- US AND KOREAN BOTOXES: WHICH ONE IS THE BEST? | Botox®, Dysport®, Nabota, Botulax: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone we're happy to welcome&nbsp; you to the Meamo channel here we talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about how you can preserve your Youth and&nbsp; Beauty with the help of modern injectable cosmetology subscribers often ask what is the&nbsp; difference between Korean and American botox and&nbsp;&nbsp; is there one at all in this video we will give&nbsp; a complete and clear answer so today's topic is&nbsp;&nbsp; American and Korean botoxes: which one is best&nbsp; first of all let's emphasize that the Botox is&nbsp;&nbsp; registered trademark of the first botulinum&nbsp; toxin product on the Cosmetic Market however&nbsp;&nbsp; without a trademark this abbreviation can be used&nbsp; to describe all such products the name Botox or&nbsp;&nbsp; Dysport everyone's lips and everyone knows that&nbsp; they're quality and Safe products But Korean&nbsp;&nbsp; botoxes are less known on the American market and&nbsp; because of this you can often find the opinion&nbsp;&nbsp; that they are somehow inferior or less effective&nbsp; but the first question I want to ask you is how&nbsp;&nbsp; American are American Products is it's a strange&nbsp; question isn't it today only 4 botulinum toxin&nbsp;&nbsp; products are officially available on the US market&nbsp; but when we dig deeper we find the following&nbsp;&nbsp; things Botox® is a product of Allergan which&nbsp; is an Irish company with headquarters in Dublin&nbsp;&nbsp; Ireland and it was only in 2020 that Aran was&nbsp; acquired by AbbVie Corporation, based in Chicago,&nbsp;&nbsp; Illinois t Dysport® is manufactured by IPSEN&nbsp; Biopharmaceuticals which is a French company&nbsp;&nbsp; based in Paris and Xeomin® is a brand name for&nbsp; botulinum toxin manufactured by by Merz Pharma&nbsp;&nbsp; a German company based in Frankfurt and Main&nbsp; Germany Jeuveau® is a product that comes directly&nbsp;&nbsp; from South Korea and it is produced by Daewoong&nbsp; Pharmaceuticals and Their botulinum toxins are&nbsp;&nbsp; under the brand named Nabota are very popular on&nbsp; the Korean market so Jeuveau® is just a trade name&nbsp;&nbsp; of Nabota for the American Market in fact all&nbsp; FDA approved products comes from outside of the&nbsp;&nbsp; borders of the United States now let's compare&nbsp; them to Korean products in the major categories&nbsp;&nbsp; the first point to consider is the effectiveness&nbsp; of the product with exception all manufacturers&nbsp;&nbsp; of different bodu products around the world&nbsp; use the same active ingredient botulinum toxin&nbsp;&nbsp; and according to the scientific studies the&nbsp; effectiveness of American and Korean productes has&nbsp;&nbsp; no significant differences practicing Physicians&nbsp; say that the same thing the effectiveness of this&nbsp;&nbsp; products is the same the second point is perhaps&nbsp; the most important safety South Korea has its own&nbsp;&nbsp; analog of the American FDA the ministry of Food&nbsp; and Drug safety referred as MFDS and this is a&nbsp;&nbsp; government agency that inspects and monitors the&nbsp; safety of all food cosmetic and pharmaceuticals&nbsp;&nbsp; on the Korean market the next point is the&nbsp; quality of the products where you can buy vexes&nbsp;&nbsp; from all three of the largest and most well-known&nbsp; Korean manufacturers Medytox, Hugel and Daewoong&nbsp;&nbsp; Pharmaceuticals the quality of their products has&nbsp; been repeatedly tested in a number of large scale&nbsp;&nbsp; clinical trials and in these trials the quality&nbsp; of Korean bodes was compared to the brands on&nbsp;&nbsp; the US market and Korean toxins produce results at&nbsp; least as good as FDA-approved products and another&nbsp;&nbsp; important parameter is how long the results are&nbsp; retained American manufacturers often claim that&nbsp;&nbsp; the effect of their products lasts longer than&nbsp; that of "American" analogues however Meamo experts&nbsp;&nbsp; have carefully studied the available scientific&nbsp; Publications and have not found any confirmation&nbsp;&nbsp; of this fact Korean botulinum toxins have the&nbsp; same duration of the exposure as FDA approved&nbsp;&nbsp; productes it ranges from 4 to 6 month depending&nbsp; on the individual characteristics of the patient&nbsp;&nbsp; and we'll talk about how to maximize the effect&nbsp; of products in future video finally last but&nbsp;&nbsp; not least the cost of the product and the price&nbsp; difference between American and Korean productes&nbsp;&nbsp; is the first thing that catches your eye and&nbsp; FDA approved products sometimes cost almost&nbsp;&nbsp; twice as much however this has nothing to do&nbsp; with the quality or safety of the product it's&nbsp;&nbsp; all about the different Financial component of the&nbsp; Bellum toxin business in the US and EU the cost of&nbsp;&nbsp; manufacturing and Licensing the product is much&nbsp; higher as well as the employee salaries and South&nbsp;&nbsp; Korea's economic policy is deliberately structured&nbsp; to stimulate new high-tech Industries including&nbsp;&nbsp; injectable cosmetology so what conclusion do we&nbsp; draw by comparing this product on the five most&nbsp;&nbsp; important parameters as you can see American and&nbsp; European in Korean boes are virtually identical&nbsp;&nbsp; in Effectiveness safety and other points the&nbsp; only sign ific difference is the price and&nbsp;&nbsp; products from South Korea are much cheaper which&nbsp; is due to the more favorable conditions for local&nbsp;&nbsp; manufacturers of the Cosmetic products I hope our&nbsp; little research was useful for you and if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; interested in how to preserve your Youth and&nbsp; Beauty with the help of injectable cosmetology&nbsp;&nbsp; then subscribe to our Channel and we will be glad&nbsp; if you share your opinion or experience of using&nbsp;&nbsp; bodu in the comments don't forget to turn on the&nbsp; Bell there are a lot of interesting things ahead

  Top Comments:
  1. @nezhamemarian586 [7 likes]: My Honest Experience with Korean Botox (NABOTA)

I didn’t choose NABOTA because of the price — I’ve never gone for the cheapest option when it comes to products being injected into my face. My decision came after years of using Dysport and Allergan, which stopped lasting more than two months for me. One possible reason might be that I had three Pfizer vaccine shots, which I’ve heard can affect how long Botox lasts.

I was getting treated at a very luxurious clinic, and the doctor noticed that the results weren't holding. She was honest and told me, “Why don’t you try a different type of Botox?” She didn’t use NABOTA herself, but she actually advised me to try another clinic that did.

So I gave NABOTA a chance — and I’m so glad I did. I’m not exaggerating when I say it lasted almost a year. That’s the longest any Botox has ever lasted on me. I’m now due for another session and I’m seriously considering going for NABOTA again.

From my experience, sometimes it’s good to rotate between the different types of Botox — Dysport, Allergan, and NABOTA — to find what works best for your body at a given time. Everyone is different, and your skin and response can change over the years.
  2. @Michi-usa [2 likes]: Great Explanantion. Do you have a website that I can place an order? Thank you
  3. @donnie9455 [1 likes]: You look beautiful ❤

- Real Doctor Explains Korean Botox VS Imported Botox | Dr. Dani's OR | Jivaka Medical Center: Kind: captions Language: en so welcome to dinosaur I'm Jenny I'm a doctor so the or my or is where we're gonna dissect everything you want to know about Korean Plastic Surgery and beauty industry in today's episode we're gonna talk about Botox so I'm gonna give you like a quick rush of about like what Botox is and then I'm gonna talk about the difference difference Botox brands like from America Europe and the ones are here in Korea and why there is a difference first of all we have to be very very clear that Botox is a toxin it comes from a bacteria at close three diem family bacteria clone called Clostridium both aleni they take it out in the medical industry we all we use two types of Botox toxin is Botox a and B so what it does is that in the union between your nerves and your muscle there is like a presynaptic release of acetylcholine what Botox does is it blogs that release so there is no signal for your muscles to work so basically your muscles are not gonna be able to move are gonna be like paralyzed in a way and with time they're gonna lose their mass so it's going to appear like slimmer or thinner and that's why people use it to have this beautiful like not mine because I haven't got it but beautiful B lines and prevent wrinkles from appearing because if you don't use a muscle like this you won't get like the wrinkles that I already have thank you very much things you need to know what botox everybody reacts extremely different to anything so what works for you regarding Botox might not work the same way in other people right some people might have one year one year and a half lasting effects of Botox some people might have six months or less because everybody's totally different and it also has to do with how much Botox have you used and for how long so the prolonged use of Botox might cause your body to be a little bit immune to its effect in my brace it toxin and your body actually fights everything that goes inside your body that is not made by you so you might get a little bit immune but it only affects like the duration of the toxin in your body and the effect that he has what do we have to have an account you have to be very careful in selecting a doctor that is very good and applying Botox not worry a lot about the brand because like I've told you like everything's safe everything has been tested everything has been approved there's not like a garage brand that is gonna be like come up and like be done in a very dirty place or fees like unsafe for human use okay also consider like your different situations in life if you're pregnant there is not a study that has proven like a specific effect of Botox in pregnancy or lactating moms but you want to do the best for your baby so avoid unnecessary risk and don't get Botox while you're pregnant there's also different medicines if you have different medical conditions like antibiotics or other medicines that will actually boost the effect of Botox so the chances of having side effects like very severe side effects like respiratory arrest increase so please try to research which medicines which drugs you're taking that would actually interact with Botox to prevent those side effects talk about side effects people are always wondering like oh if I get Botox will I get like will I die it'll be paralyzed for the rest of my life what can I get and other people don't know but like side effects are getting Botox go from like an entirely different ranges you can get only pain from the injection to actually going to respiratory arrest but it's a side effect not everyone's gonna get it it's not for everyone some people just get injections and they don't even feel pain some people might have like difficulty breathing and that's when you have to go to your doctor some people might just get like headaches or like migraines or flu symptoms don't be scared of after a Botox injection you feel like you're sick or a little weak because it's normal okay so there are different brands world while they're like three major like the word of the first three brands of Botox release one from the United States one from England and the other from Germany and those are FDA approved so basically the United States says that it was safe use all around the world and their names are Allegan Dysport yummy korea has its own type of Botox like their own brand and you might ask me why do I care about the Korean brands if this friends are already FDA approved right the thing is that people do come to Korea to get Botox done because it's cheaper like way cheaper than what you would have gotten done in the US or in Europe and that's because like Korea mixes old Botox it's safe it is K FDA approved so it's safe but the prices are three or four times cheaper than for example the German brand or the American breath why is that Korea doesn't have to pay for importation costs they don't have to pay all those taxes that you have to pay when you bring medicines out of the country that basically the rest of the countries around the world have to pay to get any of this type of Botox right they are approved they are tested and they are safe so why would you think that is normal like the Korea per capita uses more Botox than any other country in the world so you might think that there's a pretty big amount of cases going on here and so far it's been pretty pretty safe compared to like the FDA approved brands there are three labs in Korea that are like the major labs and combined they have five different types of Botox they are called mini toxin in a tux and Cory talks for two legs and they butter the biggest lab is called meta tox having the oldest and trustworthy brand called Medi toxin that is like the one that mostly everybody uses fun fact Nevada is actually FDA approved so you have everything here in this country basically different brands cannot come out with different Botox toxin because it's made by a bacteria the bacteria is not gonna change the Botox that it does so everybody has the same toxin okay the bacteria itself makes eight types of toxins from A to G but in the Commerce like even medical or cosmetic oh we only use like I told you before Botox a and B those are the ones that we use they cannot change it they might use one and another but it's the same toxin the only thing that changes is that some of them I say oh I have a pure toxin without any added or like stabilizers and then the other one is like like oh we're not here we just like put something there but at the same time the amount of Botox that you're gonna get in your face is so so small test matter there's also like some studies that actually say like oh this Botox brand lasts more than this one we are better you can see this but those studies use a core group of like 20 people or so that's not a representative like amount of people to make actually a good study so the results are gonna be very biased and they are also made by the same labs that make the drug so there's a big bias there so I wouldn't say and the results were not conclusive conclusive each one of them says their drug is better so I would just go with my instinct they're all better they all work the same and the results vary from people to people because of the interaction with your body to the toxin and not because of the toxin itself so what botox what brand should you buy whichever the one you want like I really couldn't care less if you can pay for the expensive one do it if you don't have that much money and you want like the cheapest one buy that one if you would like to have like FDA approved or Cady FAA approved if you don't mind which country says it's safe as long as there's like an approved sign that the drug is safe go for it if it's cheaper for you to come to Korea than having Botox injections done in Europe or America come here get it done like people here are very very good their faces you're amazing have you seen the internet like the different persons totally different person there are magicians with faces here so as long as you feel comfortable as long as you feel safe keep a cow that all of these drugs have been tested they have different prices for you to choose from whatever you're comfortable paid wherever you're comfortable putting your face do it like I'm not gonna heat me come here and tell you you have to get this brand because when I'm writing whatever no just like however you been comfortable and nice but at least now you can have like a more informed decision into which kind of brand of Botox you're gonna get and at least now you know a little bit more about Korean Botox so you're not as biased and only have the view of the drug czar available in like our western countries so this was the video for today I hope you like it if you like this video please thumbs up subscribe leave a comment if you want to know more about anything we will dissect it together you and I and I think that's a wrap and you guys leave anything for us [Music]

- Facial Plastic Surgeon Reveals the BEST Areas to Get Botox on your Face!: Kind: captions Language: en All right, folks. So, I'm going to show you where in the face and why you get Botox in those areas. And this is kind of a strategy that you can take with your injectors, etc. So, let's take a look. For those of you who don't know me, I'm Dr. Amir Kum. I'm a board-certified facial plastic surgeon specializing in facial rejuvenation. I'm also the founder of Kummd skin. All right. So, the most common areas for Botox are around the eyes. And the muscles that you're actually treating are basically the corrugator muscles, which are these guys right here. And you put a little Botox in here. These prevent those 11s from forming between this area. There's also a little muscle right in here that you want to put a bit of Botox in here to prevent this little crease that you form in this area. So, this is a very common strategy. And for some people, this ovicularis muscle runs off to the side. So a tiny little bit off to the edges right there can help make it to where the central area isn't taking the bulk of the work and then all of a sudden you have this like movement happening in the middle of the brow. So a good strategy is corrugator corrugator corrugator and a tiny little bit right there in the procaris muscle. Another really important area is the frontalus. Now the frontalus are these muscles that cause the little creases in your forehead. Now, the idea here is these muscles actually lift the eyebrow. So, they pull the eyebrow up and these muscles pull the eyebrow down. So, if you put Botox in these muscles and not put any in here, everything will crash down because there's nothing here to elevate the brow anymore. So, what you're going to do in a strategy like this is you're going to decide what you're trying to achieve. If you're trying to get brow elevation, you're going to favor stronger effect on the brow depressors and you're just going to put a small amount in the frontalus. If your idea is that you want to get, you know, a lot of these lines relaxed and you don't care about brow position, then of course you go stronger. But for most people as they're aging, this starts to favor wanting to do things that are going to pull the brow upward, which means less in the frontalus muscle and more in this group of muscles. Okay? So keep that in mind. The other common area is treatment of the ovicularis muscle. So the ovicularis muscle as you can see is a ringlike muscle that goes around the eye and when you squint it causes crows feet, these little contraction to this area. So, putting some Botox here, here, here, you know, whatever combination or numbers you put in here, what that'll do is it'll relax this area. In addition, this contraction here causes the brow, the tail of the brow, which would, you know, sit like this tail of the brow to point down. By putting Botox in here, allows things to kind of arch up a little bit. So, you get an improvement in brow position as well. So combining here with your gloella region and going low on your frontalus, the net effect is that allows everything to move upward. So if you're going up, that's how you do it. Keep that in mind. So as you age, you really want to decrease the amount in your frontalus. Other areas, the nasalis muscle basically causes little bunny lines. So a little Botox here when you when you smile, you put a couple units in this area. Another common area for Botox is you've heard of the lip flip. Basically what happens is as we age this lip gets a little bit longer but there's also an effect where the lip becomes kind of flattened down a little bit. So putting a little bit of Botox along the lip has two effects. Number one is it keeps these vertical lines that form around this area to quiet down. So you put a little bit of Botox here and it keeps this muscle from contracting and pulling the lip inward. So you decrease the vertical line formation. Also, putting a little bit in these this area here can cause the lip to move upward and give you a a small effect like a lip lift situation. Now, here's another interesting thing and this I get asked about this all the time. There's two muscles that pull the corner of the lip upward. All these ones that are termed levator. These muscles are pulling the corner of the lip up. The smile muscles, the zygomaticus major and minor also have an effect here. With age, the depressor muscles, depressor anguli orus or dao muscle, this guy here, affects the corner of the mouth by winning the battle over time, meaning that things in the corner of the mouth want to pull downward. By putting a little bit of Botox in this muscle right here, what it'll do is it'll weaken this muscle and it'll allow these muscles that are, you know, trying to pull the corner of the mouth up, they'll allow that to win. So, the net effect will be you'll go up a bit. So, sometimes improving the corner of the mouth is about decreasing the ability for the corner of the mouth to depress by putting a little bit of of effect on the DAO muscle. So, you'll hear about that. Um, another important thing is this image doesn't show it clearly. They they peeled away the platisma muscles to show more of the deep neck muscles like sternoclyomastoid and trapezius etc. But think of this is there's a sheet of muscle that runs along this area here. Okay. And the same thing will be on this side. What ends up happening is in many cases when people you know chew or talk these muscles form you know firm bands. They form these like thick bands that that happen here. Some people mistake this for aging. Aging, these bands are there when you're not talking or smiling or interacting. But when you do see these bands happen in the case of a of a firm neck, let's say it's a post-operative neck or it's somebody who's younger, 30s, 40s, and they don't have laxity, but they just have these bands where they happen when they're talking or chewing. Putting a little bit of Botox in these bands, eight to 16 per side, can weaken the muscle just enough to keep that muscle from forming those harsh bands when you're animating. Surgery won't do this. That's important point to keep in mind. Surgery will not keep these bands from forming because they're basically doing their job. And so Botox will help quiet them down if you feel like you want to slow them down a little bit. Another area that Botox has been getting a lot of attention is the master muscle. The master muscle is a deep muscle right there in the corner of the jawline. And that deep muscle is is used for chewing. So people who grind, who clench their teeth at night, etc. have an oversized mastor muscle. This muscle gets bigger and therefore this area starts to become masculineized. Putting a little bit of Botox in here on each side of the mass can quiet those muscles down and cause atrophy, which is, you know, thinning of the muscle. And so as a result, you end up decreasing this kind of more squarish effect and then turn turning this into a more delicate or feminine look to the jawline. So that's the idea of using Botox in the master muscle for facial shaping. Short of that to try to lift jowls and all these other things, it doesn't really work. These are the primary areas where Botox has a lot of particular value. All right, everyone. I hope you enjoyed that video. This is really useful stuff. So, make sure you save this and you can even take this to your practitioners, your injectors. Share that with them. But definitely share it with some friends and family, which I think is always a great way to empower everyone. And if you haven't already, make sure you subscribe to the channel to get more videos like this. And if you enjoyed it, make sure you like it. And any questions or any type of comment, drop them in the comment section below. I'll make sure to reply to as many as possible. Thank you so much, and I can't wait to share the next video with you guys. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @dramirkaram [6 likes]: Important correction! In this video we use "CC"s to refer to the measurement on the graphics but that is incorrect. The correct term is "units" of botox.
  2. @DWalters-w8u [1 likes]: Such excellent explanations for the placement of Botox. Concise and clearly demonstrated. I have subscribed. Thanks.
  3. @Katams-F-uc4zn [1 likes]: Is it true that botox around crows feet can cause eye bags and even more wrinkles under the eyes? Also what about the cheek shelf that people often mention? Can that be avoided?
  4. @mackemwoman66 [1 likes]: So pleased I watched this before botox today! Thank you doc ❤💐
  5. @Debra-k1f: Thank you ❤
  6. @MacSwan: I’m taking this to show what I want! Thank you!
  7. @user-jt2jl7vz3s: incredibly informative, thank you!
  8. @jazmintorres9521: Do you do Botox at your location?? I know i can’t afford a surgery with you Dr but at least can I go and get Botox at your office??? Hopefully I can afford that .😅
  9. @jenniferzimmerman782: This was SO helpful!!!
  10. @jazmintorres9521: Does your office does Botox?
  11. @Mindurbzns187: Hi, I had GBS(autoimmune) disease around 7 years back, I had full facial paralysis. Recovered it but not completely, and it made my face look old may be due to nerve issues and muscle weakness. I am interested in botox but scared that it may worsen my face because my nerves are weak. Kindly guide. I have watched all your videos but there is no information about this condition. I live in Pakistan and can't reach you.
  12. @EstelleThai-Laten: I dont like the pillow face fillers give i had botox in my jaw line done in thailand an beautiful effect . So please can you answer muy question is botox look better that fillers look thank you
  13. @Cuca_Heavenamnessministry: is it safe to do botox for lip flip at the same time as lip filler? thank you
  14. @maipham4766: Very well explained thank you so much amazing so helpful ❤can you please share the process of a tech neck lift
  15. @julia_newsome.t: Would leaving the frontalis with no Botox and only focusing on the other areas give the brow elevation? Or is the frontalis having a small amount required for some reason? Please reply 🙏😊
  16. @MarliEngelbrecht-n2c: Great! Now where do I buy the botox? Thanks for the tutorial 🤪
  17. @miaadam1574: Gold 👌
  18. @moltengirl6797: SUPER helpful and always a pleasure to learn from you Dr Karam. Thank you so much ❤
  19. @MN-yz7bp: If you made a chart of this,  I’d buy it.
  20. @user-ej8oq8bv1c: @dramirkaram Should you ever put product right above the brows all along? Our injector keeps doing this and we are having Ptosis issues w the patients....

- How does BOTOX work, what is Botox & 5 surprising uses for it!: Kind: captions Language: en Produced by bacteria, Botox is one of the most poisonous substances in the world if vaporized 1 teaspoon could kill millions of people, because it stops muscle contractions. How would it kill? Well, one example: if we inhaled it, and it got into our diaphragm, a muscle, we'd no longer be able to breathe. Skeletal muscles need nerve impulses to do anything, so Botox works simply by blocking nerves from sending their messages to the muscle here at the nerve terminal, where the nerve and the muscle meet, the nerve would normally transmit the signal from the brain across the gap called the synapse and into the muscle. However, Botox blocks the release of the nerve signaling molecules called the neurotransmitters. This means that the muscle would never receive the signal from the brain and will never contract. But, when used in very localized areas of the body and in controlled situations we can use Botox to target specific nerves going to the specific muscles that we wish to prevent from contracting That's how Botox works. Here are five areas where we can use it effectively in cosmetics when our skin gets squashed together due to the underlying muscle contractions, the elastic nature of it can be weakened and lines can form across the skin. We can target muscles of the face to stop them from contracting at all, so preventing the skin from being moved in this way. If we can't, for example, raise our eyebrows, then we can't form these lines where the skin has been compressed, so it would never lose its elasticity or form areas of weakness. Yes you'll lose the ability to make some expressions but it will also prevent the formation of visible wrinkles. The second is overactive bladder. Having an overactive urinary bladder means that your bladder might contract at inconvenient times sometimes causing pain and sometimes causing incontinence. Surgeons can inject the walls of the bladder with Botox, preventing the muscle from ever contracting which is the cause of these symptoms. I'll note that the bladder is made of smooth muscle which doesn't always need nerve impulses to contract but overactive bladder happens to be brought on by nerve signals and so Botox works effectively in this case the third is muscle spasms. Some severe neck pain or other disorders can be brought on by muscle spasms. Botox can prevent these muscles from contracting and alleviate these disorders. Fourth is migraines. Some muscle spasms can even result in migraines, headaches, or other symptoms and if the right muscles causing your issues can be targeted, Botox can potentially clear this up as well. The final use is excessive sweating. Nerve impulses result in sweat glands being stimulated to secrete sweat. Because Botox prevents nerves transmitting signals, if you inject this into the areas where your nerves meet the sweat glands you'll prevent those glands from sweating. So Botox is dangerous in nature but really useful in the right hands

  Top Comments:
  1. @daniablub [7 likes]: I didnt ever think id hear botox and bladder in the same sentence hahaha!!!
  2. @A_M_G_1990 [5 likes]: The music :(  the content 🤩
  3. @MorganPhillipsPage [5 likes]: 0:54 "going to the specific nussles (????) that we wish to prevent from contracting DSHHHH-WUBWUBWUBWUBWIBWIWBWBPWSHHHHHHHH-WUBWUBWUBWUBBUUUUUUUUUUUDA-DSHHHHHHHHWUBWUBWUB..
That's how M̶a̶f̶i̶a̶ Botox works"
  4. @chiellazona5624 [4 likes]: Very informative video. Thanks. Saved some minutes understanding botox. Every other videos are just not as straightforward as this one and is just confusing.
  5. @medsim6638 [4 likes]: I had no idea about half of these! Thanks for the info! Great video!
  6. @XAngelCub [3 likes]: I just got Botox in my forehead. Hopefully it doesn't transfer to my brain 😭
  7. @kerrymaurice9033 [3 likes]: Love the way you teach dude
  8. @anatomy218 [2 likes]: Love It!
  9. @gauravnagar-w6j [2 likes]: how taste of botox
  10. @bloom_of_life [1 likes]: I use to get Botox for underarms and it helped for excessive sweating….. if you’re looking into getting this done, heads up, your body needs to release sweat and if it’s not in your underarms it will be some place else…
  11. @bonniebelle4130 [1 likes]: Also used for teeth grinding
  12. @Mi3940: Listen to Dr Eric burg and you will never get near to this shit called BOTOX 😏✌️
  13. @wulfrach: Yea you wont be able to move your face anymore, but you'll have less wrinkles......
  14. @epfizerdoolittleajl2165: I wonder if botox could be used to treat dysmenoreah
  15. @penneydulany2098: The overwrought brother-in-law fifthly spell because scarf perioperaively cheer unto a descriptive soup. gaudy, youthful enemy
  16. @darrinvinsel1826: The raspy smile behaviourally fold because language comprehensively command anenst a dynamic giraffe. beautiful, deadpan duck
  17. @NicoYorugua: Here after Zac Efron
  18. @Bazuso90: I live in North Queensland and have overactive sweat glands in +40 Degree Celsius temperatures. Can you send me some Botox kind sir? Thanks in advance ;^)
  19. @Shannehh1337: I like the thumbnail D...
 ;)
  20. @WOW-yz7ir: NICE!

- Innotox vs. Botox: Which One Wins in 2024?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Botox has been the gold standard for years – but what if there’s a newer, cleaner,&nbsp;&nbsp; and more convenient alternative&nbsp; that might just outperform it? Hey everyone, and welcome&nbsp; back to the Meamo channel! Today, we’re exploring one of the hottest debates&nbsp; in aesthetic medicine: Innotox versus Botox. Both are botulinum toxin type A products used to&nbsp;&nbsp; reduce wrinkles and fine lines –&nbsp; but they’re not quite the same. Whether you're a seasoned practitioner or&nbsp; just curious about your treatment options,&nbsp; this breakdown will help you&nbsp; understand what sets them apart. Let’s get into it. Let’s start with how each product is prepared. Botox, from Allergan,&nbsp;&nbsp; comes as a freeze-dried powder that must&nbsp; be mixed with saline before injection. While this offers flexibility in dilution,&nbsp; it also requires precision&nbsp; and adds steps to the process. Innotox, on the other hand,&nbsp; is truly next-generation. It comes in a pre-mixed, liquid form,&nbsp; so there’s no need for dilution. That not only saves time in clinical&nbsp; settings but also reduces dosing errors –&nbsp; especially helpful for beginners&nbsp; or high-volume practices. Now let’s talk about storage. Botox needs constant refrigeration&nbsp; both before and after dilution. That can be tricky in mobile or smaller clinics&nbsp; where cold chain storage isn’t always ideal. Innotox can be stored at room&nbsp; temperature (up to 25°C),&nbsp; making it easier to transport and&nbsp; use without compromising quality. When it comes to formulation, safety&nbsp; and personal values also come into play. Botox uses human serum albumin as a stabilizer – safe and widely accepted,&nbsp; but it may raise concerns for&nbsp; vegans, allergy-prone individuals,&nbsp;&nbsp; or patients with specific ethical preferences. Innotox avoids this altogether. Its formula is free of human and animal-derived&nbsp; proteins, using Polysorbate 20 instead. That makes it vegan-friendly, hypoallergenic,&nbsp;&nbsp; and appealing to patients who&nbsp; prefer clean-label injectables. Both Innotox and Botox are&nbsp; formulations of botulinum toxin type A,&nbsp; and they work in a similar way:&nbsp; by temporarily blocking the nerve&nbsp; signals that cause muscle contractions. When injected into specific facial muscles, this interruption in nerve activity&nbsp;&nbsp; allows the muscles to relax, and the overlying skin to smooth out –&nbsp; reducing the appearance of dynamic wrinkles&nbsp; caused by repeated facial expressions. This includes common treatment areas like:&nbsp; Forehead lines Glabellar lines (the “11s” between the brows)&nbsp; Crow’s feet around the eyes Peri-oral lines (also known as smoker’s lines) Where Innotox stands out is in its precise&nbsp; diffusion and ready-to-use liquid form,&nbsp; which gives practitioners greater&nbsp; control and accuracy during treatment. This can help minimize the risk&nbsp; of affecting nearby muscles. While Botox remains highly&nbsp; effective and well-established,&nbsp; it requires reconstitution and may diffuse more&nbsp; broadly depending on dilution and technique. For clinics focused on efficiency,&nbsp; precision, and a clean, protein-free formula,&nbsp; Innotox offers a modern, practical advantage. When it comes to results, both are effective – but timing differs slightly. Botox typically starts working within 3 to 5 days,&nbsp; with results peaking around two&nbsp; weeks and lasting 3 to 4 months. Innotox may kick in even faster – as&nbsp; early as 2 to 3 days after injection. Many users also report longer-lasting effects,&nbsp; sometimes up to 6 to 8 months, depending&nbsp; on the individual and treatment area. This is where things get technical. Botox is FDA-approved in the U.S.&nbsp; and has been in use globally for decades,&nbsp; with a strong record of clinical data. Innotox is approved for use in South&nbsp; Korea and several other countries,&nbsp; and it’s gaining popularity&nbsp; in international markets. While it’s not yet FDA-approved in the U.S., its clean formulation and growing adoption&nbsp;&nbsp; are driving interest among&nbsp; aesthetic professionals worldwide. So, what’s the takeaway? Botox remains a benchmark in aesthetic medicine, but Innotox offers a forward-thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; alternative – with practical&nbsp;&nbsp; advantages in storage,&nbsp; preparation, and formulation. If you’re looking for a product that’s cleaner,&nbsp; easier to use, and potentially longer-lasting,&nbsp; Innotox is definitely one&nbsp; to watch – and one to try. Thanks for watching!&nbsp; If you found this helpful, give us a&nbsp; like, and subscribe to the Meamo channel! See you in the next video!

  Top Comments:
  1. @nfornicoley9 [4 likes]: Once innotox is punctured, how long do you have in order to use it? In other words, what is the shelf life after its punctured?
  2. @habibadami5625 [3 likes]: Hi, thank you for all the good information, just wanted to know how defreeze the frozen Botox?
  3. @sallybashar9180 [2 likes]: Where do you get Innotox from

- Botox for Beginners: Everything You Need to Know About This Treatment: Kind: captions Language: en what is Botox what does it mean what does it do is it appropriate for me I'm going to answer all of your questions today hi everyone I'm Dr Mara Weinstein I'm a board-certified dermatologist I've been practicing for about 10 years now I also did a fellowship after residency training specifically in lasers and cosmetics so I truly am an expert in aesthetic cosmetic Dermatology and I'm here to answer all of your questions one question I get a lot is what is Botox what does it do is it safe is it right for me so I'm going to break that down for you today so hopefully after this video you have a better understanding of what your options are what might be appropriate for you and whether or not you're ready to take the plunge Botox is actually a brand of botulinum toxin a botulinum toxin is derived from a bacteria called claustrum botulinum there are actually a few different toxins produced by that strain of claustrum but botum toxin a is the one that's most studied and used in the aesthetic world for what's commonly known as Botox treatments the other name for Botox is a neuromodulator so by definition neurom modulators prevent the nerve from communicating with the muscle which just means that if you are going to make an expression like raising your brows for example your nerve is not going to be able to tell your muscles to raise your brow so instead it might be a little subdued a softer expression or completely Frozen another place where Botox is commonly used is in the Geller area which is your frown muscle so again Botox or nor modulators are meant to prevent the nerve from communicating with the muscle and thereby minimizing the force with which you make an expression now that might sound kind of confusing and you might be thinking why do I want to prevent that expression well I'll tell you in just a sec but before we get into that it's worthwhile to break down the different types of neuromodulators on the market so currently there are five different brands of neuromodulators on the market there's Botox disport juvo Zaman and daify so these are all brand names that you might have heard and of course I don't expect anyone to know which one is right for them and often that's really not a question you should be asking yourself that's a question for the expert that you're going to see and which they choose to use will depend on a number of different factors so what's the big difference between these different brands just for the ease of explanation I'm going to group boto discort and juvo into one category and this is the category where the molecule of votum toxin has what we call a complexing protein on top of it and so this complexing protein when injected disassociates from the active molecule so that the molecule can do its job which is work at the neuromuscular Junction to help block the signal of your nerve communicating with your muscle so these three brands all have a complexing protein on them like I mentioned now there's a theory that when this complexing protein is injected and dissociates from the active molecule that your body could recognize this protein as a foreign object and develop antibodies to it which means over time the injections with botox disport or duvo might become less and less effective because your body is developing antibodies and now recognizing this product as being foreign in contrast zamen is what they call a naked molecule so it is just the molecule there is no complexing protein when injected it's a molecule itself and the likelihood of you developing antibodies to zamen is much much less now daifi is a different Beast it does have a complexing protein but it's meant to last much longer by the way it was formulated in the clinical studies it showed it lasted about 5 to 6 months where the other products only last about 3 to 4 months so daifi has become a game changer in some practices because their patients need to only come in about twice a year which is amazing using you might wonder well what if I go to my dermatologist and they suggest Botox the brand and I don't want to run the risk of developing antibodies well it's not quite that simple so if you go to a dermatologist who preferentially uses Botox that's totally fine they've had years of experience with using Botox the brand and they know how to achieve the natural aesthetic that you are looking for or the desired aesthetic you were looking for so what's more important is that you go to a a licensed professional who gets their product from a reliable source now lately the media has been blowing up about incidences of people going to see unlicensed professionals who obtained fake vials of Botox now you might wonder why would somebody do that why would somebody in their right mind do that and the other piece of it is why would somebody go to an unlicensed professional well the reality is Botox is not cheap and perhaps this unlicensed professional wanted to get their hands on some product to make a few extra bucks and so they got a deal it was fake Botox maybe they didn't know and maybe they were touting themselves as you know licens this or licens that but they really weren't and I don't blame the people who went to see them because it's really hard to know what people's credentials are unless you ask and you do your research so in a way you really do need to do your research to make sure that they've had adequate training a lot of these products have websites where you can go and check to see who is a LIC provider for that product for boto for disport for example and so that's a good way to find out if who you're going to is actually a license professional so what was scary about these cases is I told you from the beginning that botulinum toxin a is a toxin derived from a bacteria there's a disease that it can actually cause called botulism botulism is when your body is exposed to toxic levels of vinum Toxin and you become short of breath and you might experience shortness of breath dry dry eyes dry mouth and other life-threatening concerns that might cause you to become hospitalized and in the case of this fake Botox some patients were hospitalized and this happened all across the country from New York to LA so if you learned anything from this video it's to make sure that you get your product your neuromodulator your Botox toport juo in from a licensed provider licensed providers could be board certified dermatologists like myself board certified plastic surgeons board certified ENT docks just make sure you go to a practice that doesn't look sketchy please don't go to a Botox party in somebody's garage that's not the best way to get your first Botox treatment okay so moving on what are the areas that we can inject neuromodulators the most common areas are the forhead glabella and crow's feet the other areas that you might not have known about neuromodulators can be super helpful with are the pmal bands which are the bands that come when you strain your neck the mentalis which is the muscle that leads to a puckering of the chin the daos which are these muscles that pull down at the corners of the mouth your nasalis muscles which contribute to bunny lines so if you scrunch up your nose you can develop bunny lines and we can also inject right at the nasal aot area to prevent the appearance of a gummy smile which can be bothersome in a lot of patients now another place that can be injected are the masser muscles so these muscles can get big and bulky if you suffer from roxism or teeth grinding or TMG J often this is a medical concern and patients will go see their oral surgeon or dentist and get a mouth guard to use to prevent that grinding but that doesn't mean that this muscle still doesn't become bulky so we can inject right into the masser muscle to help with the pain from teeth grinding but also help slim the face because a strong jawline in a woman mainly because of the masal muscle protrusion can actually look very masculine and we can talk about how to masc ulize or feminize the jawline let me know I can definitely do a video of that so let me know in the comments below but for this video we're just talking about areas in which we can inject neuromodulators now neuromodulators are very low risk in terms of developing a hypers sensitivity to them there are very few side effects it's a very safe treatment when injected properly it typically lasts as I mentioned about 3 to 4 months now it's important to note that it doesn't kick in for about 2 weeks after so 10 to 14 days so if you you come in for your first time injection you're not going to see the end result for about 10 to 14 days and if it's your first time too that injector should offer you a follow-up visit in about 2 weeks so they can check and see how everything's settled in I like to call it creating a recipe for my patients neurom modulator injections the first few times they come in we have a map and we indicate exactly where we have placed those injections and then if they come in for that twoe touchup we can modify the map so that at the end of the day we have their recipe and it'll save them a lot of time in the long run because we'll know exactly where they like to have their treatments placed another side effect that can be pretty common especially if it's your first time getting injections are headaches so headaches can occur and it's mainly because you're retraining your muscle and so sometimes they can come from that tension especially in the forehead or in this frowning area and those typically resolve in a few weeks and can be treated easily with Tylenol or Ibuprofen when I inject specifically there is a little BLB on the skin that lasts a few minutes after injection most of these products come in a little vile they're lopiz they're powder form and they have to be reconstituted with saline most of what we're injecting is the saline and that's why you see the little BLB and those go down within 10 minutes A lot of my patients will just put on makeup right after or cover up but you should be able to come in for your injection and go straight to work after a few no NOS to plan for after your injection so we don't want you lying down flat or doing anything that massages or moves the muscle around and the areas we place the treatment this is most important immediately post treatment so we say about 4 hours but give or take we just want you to be careful with manipulating the area where the treatment was placed because we don't want it to migrate or move somewhere it shouldn't be it's placed strategically in the belly of that muscle where we're trying to soften the movement something a lot of people don't think about is wearing a hat so if you come in and you put on your baseball cap right after there's pressure that's directly on the areas of injections not recommended if you have a yoga or pilates class planned right after injections I would cancel that maybe pivot to a brisk walk or run a few hours post or do your workout before and if you have a massage or something that requires you to lay where your head is flat in a pillow I would recommend rescheduling especially if it's your first treatment we really don't want that product to migrate lastly and probably the most important reason why people opt for treatment with neuromodulators is naturally over time we lose collagen in our skin and we lose that elasticity and that ability to recoil or bounce back and so with repeated Expressions especially those that give off a negative emotion like frowning or squinting or frowning with your mouth as I demoed earlier repeated Expressions can cause etched lines into the skin and you all know what I'm talking about you've seen those 11s on your mom or an aunt or a friend and even though they're not angry people might ask why do you always look angry and I can't tell you how many times people have come in and said I'm sick of everybody asking me why I'm frowning or why I'm angry can you please just get rid of these lines and honestly by that point it's not too late but it's difficult to completely get rid of them so as a dermatologist I'm all about prevention so my recommendation is start with little bits early on before you develop Edge lines in the skin and over time you might not need as much you also will get used to the feeling of not frowning and so we see that patients sort of train their muscle not to make that negative expression and again over time you'll need less and less and you'll walk away without Edge lines in the skin now you might wonder about filler or trying to fill these lines again this area called the Geller area has the highest risk of complications when filler is placed there and that complication Is Blindness so I highly recommend against weighting and just thinking you could get filler in that area down the road prevention is key and I think if you're going to start anywhere neuromodulators are an excellent place to start if you hate it it'll wear off in 3 to 4 months and you never have to do it again but if you love it you'll become best friends with your dermatologist and that's a beautiful thing because you'll have regular appointments to not only get your neuromodulators done but also to discuss skin care the latest technology and what other treatments you could be doing to help prevent your skin from looking dull from developing brown spots and just feeling and looking like your best self healthy skin is what we're all about these treatments don't have to make you look fake they don't have to make you look different it's just the best version of yourself thank you so much for watching thank you for sticking with me through this if you found it helpful please make sure you like And subscribe below and send to your friends spread the word let me know what else you'd like to learn

- Dermatologist Explains Botox: When to Start, What to Expect During a Treatment, Results & More: Kind: captions Language: en I often find if someone's thinking about getting a cosmetic procedure Botox is sort of top of mind but I also find that a lot of people don't really know what to expect when they go to get BOTOX so I thought in this video I would break that down for [Music] you if you're new here welcome I'm Dr Sam Ellis I'm a board certified medical and cosmetic dermatologist in Northern California and I'm really here to help you understand your skin and help you find products that work for you so if that sounds good give this video a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe to the channel I really wanted to make this video because not only as a dermatologist do I get a ton of questions about Botox but I find that the world of Cosmetics can feel a bit intimidating and I think part of that intimidation is just not knowing what to expect and having anxiety around the unknown and so by talking about what to expect during a Botox treatment what you should do before and after and what are sort of like the Norms will make you feel more confident approaching Botox whether or not you decide to get it or not now I do understand like what your Botox experience is is going to vary a bit based on your environment what part of the country or the world you live in are you getting injected by a physician or at a medical spa or at a Botox party just kidding please never do that but I do feel like there are certain things that should be consistent no matter what environment you're having a Botox procedure performed in and there should be certain things to look out for to make sure you're having a good treatment and it's going to be effective for you I do have a YouTube video where I talk all about Botox and answer a lot of common questions that come up about it but just as a brief overview Botox is something called a neuromodulator it is a protein that you can inject cosmetically to help reduce muscle movement and by reducing muscle movements particularly in the face you can prevent fine lines and ringles from forming that usually would happen as a result of repeated muscle movements for example if you were to frown or scowl over and over again over the course of your lifetime you would notice that little lines begin to form between your eyebrows or if you smile over and over and over again you might notice that little creases begin to form at the corners of your eyes and by getting Botox you can reduce the intensity of those movement movements and reduce the way those lines get etched into the skin over time Botox essentially works by blocking the signal between your nerves and your muscles so when you disrupt that communication you can reduce that muscle movement Botox also has other cosmetic uses you can use it to slim the face tighten up the jawline even lift the brows and I'll do a separate video about all the different ways you can use botox to cosmetically enhance things I should also point out that Botox is a brand of neuromodulator and there are other pharmaceutical companies that make competitors to Botox and they all work very similarly so things like disport juvo Zaman daify these are all different types of neuromodulators that essentially work the same way disrupting the signal between the nerve and muscles to relax them Botox has been around the longest but disport juvo and zamin have all been FDA approved for a while now and often times I get asked about the differences between them and the differences are quite subtle and more exist on the molecular level in terms of how they behave in the skin it's pretty similar disport often kicks in a little bit faster some people people have a preference for one of these neuromodulators versus the other but I really think of it like Coke versus Pepsi some people have like a very strong preference and some people think they have a preference but they couldn't really tell the difference and then daify is sort of like the new kid on the Block the interesting thing about daify is that it lasts a little bit longer in the tissue so that's sort of its unique defining characteristic is that when it's injected instead of lasting 3 to 4 months like the other neurom modulators it can sometimes last upward of 6 months I'm going to use the word Botox kind of collectively to refer to all of the different neuromodulators moving forward so just know when I'm saying Botox you could substitute that in for disport zamen or juvo with daifi being slightly different so with botox injections you can typically expect the results to last somewhere between 3 and 4 months that is what the clinical data shows now every once in a while I have a patient come in who tells me like oh my friend's Botox lasts for 6 months or she only has to do it once a year that is amazing but that is not the norm so just so you can be mentally prepared for Botox you should expect it to last 3 to 4 months and if you're one of those lucky people who has that longer duration that's amazing one thing that's really important to clarify is once you have botox injected it doesn't take immediate effect I think of it like a dimmer switch getting brighter and brighter and often times you'll start to notice decrease muscle movement within the first couple of days but it really takes a full two weeks to see the ultimate effects once it's fully kicked in at the two we mark it kind of plateaus and then around week 4 to 6 it slowly slowly starts to wear off so one misconception a lot of people have around Botox is they think okay it's lasting 3 to 4 months so I'm going to have zero movement or kind of my optimal result for the entire 3 to 4 months and that's not really how it works you hit a peak efficacy you plateau for a little bit and then it slowly wears off over 6 to 8 weeks so I find that that sweet spot for your Botox is actually around like 4 to 6 weeks where it's not that initial decrease in muscle movement it's kind of softened up a little bit and that's when I think you look the most natural with your Botox so if someone's planning botox for a wedding or photography or a big event I think getting Botox at least a month in advance is the best way to go and I should also say it lasts 3 to 4 months if you are getting the appropriate dose of Botox if you are doing baby Botox in which a fewer number of units are getting injected and we'll talk about the concept of units in a second you shouldn't expect your Botox to last the full 3 to four months if you're getting half a normal dose sometimes it lasts half as long I would say on average my patients come in about three times a year or every four months to get their Botox injected sometimes people go okay well like if it's wearing off like do I wait till it's fully worn off or do I come a little bit sooner before it's fully worn off and I kind of equate it to getting your hair highlighted there are some people who as soon as their Roots start to show they want to come in and get it done and there are some people who go a little bit longer in between if you stretch your Botox out to 6 or 7 months in between appointments that's fine you just won't have the aesthetic benefit that entire time I inject my own Botox every four to 5 months honestly it depends on like how on top of my life I am but I really like it to wear off pretty much completely in between unless I have a big event that I have to be ready for in which case I might do it a little bit sooner the reason I like to wait for my Botox to pretty much be completely worn off is Botox is a muscle relaxing and if that muscle is not moving it tends to thin out the same way if you weren't working out your biceps or your triceps those muscles wouldn't be as bulky and so if you stack your Botox too closely together and too closely in my mind would be like sooner than every 3 months you run the risk of atrophying that muscle and making that muscle thin out and then you lose some of that rejuvenating effect of Botox and it just starts to make you look a bit gaunt every once in a while I'll hear people talk about muscle atrophy with Botox and the thinning out of the muscles over time if you're consistent with Botox and I really find that really only happens if you over Botox someone and if you're really letting your Botox wear off in between treatments you don't get that atrophy effect but you still get all the positive effects of it keeping your skin smooth and preventing wrinkles from getting deeper over time so that's sort of what to expect in terms of the timeline of Botox you haven't injected you wait one to two weeks for it to fully kick in it plateaus for a little while and then it slowly slowly wears off I think it's also important that we talk a little bit about like the timing of Botox in terms of when in your life you're a good good candidate for it and whether like preventative Botox is really a thing because a lot of people go okay well should I be getting Botox before I really need it so those lines never really get etched in in the first place and I'll tell you what I think about this in my mind preventative Botox actually means you're getting Botox once those fine lines are starting to set in it doesn't mean getting Botox in your early 20s before you have any lines at all because if you get to the point where you're just starting to notice etched in lines when your face is at rest if you go and get BOTOX at that point almost C those lines can be eliminated completely if you're consistent with botox thereafter the only time I'm really injecting Botox on younger patients who have absolutely no lines is if they're doing it for beautification so they're not really doing it for anti-aging to prevent wrinkles but they would like a little brow Arch or they have a wide jaw that they would like to slim down or if they hold a lot of tension between their brows they're not at the point where they're making lines but they get a tension headache or they just feel like they're constantly frowning those would be times to do Botox in a younger person but it's really really not to anti-age them it's to make them feel or look better in different ways but I really wanted to address that because every once in a while I'll have like a 22-year-old come into my clinic for a cosmetic consultation and they have older friends that are getting Botox or they feel like they really need to be on top of it but if they're really not seeing any lines I really shift their focus more towards preventing sun damage and really taking good care of their skin with skin care rather than procedures my goal with Cosmetics is typically to get away with doing as little as possible for as long as possible on the opposite end of that Spectrum I sometimes have patients come in who have deep etched in lines and that is where Botox isn't going to be particularly helpful if those lines have already become grooves in the face yes Botox at that point will prevent those lines from getting worse but often times the skin is I hate to say like too far gone but it's so damaged and so creased I think of those wrinkles almost like scars no matter how much Botox you're putting in there those deep creases are never going to go away and you might be looking at alternative treatments like Las are resurfacing chemical peels or even sometimes a facelift granted everyone ages differently and everyone has has different external environmental insults that cause them to either prematurely age or age particularly favorably but I would say the average Botox patient starts getting it maybe from their late 20s if they have a very Dynamic face and they're starting to see those etgen lines up to like maybe early 50s if you're really really lucky and then continuing it about every 4 months thereafter makes a lot of sense you can also take a pause in your Botox Journey so I treat a lot of women who are of childbearing age and oftentimes they're getting Botox and then they want to try to get pregnant so they take a little pause for a while and that's totally okay while you have botox injected and it's working for you you're essentially pushing pause on aging and then if you take a break your skin just naturally kind of goes back to how it would be and it's totally fine to pick that Botox back up after you've had your baby if you're thinking about getting BOTOX for the first time typically the first step is to have a cosmetic consultation so that's what I do with my patients if I've never met them before even if they've gotten Botox before I still want to do a cosmetic consultation and sometimes in that visit we are just talking about Botox and sometimes the discussion of Botox happens within the context of a larger consultation where we're talking about all different types of anti-aging and beautification interventions during that consultation is when I'm looking at the Patients features I'm talking to them about their goals I'm listening to them about their budget all of those things are what I'm taking into consideration and then I'm really having a conversation with the patient I feel like a good consultation is not just the practitioner talking at the patient but you guys discussing what bothers you what you'd like to intervene upon what your goals are what your expectations of the treatment are so that you really get something that's tailored to you I also think it's really important that during a consultation you never feel pressured to do anything I say that at the beginning of my consultation with every patient this consultation is about education it's not about getting the procedure and if you want to do something at the end of this consultation that's absolutely fine but it's also okay to take time to think about things if you're getting the vibe from your injector that you need to do something that day or you absolutely have to or you just leave the consultation feeling really bad about yourself to me that might be a sign that they're not the right person to treat you and it's okay to get a second or third opinion even I think it's really good to communicate with your cosmetic practitioner if you've had a good or a bad experience with botox in the past particularly if you've had a bad experience because that educates the injector as to why you might be switching to them it might also let them know what to avoid in you I also think it's an important conversation to have because sometimes I find that a patient has had a bad experience with botox because their expectations of what Botox can achieve are either not realistic or aren't possible and that's really important for me to know ahead of time so that we can pivot the consultation to actually addressing the Cosmetic concern with the right intervention the consultation is also the time when I'm discussing the risks and benefits of the procedure as well as the after care or how to prepare for the procedure if they're coming in at a later date to do it with botox in particular because it's a fairly quick procedure to execute oftentimes on the same day that you do your consultation you can also have your Botox injections done but it's something worth discussing with your injector the other thing that's worth noting about Botox is you don't have to have your whole face botoxed at once it's okay to maybe start with just the area between your brows and sort of work up to more areas it's not uncommon that I have patients that are a little intimidated by Botox even after a consultation which makes a lot of sense it is a medical procedure after all and they want to start small and that's usually okay if I really think that injecting only one of their facial areas with botox is going to unbalance them that's also something we discuss also the cost of the procedure or the fee of the procedure should be discussed during the consultation it should never be the case that you have the procedure done and then find out how much it's going to cost it's also not uncommon for clinics to not discuss fees over the phone for certain things they might give you like a minimum fee for what Botox costs but until you really meet with the injector and have your own personalized consultation sometimes giving a cost breakdown doesn't really make a lot of sense the other thing when it comes to Botox fees that I think is kind of worth talking about because clinics do it differently is whether or not they charge by unit or they charge by area treated and let me tell you what I mean by that certain muscle groups need to be treated with a certain number of Botox units to get them to relax so for example this complex between your brows if you were treating your frown usually takes somewhere between 15 and 25 units so if a clinic is charging you based on units and they charge somewhere between 12 and $30 for a unit you can get a sense of how much that's going to cost different areas of your face will require a different number of units and also the amount of units needed can vary significantly between people I can have someone who only needs 12 units in this area and I can have someone who needs 35 units in that area and so it's also not good practice to compare how many units your friends needed or your mom needed because everyone's different the other way Botox can be charged is based on area that's what we do in my clinic for example where this area just costs a set fee and then if you get a second area done like the forehead or the crow's feet those are distinct cost and some clinics do it that way so that patients don't get hung up on this specific number of units and really they're paying for an end point rather than each individual unit if you're used to paying in units and then you transition to a clinic that charges by area it might feel a little bit weird cuz you don't know exactly what's being injected one you can always ask your practitioner like how many units are you using that's not secret information but I think the idea is that you're just paying for the outcome the same way when you go get your hair done you're not paying for how many inches are cut off or how much dye is used you're paying for the final cut and color so let's say you've done your consultation you've discussed with your injector what areas you want to be treated with botox now let's get into what to expect during the injections themselves first off I should say the procedure is very quick almost universally when I do someone's botox for the first time they go oh that's it that was so fast it's super fast that's why it's often referred to as like a lunchtime procedure because you could go in get BOTOX injected and then go back to kind of your daily life without much disruption so when you're ready to get your Botox you're typically going to be sitting in a chair they're going to clean the skin to start and then they might mark their injection points with some type of marker or pencil this just gives an outline of where they want to go I would say some injectors mark their patients some don't some Mark some of their patients I Mark pretty much all of my new patients and I take a photo of my markings that way if we're really happy with how their injections turn out we can have consistency the next time that they come and if they need a little bit of a tweak we can always reference back to those markings to know what adjustments need to be made but I also have my regulars who really don't need any marking done at all I think regardless if you're marking a patient or if you're not marking a patient the whole guide that we're really using as injectors is how the patient muscles are moving in that moment so even if I have a pattern of an injection that I've used on a patient before if they come in that day and their muscles are moving slightly differently I'm going to make those micro adjustments to make sure their Botox really meets them where they're at in that moment with regard to discomfort associated with the procedure Botox is generally pretty comfortable again this is going to vary based on the techniques used the needle size if you have someone there distracting you a little bit but it's not really standard to have numbing cream applied for Botox very rarely I've had a patient come in and be like what I'm not going to get numbing cream especially if they're new to Botox they just expect that any cosmetic procedure they're going to get numbed for but I find that patients really don't need it it's very very tolerable even if you're not good with needles or not good with pain regarding what Botox feels like I always describe it as like a tiny pinch there are certain areas on the face that are more sensitive like the upper lip and the crow's feet but often times between the brows and on the forehead you hardly feel it and then right after you get injected you're going to have what look almost like little mosquito bites at every point you were injected Botox is that neuromodulator Protein that's suspended in a little bit of liquid that's how you're able to inject it so until that liquid gets absorbed into your body body which usually takes about 5 to 10 minutes you're going to have those mosquito bites and I feel like it's so important that I warn people about that because if I don't and I don't talk to them about it they go out to their car and look in their rear view mirror and are like what did Dr Ellis just do to me so it's really important to understand that for like 10 to 15 minutes after your botox injection you're not going to be looking your best but after that like no one would be able to look at you and know that you had anything done even if they don't apply numbing cream some places might have you apply a little bit of ice before or after your injections but that's not standard and then another question I often get is if I'm getting Botox that day in clinic can I have other cosmetic procedures done like lasers or fillers and my answer to that would be it depends if it's your first or maybe even your second or third time getting Botox I don't recommend doing it on the same day as having other cosmetic procedures because you want to ensure that whatever cosmetic outcome you have good or bad like if you have a side effect that you can attribute it to one thing so if you're just getting Botox you know that if your eyebrows doing something a little off or you don't like something you can attribute it to Botox and there's other variables involved but honestly it's not uncommon for me to do laser and filler and Botox all in the same day for the right patient and sometimes I have people coming from out of town and if they're not new to Botox and I kind of know their face that's okay too so that's kind of the injection part of it let's talk a little bit about after care and what to do after you have a botox injection and honestly I think this is what's going to vary the most between injectors and someone's preferences of how they have you take care of their Botox is not necessarily scientifically founded it might just be like what they're used to saying and I would just communicate with your injector and make sure that you know what their expectations for you are I tell my patients they can generally go about their normal day I ask that they don't do any vigorous exercise for the rest of the day I ask that they don't lay down for a few hours typically I say 4 hours because oftentimes patients are like what do you mean by a few so there's no like standard here but I say 4 hours no horizontal activities I also want to make sure that they're not doing yoga or inversions I want to make sure they're not getting a facial that day or a massage or acupuncture anything that's really man ulating the face because really what we don't want is that Botox moving within the first couple of hours honestly after a couple of hours that Botox is really in there it doesn't matter what you do so the next day you should be able to go back to all of your normal activities so for my patients I tell them they can put on makeup if they want to they can do their normal skin care that evening they can have a glass of wine that night if they want to and for whatever reason a lot of patients ask if they can go on an airplane after Botox and that is also completely okay like you could get BOTOX and then fly out 2 hours later and that's not a big deal there are some side effects associated with botox most commonly being a little bit of achiness or like an awareness of the botox kicking in sometimes people perceive that as a headache so if someone does get a headache after Botox they can take their normal headache medication whether that's ibuprofen or leave or Tylenol to make themselves feel better and that should generally get better over the next couple days if you do get a headache from your Botox I think it's worth bringing up to your injector the next time because sometimes switching the neuromodulator for example if you got disport switching to Botox or Botox switching to disport can prevent a headache in the future and then like I mentioned earlier you get to sit back and wait for the full 2 weeks for your Botox to completely kick in and one thing I should say about Botox kicking in over the twoe period is that it doesn't always kick in evenly for example I find that the glabellar muscles between the Brows tend to kick in a little bit earlier and then the forehead kicks in like at a little bit of a delay and that's important to know and recognize because if you're kicked in here and not here you might think oh it's not even or it's not ready or I'm asymmetrical but give it the full 2 weeks to let it fully set up if I have a new patient who has never gotten Botox before or if they've never had Botox done by me before I generally like to see them back at the 2 to 3 week Mark and it's not a super long appointment it's just sort of a check-in I like to look at their Botox see how they're moving see if they need a tweak sometimes they are super happy with it they're like Dr Ellis this is perfect you're right I should have done this 10 years ago but I see something that I want to adjust because I'm an anal perfectionist but regardless I find that if you're new to Botox sometimes you don't even know what to fully look for and that's why I like to kind of take a step back I also think if you're an injector and you're watching this one of the very very best things you can do especially when you first start injecting is see all of your patients back that kind of feedback is what's going to make you better and better and better and the last thing I'll say about follow-up is you should feel comfortable with your injector and communicating with them I've had so many patients over the years who end up in my office because they've gotten Botox elsewhere and then they're too nervous or intimidated or anxious to go see their injector again so when you are setting yourself up to get BOTOX if you're going to be injected by by someone you really need to kind of take a little look inside and be like do I feel comfortable with this person if I had a question do I feel like they would be receptive to it and all of that goes into having a good Botox treatment having an effective treatment and having good after care so once you've had your consultation gotten your injections had your after care maybe a follow-up you just get to sit back and relax and enjoy the beauty of Botox it's one of those things where it has such a high satisfaction rate I feel like so many patients have come to me over the years being like Oh I'm so nervous for Botox I've been putting it off I've been putting it off and I'm never ever pushy I think you need to be on your own timeline when it comes to doing Cosmetics or deciding not to do Cosmetics but like 10 out of 10 times the patient will come back and be like yeah should have done this sooner it's amazing and then in terms of how long it's going to last in each individual like I mentioned before you kind of have to wait and see so I feel like once you've done your first round of injections it's not a bad idea to set up an appointment for 4 months out so you're on the schedule but if the 4mth mark comes around and your Botox is still going strong it's totally okay to push P it out a month or two also once you've kind of figured out how long Botox lasts in you so for example I know 3 and 1/2 months it's pretty much totally gone in me then you can kind of figure out what your timeline is always going to be and you can have it scheduled ahead of time so that you can always get into the injector that you want so that's sort of what to expect from Botox injections I really hope that this was helpful I'm curious have you ever had Botox before what was your experience tell me in the comments as always thank you so much for watching don't forget to like this video And subscribe to the channel and I'll see you next time oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @wikitrader1 [5 likes]: I started at 53yrs old, I’m the only male guy out of all my friends and family that has done it. I’m so happy with the out come and no hesitation on my next appointment.
  2. @Weeflowerofscotland [4 likes]: Great video! I’m getting my first Botox in my 11 lines and around my eyes at 50 . I’m lucky I don’t have deep lines . Feeling more calm about it now .
  3. @Christinesobsevations [2 likes]: I started Botox for migraines a few weeks ago and wow . The 11 lines  bit in my forehead. Had already made me look less angry . Although it’s painful , worth it .  Also got a little migraine relief . Can’t wait to see how this treatment goes after a years  time
  4. @vivienned1934 [1 likes]: Great video as always❤
  5. @CalebKanuho [1 likes]: Hello Dr. Ellis. Just stumbled across your page. I have to say I no nothing about facial care and hair car. until my late fiance (bf) told me I need to do more to protect myself from the sun and mood wrinkles. I been a avid runner in high school. Never cared of what people thought about me or my appearance. I am native American a life resident of the Navajo nation. I lost my partner on Christmas 2024. Very sad and the pain is still here. But, my partner was a cosmetics and appearance freak. He always told me sunscreen moisturize. I never really committed but tried my best to care for myself. Being a single father of a teenage girl it got more real with her always say dad stop making face your getting wrinkles. It totally shifted my mentality about me. I occasionally smoke and drink. Causing yes dehydration. But, gng through so much stress depression anxiety and life I just kinda forgot about my skin care. Until my daughter criticized me. So now here I am trying to do better go myself. But I can hardly find anything about indigenous/ native American complexions. I been struggling on what I can do to better my facial appearance. Do I do chemical peels or Botox to hide my facial wrinkles, forehead lines, 11 lines (only a 1). And my sun damage as I was so dedicated to sunscreen. Haha. But, no being older and losing my youthful vibe with in me. My skin struggles. Idk what to do.
  6. @Rockketbunny33: How common are side effects? Can you feel the Botox under the skin? Like do you feel anything after the treatment?
  7. @Laura-ey8ns: I get my elements done. It's more than a pinch. I do have a decent tolerance to pain.
  8. @Sarah_Lee_Bread: Thank you for the comprehensive and informative video! I’m going to turn 31 this month and it’s been on my mind the last month. This video helps a lot! ❤
  9. @Crystalx9394: Hi, this is such an informational video. Thank you for this! I'm in my early 30s and I'm seriously considering to get my first Botox injections into my 11th but I am just concerned about how my body would react to it because I'm generally pretty sensitive to a lot of stuff and I'm eczema prone. Do you have any suggestions for patients like me? Words of advice, any particular brand of Botox, where it's made from or should my sensitive body even be a concern?
  10. @Rockusweet: I get to do Botox for the first time in three weeks. I’m learning about it all now. Mine will be used to help reduce migraines AND also hoping it offers some beauty 
enhancement. Insurance covers 400 units, which I am surprise though I do wonder what the rest of the fees could total.
  11. @HelenVars: The side effects listed in the commercials are what scary me about it. Has anyone had any scary side effects like difficulty breathing, swallowing or lethal?
  12. @LorraineYates-o7d: I've been seeing full face botox $149. $4 per.  What about mix with fillers to last longer, what filler products and how much $
  13. @ilhams1496: Est ce que c'est normal d'avoir un relâchement de peau après l'injection au niveau des rides de lion ?
  14. @mohammeds5339: Botox is the best thing
  15. @zhariarose: You lost me at "coke" and "pepsi" not that you care
  16. @adrianwright8685: Symptoms of botulism can include droopy eyelids, double vision and weak facial muscles. Not exactly what people are looking for!!!
  17. @lillydavi4420: Can Botox be watered down where they don’t last 3-4 months? I’m 44 and I had brow lift Botox and it only lasted 2 months. Rummer is this spa are watering down Botox so clients keep going back faster
  18. @Gobby_goblin: Is there any Botox that doesn’t require needles?
  19. @AngelGabriel-u2z: One most disturbing and negative thing I find in your videos that you  are comparing Botox with hair dye that's not relatable at all if dyes ho wrong  you can manage to change but if Botox goes wrong the whole face shape or whole skin can get damage ruined or even paralyzed so as a docter comparing Botox to hair dyes not ok need more responsible comment like if at all it goes wrong as a docter what treatment could be done to correct it or how one can be saved by fake doctors surly that will help people a lot
  20. @bhagyalakshmi8831: What about gym workouts,when is it safe

- Botox Complications: Expert Insights and Solutions #botox #blepharoplastysurgery #browlift: Kind: captions Language: en I get uh a lot of questions or I see it personally or hear from other patients and doctors where patient goes in for Botox in their brow or their forehead and it drops their eyelids and they they hate it and they get mad at the provider so there's couple things to this number one the technique of doing it and where any of these neurotoxins where their place can make a difference but there's one other thing that a lot of people don't realize and that it's time to get your eyelids done okay the situation is that your brow is just descended and you have a lot of extra skin on your eyelids for a lot of people this is when they find out gosh I need a brow lift or I need uh my upper Lids done that can help the situation if you're one of these people that each time you get injected uh with a neurotoxin and you feel that your brow or your Lids are drooping uh it may be time to have eyelid surgery or a brow lift

- Botox and the Death of REAL Acting...: Kind: captions Language: en Botox and filler is ruining cinema and you will not believe just how bad it's gotten. So last week I went to the cinema to watch the new movie Freakier Friday and I have not been able to stop thinking about it since. Not because it was a great movie because it wasn't, but because of how ridiculous Lindsay Lohan's acting was. Her face is so pumped with Botox that her crying scenes looked more like she was severely constipated. And this isn't just a one-off situation. No, Hollywood actors and actresses have become obsessed, and I mean obsessed, with Botox, fillers, and even full-on facial reconstruction. Kate Beckansale, Anne Hathaway, Nicole Kidman, if you can name them, chances are they've been injected, plumped, or frozen into oblivion. I mean, it's gotten to the point where watching a film feels more like watching wax works come to life. These faces don't move. They literally can't move, and it is so unsettling to watch. You can't sell heartbreak with eyebrows that haven't moved since 2019. You can't convincingly act scared or angry when your face is frozen solid. It completely goes against everything that acting is. And I genuinely can't understand how it's allowed. But this is just becoming more and more common to the point where I struggle to think of any actress above the age of 25 who hasn't had work done. And do you want to know what the scariest part of all of this is? How eerily similar they're all starting to look. It's the same frozen forehead, the same inflated lips, the same white teeth. It's like they all went to the same surgeon with Face Tune as their inspiration. And there's probably so many people out there right now who thinks I'm just exaggerating, right? But that is exactly the problem. We've gotten so used to seeing the exact same face in every single film that we haven't noticed how extreme it's gotten. When you look back at films 15 years ago, it's like a different world and it is so shocking to see. For example, last night I watched Super Bad for the very first time. And yes, I know what you're probably thinking. How has it taken me 17 years to watch it? I don't know, but that's besides the point. The whole time I was watching, I couldn't stop staring at Michael Sarah's love interest. For some reason, she just stood out to me so much and I couldn't figure out why. And then it hit me. It's because she just looked like a normal person. She had thin lips, unique teeth, and a forehead that actually moved. She just looked like your regular girl next door. And for some reason, that felt almost strange to see on screen. Because let's be honest, if that movie was made today, that role would 100% go to someone like Kaia Gerber. Even Emma Stone in the movie was almost unrecognizable just because of how normal she looked, which was a huge shock considering how different she's been looking recently. Seriously, these don't even look like the same person, and it is so sad to see. I miss real faces. faces that moved, wrinkled, and felt undeniably human. But those real faces are going extinct because now we're stuck with seeing 2025 Instagram faces in 18th century period dramas. It's actually diabolical. Ladies and gentlemen, we are now witnessing the death of immersion in cinema. And I don't think people realize just how extreme it's gotten in such a short amount of time. So strap yourselves in, take a deep breath as we dive in to how Botox is ruining the future of cinema. [Music] The epidemic of Botox and Villa has taken Hollywood by storm and is spreading faster than Corona virus in 2020. Of course, these procedures have been around for the longest time, but there is just something different about them now compared to how they used to be. 20 years ago, if someone was to mention to you a celebrity who had plastic surgery, the first thing that would come to mind was botched. And you know exactly what I'm talking about. The Donatella Versace, the Mickey Rocks. For some reason, every time one of these celebrities would get plastic surgery, it would always leave them with this horror movie type face that would literally terrify me. Flash forward to now, where the past 5 years feel more like a hundred with how far we've come with the progression of technology. We've gone from that terrible looking AI video of Will Smith eating spaghetti in 2023 to now being able to make the exact same video look insanely realistic and in a matter of seconds. It's gone to the point where even I'm getting tricked by AI videos and I never thought that would happen to me. That video of the bunnies jumping on the trampoline really got me for some reason. Anyway, my point is everyone always talks about the progression of technology in recent years, but not many people talk about the progression of other things such as plastic surgery. Over the past few months, there has been an alarming amount of stars who have crawled out of their cave looking like they've just taken a drink out of the fountain of youth. Just look at Christina Aguilera. I mean, she literally looks like she stepped out of a time machine. It is unbelievable. And she is not alone. In fact, there is an alarming amount of celebrities who have joined in on this trend. people such as Chris Jenner, Nicole Kidman, Gwennneth Paltro, Lindsay Lohan. At this point, the list is endless. So, naturally, this really shocked me, as well as probably everyone else watching this video. So, I decided to do some research to find out what this procedure is called, and it's called a derma plane facelift, which is basically just a normal facelift, but literally on steroids. So, in a normal facelift, they usually just take the skin and pull it back, giving that crazy kind of look. But in a dermiplane facelift, they take the skin as well as the fat and everything else underneath it, the muscle, and just pull it all back together, which gives it this smoother type of look. But it just reminds me of that scene in The Office where Dwight is freaking everyone out by wearing that creepy mask because that's exactly what this is. You're basically just reattaching your own face as a mask. But despite how genuinely terrifying this sounds, these A-list stars were the first ones in line. Let's take a look at Anne Hatheraway, who hasn't specifically said that she's had any work done. But come on, even Stevie Wonder could clock that she's had one of those facelifts. I mean, she practically looks vacuum sealed. Dei Moore, who recently starred in The Substance, ironically looks like she's taken the substance because in what world is this a 62year-old? Of course, these facelifts are constantly topped up with Botox and fillers. I mean, what's next? Are they going to start injecting fish sperm into their faces? Oh, wait, no, they actually are injecting fish sperm into their faces. More specifically, salmon sperm. I don't know if that makes it any better. Probably not. Can you imagine being sat next to one of them on a hot day? Who are we? You'd be stinking a fish. And sure, there is nothing wrong with wanting to look younger. And I think a lot of them look kind of good in a five nights at madam two swords kind of way. But it's their body their choice, right? However, I strongly believe that Botox should be illegal when it comes to acting. And there is a very good reason why. You see, acting isn't about looking perfect. It's about movement. More specifically, it's about micro expressions. Microexpressions are the tiny blink and you'll miss it facial cues that our brains are literally wired to recognize. It's the tiny eyebrow twitch before someone lies. It's the skin bunching around the eyes when a smile is real. It's the forehead wrinkle when someone's trying not to cry. And the wild part is we use these micro expressions every day without even thinking about it. You can tell when your friend's upset before they've even said a word or when they're stuck talking to a creepy guy at a party and they want you to save them. We're tuned into these signals constantly in real life. So when we watch a movie, our brains are doing the exact same thing. For example, it's like when a character says, "I'm fine." But you can just tell from their face that they are lying out of their But that's exactly what makes a movie feel so real and powerful. As legendary director Alfred Hitchcock once said, "The greatest special effect is a closeup of the human face." Flash forward to now, and that special effect is basically useless since majority of the Hollywood faces literally can't move. >> I am very upset about this. You don't look upset. Oh, it's the Botox. >> The problem is Botox freezes the very tool that makes acting so powerful. Without micro expressions, characters stop feeling human, leading us to get that uncanny valley feeling when watching certain performances. Nicole Kidman for me is hands down one of the worst offenders of this because you cannot tell what type of emotion she's trying to portray. So, I recently watched The Perfect Couple on Netflix, and there was this huge scene at the end when Nicole does this intense dramatic monologue, but all I could think about was if you watched this scene without the sound on, you would have no idea what type of mood she's in. Is she happy, confused, or watching someone get hit by a car? It could genuinely be either one of these. Every time I see her projects, I just get subconsciously pulled out of the story because all I can think about is why doesn't her face move like a normal human being. Now, some people may argue that some of the best acting performances are more stoic and carry more of a blank serious face, like Anthony Hopkins in Silence of the Lambs, but I argue that there is no such thing as a neutral face in acting or in real life. Even when someone looks blank, their face is constantly making tiny adjustments as they process what they're thinking or feeling. And those little adjustments are what makes a face feel alive. The most perfect example of what I'm trying to say is Tommy Lee Jones in No Country for Old Men. On the surface, his face barely moves, but it isn't blank. The tiniest shifts in his eyes, the slow exhale, the slight tension in his jaw. They quietly carry all the grief and exhaustion of his character. His wrinkles also play a part of his character and they make us automatically believe that he is a man who has seen a lot in his life. Now imagine if he showed up on set with a freshly frozen, still face. The role wouldn't have hit the same at all. I mean, the movie is literally called No Country for Old Men. him being the old man. So, no, the stillness in his acting isn't empty and blank. It's alive and breathing, and that's exactly what you lose when a face is frozen. Directors have been complaining about Botox for years, telling actors to stay far, far away. Back in 2003, Martin Scorsesei complained about how so many actresses have had Botox now that it's hard to find one who can express emotion non-verbbally or who can actually look angry. Well, I bet Scorsesei is absolutely livid right now because flash forward two decades later and things have just gotten so much worse. We're not just talking about aging movie stars trying to look younger. We're talking about actors in their 20s and 30s filling their face with Botox the second they see a wrinkle. And listen, you can do whatever you want to your body, but when you're an actor, this just becomes so distracting. Watching Ariana Grande in Wicked was genuinely a challenge for me because the whole time I just couldn't stop fixating on her frozen forehead. She just looks like she's in a constant state of shock the entire time. It's the same with Sophia Carson, who has been all over Netflix recently. Her face genuinely doesn't move and it's become so unbearable to watch. I'm not joking when I say that Netflix should be handing out compensation for the people who watched my Oxford year because that is two hours of my life I am never getting back. But what's interesting is that I found that because Botox is literally unavoidable in Hollywood now, it's actually changed the way that movies are being filmed and edited. So, of course, I mentioned before about how important micro expressions are in film and how they can carry an entire scene without anyone even saying a word. Your eyes pick up these expressions and your brain fills in the blanks. That's how movies have always worked. They show you rather than tell you. But because Hollywood faces don't move anymore, directors don't have that option. They can't rely on a close-up to tell the story, so everything else has to overcompensate. They pump up the sad music. They add in cutaway shots to fill in the blanks. And most annoyingly of all, they spell out everything for you in the dialogue. Remember the iconic phrase, show don't tell? Well, in modern movies, there is only overtell because otherwise half the performances just look like someone trying to push out a fart. But if you think this stops with Botox, then you are sadly sadly mistaken because Botox was just the beginning, okay? This has levels. So, of course, you've got your classic surgeries such as lip filler, nose jobs, and Botox. But recently, we've started to see the rise of a whole new bunch of facial cosmetic procedures such as eyelid removals, foxey lifts, and a little something called preventative Botox. Yeah, I'm not joking when I say that it is now a trend for women, young women, to get Botox before they've even gotten a single wrinkle. Hollywood is literally the only place where people start anti-aging before they've even finished puberty. But I think the most heartbreaking one for me is a surgery called buckle fat removal, which is where they remove the fat from your cheeks, giving you this skeleton-like gaunt look. No, seriously, why am I able to see the outline of your skull? All jokes aside, the reason why this surgery just breaks my heart is because it truly just shows the erasia of individuality. Everyone is chasing the exact same sharp jawline, the same gaunt cheeks, and the same Instagram model look. And the result is that all of these actresses end up looking identical. It's like Hollywood and society has decided that there is only one acceptable face now, so everybody is just copy and pasting it. But let's think back for a second to classic films or even movies from 30 to 40 years ago. All the actresses used to stand out and look unique from one another. You had, say, a Barbara Stryisan with her distinctive nose, a Sher with her strong features, a Julia Roberts with her big smile and expressive lines, a Winona Ryder with her unique elf-like face. They actually looked different from one another. And I think that's what a lot of people seem to forget. Fast forward to now, and it's like the goal is to erase any quirks or imperfections in their face, all to have the exact same look. And you know exactly what look I'm talking about. I want to quickly talk about Aaron Morotti who played Starlight in the show The Boys. Now, if you've watched the show, you would know that her face drastically changed throughout the seasons. Aaron started the show when she was just 25 years old and was known for having this beautiful babyface youthful look. She was adored by fans and was an absolute standout in the show. But when season 3 came along, fans were shocked to see her drastic facial transformation. Her lips are filled. She's had the fat removed from her cheeks. Her eyebrows are lifted. She's had a nose job. I mean, it literally looks like she's aged about 20 years when in reality, it's only been about 3 years. It is just devastating to think that someone so beautiful could feel like they needed to change everything about themselves. I mean, it's literally like watching an angel lose their wings. I know that sounds so dramatic, but it's true. But I want to make sure that I don't blame the actor in this situation because the amount of pressure that they are under is just unbelievably brutal. These actors don't just wake up one day thinking, "Hey, yeah, I want to change my entire face." They're told directly or even indirectly that their unique features or even just normal signs of aging will cost them jobs. So, they cave in and conform to these new standards in the hopes that it will save their career. And sometimes this actually causes them to lose work because now not only can they not emote properly, but they just blend into the sea of actors with the exact same face. And this type of face is so common that it actually has its own name. The iPhone face. The iPhone face describes a person who just looks unmistakably like a product of the 21st century. Someone whose face has clearly been touched by modern beauty standards, technology, and trends. Basically, someone who just looks like they've seen an iPhone. Now imagine this. You're watching a movie set in the 18th century with beautiful costumes, music, and scenery. You just feel completely sucked into this world, but then suddenly someone with an iPhone face pops up onto screen and now the only thing you're thinking about is since when was lip filler and Botox around in the 1800s. Do you see the problem here? Because I definitely do. In Emily Bronte's classic novel, Wthering Heights, she describes her lead female character, Katherine Ernshaw, as having features too marked and picturesque to be considered pretty. So, tell me why in the new movie adaptation they turn around and cast Margo Robbie. Sorry, Catherine is supposed to be wild, untamed, and definitely not look like someone who just finished a Tik Tok makeup tutorial. Just look at the leaked pictures from set. In what world is she supposed to be portraying an 18-year-old in the 18th century? Emily Bronty's novel is all about class differences and being an outsider. The character isn't meant to embody conventional beauty standards. What makes her magnetic is her wild energy. When you cast someone who fits today's polished Instagram ready standards, you lose that rawness. But things get even more wild when we look at the recent Netflix adaptation of Jane Austin's Persuasion starring Dakota Johnson and set in the early 1800s. Now, there is a number of reasons why this adaptation was a crime against humanity, such as Dakota's character calling her love interest a 10, and another character calls herself an empath. But anyway, I am just going to focus on Dakota's look in this adaptation because oh boy does she stand out and not in a good way. Firstly, Dakota is gorgeous and actually relatively natural looking by today's Hollywood standards. But her features are just far too modern to fit in this time period. The Botox, the chiseled face, and especially her bangs, which don't fit into that era. In fact, in the 1800s, if you walked around with your hair like that, it would not only destroy yours, but your family's reputation, which is crazy, but historically accurate. And these aren't just one-off things, okay? Just look at Michelle Randolph in 1923, fullon Instagram face in a period drama. Oh, and Addison Timlin in American Horror Story set in the 1700s. Are you actually kidding me? Even shows set in more recent times still have this issue. Just look at the cast of Daisy Jones and the Six, which was set in the 1970s. I mean, she literally looks like she knows what Pinterest is. There are a ton of actresses who can fit into period dramas just perfectly. Someone for me who is a standout is Sers Ronin. I feel like she just looks like she exists in the time periods that she plays. She just has such a timetraveling face, if that makes sense. But for the rest of them, they just don't look like they fit into those time periods. And whilst I do believe that a lot of that comes down to those cosmetic procedures, I also think that we can pass some of the blame to the hair and makeup teams on set because sometimes I just don't know what they're thinking. Just look at the show Bridgeten, okay, which when it aired was praised for how natural and fitting the characters looked. In season 1, Daphne and the rest of the cast had super soft, light makeup, which actually fit into the early 1800s vibe that the show was supposed to have. It made sense. It felt real and authentic. But in season 3, well, that's a whole different story. The makeup was just way too modern for a period drama. I mean, we're talking about smokeoky eyes, contour, fake lashes, and even what looks like acrylic nails. I'm sorry, but if you showed me this picture out of context, I would genuinely think that you were showing me someone's finished prom makeup that they posted on Instagram. But you're trying to tell me this is set in 1815 London. There is just absolutely no way. Now, to be fair, Bridgetton has never strictly been historically accurate, and that's a part of the fun of the show. However, I still do stand by my point, and that is that it just completely breaks the immersion for me. It's the same story when I look at Timothy Shalamé's hair in the movie The King. Can someone please tell me why a king from the 15th century has a low taper fade? Anyone? No. Okay. The bottom line is when an actor's appearance is screaming 2025, I cannot accept them as a character from the 1800s or the 1900s or even 1980. And yes, I know that this sounds like a little bit of a rant, but guys, you just have to understand how passionate I am about movies pulling me into their world. I want to get lost in a film's reality, and period dramas are so good at immersing you in their story. But the second I see one of those modern faces, I am pulled straight back onto my couch. Now, at this point, you're probably thinking, "Yes, you convinced me that Botox and fillers are ruining acting and breaking immersion. But why do actors just keep getting them? If it's so obviously harmful to their craft, then why is it getting worse every year?" Well, here is the twisted irony. Because as much as I'm against actors getting Botox and fillers and anything done to their face, I can understand why they do it. Hollywood is absolutely brutal, especially to women when it comes to looks and age. The phrase pressure to look a certain way is an understatement because it's more like an unspoken requirement in Hollywood. So, let's break down why exactly this is. And firstly, I want to start off with Hollywood's agism problem. Since the beginning of Hollywood, actresses have faced the harsh reality that their career opportunities dip dramatically when they hit their late 30s and 40s. Actress Key Halls pointed out how now in her late 40s, she's only really getting cast as stereotypical retired or aging characters. Meanwhile, her male peers of the same age still play action heroes and romantic leads opposite women 15 years younger. I mean, it is actually insane. Obviously, there is always going to be a few outliers in this situation. So, before you comment it, yes, I am aware, but I'm just saying that this is the case for the majority of women. But there is no denying the fact that older male actors get treated so differently compared to older female actors. Males are allowed to have saggy faces, gray hair, deep wrinkles on their face, and basically get iconic lead acting roles thrown at them. But women, one wrinkle and a cast scene director is like, "Okay, yeah, let's give her the role of the grandma." So, what do many actresses do by the time they hit 35? They panic. In comes the Botox, the fillers, the face lifts, the fish sperm. And if you think I'm being dramatic, may I remind you of the 20-year-olds getting preventative Botox. I'm not being overdramatic here. And let me just say that it's not only women that this affects. While the pressure is the most intense for women, even men in Hollywood have started to join in with getting work done. The main ones right now being Ryan Gosling and Brad Pitt. But let me be clear here because there is a big difference. For men, it almost feels like it's their own choice, but for women, it feels like it's an expectation if they want to keep working. So, of course, the agism plays a factor, but also things like social media pressure and highdefinition cameras play a much bigger role than people think. There is literally no escaping this pressure to maintain a perfect image, and sometimes people take it way too far. Courtney Cox recently admitted that she fell so hard into this trap. She's been open about the fact how she got a ton of fillers in an effort to stay young because she thought that's what she had to do. She said that she kept getting a little more and a little more, thinking that she looked okay until one day she realized that she didn't recognize herself. And to this day, she regrets it so deeply. Now, I want to make it clear that I'm not saying all of this to justify it. I just wish that this pressure didn't exist. But in saying that, there are some fantastic examples of actresses who have refused to conform to these beauty standards who I just I just love them so much. Kate Winslett literally said that she refuses to give in because as an actress, her job is to not freeze her expressions. Emma Thompson hilariously called the obsession with looking young absolutely mad and she said that she's not fiddling about with herself to appease that. Francis McDorman openly said that she has not and will never mutate herself in any way and that her partner literally has to stop her physically from saying something to other people to friends who've had work done. She continued by saying that she's so full of fear and rage about what people have done to themselves. These women are just heroes in my book. And guess what? They're still winning awards, getting lead roles, which is solid proof that you can still age and kick butt in Hollywood, as rare as it seems. So, yes, I think it's an incredibly difficult position to be in, and I don't blame anyone for doing what they do. On one hand, there's this insane pressure to stay young forever. But on the other, the second you start getting Botox, you're freezing the very thing that makes you a good actress in the first place. So, how do we change this? Well, in my opinion, I think that we should start writing better roles for women of all ages so they don't feel this pressure to look 25 at 45. We need to celebrate character in faces and bring back individuality on our screens. And as viewers, we can be a part of the change by not feeding into the toxic aegis commentary and by supporting films that embrace a natural cast. But if things don't change, then well, I'll still be here ranting about it in my video essays for one, but maybe I should start a campaign that says you can only be eligible for an Oscar if you can prove that you can move your forehead. I think that's a great idea. In conclusion, I think that Botox and fillers are doing incredible harm to the art of film making. It's robbing us of the nuance performances we could have had. It's making films less immersive and it's erasing the diversity of human faces we used to see on the screen. We need actors that are allowed to look human so that they can make us feel human emotions when we watch them. But that, ladies and gentlemen, is the end of my very passionate rant. Thank you so much for watching. Comment down below your opinion on this video on Botox and film and if you agree or disagree with what I was saying. And if you made it this far, comment the word blockbuster so I can see the people who clearly love film as much as I do. Please don't forget to like and subscribe, and I will see you in my next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mogs.W [1 likes]: Maisie Williams has such a beautiful distinctive face, it would be such a shame if she went down the cosmetic route.  The same goes with Ruth Wilson, Anna Maxwell Martin, Olivia Coleman, Nicole Walker & Lesley Manville.
  2. @I_watch_no_ads: Starlight ruined The Boys with rubbaface.
  3. @4amlibra: 09:54 this needed a jump scare warning, my god
  4. @NA.1995.: i totally agree! thank you!
  5. @kalamaki77: Blockbuster btw)
  6. @kalamaki77: Somehow the Swan Lake on the background is so satisfying 😊
  7. @sarahfranco6802: 6:58, 7:52, 8:00, 8:58, 12:10, 13:15
  8. @downiestreahl469: I love your content.  I"d like to point out that men have for a very long time wanted younger women and once thier wife gets"old" they get thrown away for the younger version.  Possibly women in holywood also do this becuase their crummy partners ie Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban, the women know that their men are going to throw them away so staying young looking is a fear response to not being abandoned by your partner or society who only values women for looks and viability.  Wisdom and character which takes years to acquire are not really ok in women.  It's been vilified even to the point of burning these women as witches.  Many men are obsessed with youth.  And further these men's masculinity is also measured by their sexual prowess.  Hopefully this trend will chnage with women dating younger men now as peole see the value of wisdom and character or just not throwing away the person of your youth for superficial reason.  Ultimately it's all based in the fear of rejection and abandonment.  I too have struggled with this.  And unfortuanately entertainment is also visual.  So they get away with it.  Ultimately it's all coming from the. Patriarchy.  I think youd like the content of the "Breaking Down Patriarchy" podcast.  There is real fear in women not being chosen.
  9. @Lol-wk18: I will just keep rewatching old movies instead 🙂
  10. @beatlephan: I really do hope more and more young people will refuse to butcher their faces when they get older. Being real is everything. These people didn't even give chance to themselves to see their natural older faces. Getting old must be terrifying for them.
  11. @RunawayReptarNuggies: Charlize Theron I feel has natural beauty still.
  12. @wonderlanddreamer1021: I was watching a movie with Dafne Keen that came out this year, and I was shocked with how much she was already looking like another Hollywood actress clone. The only saving grace were her teeth, she has such individual teeth that I couldn't stop looking at the because everything else was just bland. I fear that in a few years those teeth will have been changed too.
  13. @Cainb23: yea.. judgmental heroes lmao.. right
  14. @OtherChannel98-sy5: I was writing on something like this about how horror movies don't feel scary anymore, only a select few, and one section I focused on was the facial expressions. I chose 3 actresses: Sissy Spacek (Carrie), Shelley Duval (The Shining), and Felissa Rose (Sleepaway Camp). Those 3 specifically had so much emotion in their faces that everything else in their films felt like background. The absolute terror in Shelley's face while being at The Overlook, Sissy's blank, big-eyed state during the prom scene, and the iconic ending of Felissa in Sleepaway Camp. Now, it's like you said, I can barely tell who is happy, sad, scared, or what, and because of that...I feel nothing.
  15. @randomness9387: I'll admit when watching series 5 of Stranger Things, I found Millie Bobby Brown so difficult to watch. She's barely out of her teens and she can barely move her face, and her top lip was horrendously distracting and it's really sad to see. But you're right, these weird frozen faces really ruin the immersion.
  16. @agr8tyme: They have to if they are going to get the acting jobs. And you are young and cute. You don’t get the pressure.
  17. @Syndee_369: 9:54 😂
  18. @hibahshaikh: blockbuster
  19. @IamSomeone_1991: what you said about the fish sperm was idiotic. Is not like they make the fish masturbates in the artist face or anything.
The substance that applied "inside" of the skin is "isolated from" salmon sperm. but it is isolated purified, is a chemical called PDRN, and is showing to be very promising in helping skin rejuvenation. 
If the artist is smelling it ain't because of that.
  20. @haanis5458: I recently started watching the american version of The Office. Had never seen it before in my life and it is a blast. But one thing that hit me while watching the show was how weird it was to watch an american show where the female lead was not pretty in an unnatural statue kind of way, but in a real and cute way. Pam looks like a pretty girl you could meet out in the city. And not like a super model that needs the perfect lighting to look good

- How Botox Works | Plastic Surgeon Explains: Kind: captions Language: en so Botox is botulinum toxin and how it works is every muscle has a nerve that sends a signal for that muscle to kind of fire and contract and be activated and Botox Works in that space where the nerve and the muscle are interacting and it prevents the nerve from sending that signal to fire that muscle and what it does is it relaxes that muscle and prevents those fine lines and wrinkles over time so the process of Botox is not complicated if you go to a trained professional for me personally I like like to evaluate the patient oneon-one face to face we go over Troublesome areas you know Fine Lines fine wrinkles that might be bothering the patient you know I show them the mirror I have them activate their muscles and whatever areas are bothering them talk about them one by one and we attack those one by one so when the muscles are activated what they do is they contract and so these are muscles of facial expression that we use every day and over time when you kind of over animate your face it can create little fine lines and wrinkles in the skin and Botox what it does is it relaxes those muscles to prevent those fine lines and wrinkles from forming anytime you have a facial expression you know whether you're smiling or frowning you know these are kind of common normal facial expressions the muscle of the facial expressions they contract and what they do is they can kind of tug on the skin and over time they create little fine lines and wrinkles and Botox targets these little muscles to prevent them from Contracting allowing them to relax and prevent those little fine lines and wrinkles from forming on the skin

  Top Comments:
  1. @bestsolution5608: Nice to know. Thank you Dr. Burko

- Should I get botox?: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys I am here to talk to you today because I might be doing a thing I'm kind of scared and kind of excited so here's what happened I entered a giveaway by a local blogger and friend and I won which is exciting except for the thing that I won I'm not sure I want to do it Botox I won a Botox treatment and I don't know why I entered I guess I'm kind of curious about it and it's not something I would spend money to do but now that I've won it I'm faced with the decision of do I do it or not so I guess I'm kind of looking for advice I've asked some friends and family and I've gotten a lot of mixed reactions and it's kind of how I'm feeling I'm leaning towards doing it if you go to a reputable place and a good dermatologist doctor I think the risks are minimal I'm still scared they're like gonna inject stuff poison or whatever it is to paralyze the muscles that make the wrinkles and the main ones that I always think about our might like crow's feet because if you know me personally or if you follow us on the blog and YouTube I'm pretty animated my face I'm a lot of smiles and Woo's and also years of not wearing sunblock and sunglasses and and all of that I've got like major crow's feet which don't really bother me but if I'm gonna do some Botox I'm thinking that's where I'm gonna do it ah I'm also starting to get some lines up here oh and the thing you hear is that you got to start or you should you can some people start the Botox before you get the wrinkles and then you never get the wrinkles or that's the idea because the muscles can't really make the wrinkles but I don't know like you hear the horror stories of people being kind of frozen and they're like I'm so angry at you put away your socks like and you can't even you can't smile or show any kind of emotion but I think that's you know when you go overboard I'm pretty sure a good doctor is not gonna like pump you so full of stuff that you can't show emotion right um so I think I'm gonna do it guys I think I'm gonna do it I've got an appointment in mid-october and if I do it I'm going to bring you along to the appointment and film everything that they let me I'm scared excited and scared so apparently it takes like up to a week for the full effects and then it lasts for four to six months my friend Nicole over at mom Trends showed me her blog I'll link it below about her experience she's been going for a long time and has only had I think one or two minor side effects like unevenness I think she gets in their forehead I think she said and once or twice it was a little uneven but she just went back and they fixed it real quick so I think there are no long-term side effects as far as I've seen I'm gonna say hey guys just you know just do a little bit I'm a newbie and I'm scared but my other concern is I feel like Botox is kind of the gateway of the procedures so to speak maybe you get it once and you really like it and then you start you know you do the maintenance so you go two to three times a year which you know if you say it's 500 bucks per treatment and you're gonna go twice a year so that comes down to like a hundred bucks a month which is like three dollars a day from doing the math right which is like a cup of Starbucks a day so it's really not a huge splurge really if you break it down that way but then you get hooked on Botox and you're going to three times a year for that and I'm probably you're like increasing the places that you're putting it so you start just a little bit here and then you're like next time let's also do a little bit here and then let's do a little bit here then as you're seeing them maybe they're suggesting other things you can get done and it just kind of like expands and then you're like well now I need a brow lift and then I need some my lips bigger and hey when does it stop I guess for some people that just like get addicted to the all the changes and making themselves look or feel better I guess but I'm not really concerned that's gonna happen to me I think I'm just gonna get it once and I'm so stingy guys I'm so stingy I don't think I will ever be able to pay for this even if I love the results I'm just yet I don't think it's something I would pay for I'd rather spend that money on my kids vacations vacations really that's what we spend most our money on our house and vacations so anyway that's how I'm feeling about it this thing that I might do called boat odds do you get Botox have you thought about it have you had any other elective procedures done what do you think have you had any friends with a really horrible side effects that you want to warn me about or or say go for it Heather check back in I guess in about a month I will be posting that video if I go through with it be sure to LIKE and subscribe and follow and all that good stuff and thanks for watching and see you around guys bye

- MUSCLE ANATOMY: How to avoid side effects & maximise Botox efficiency [Aesthetics Mastery Show]: Kind: captions Language: en so corrugated supercelli is a muscle that runs from the periosteum medially all the way up through all the different layers through the fat pads and then touches the dermis on the far lateral point welcome to the ascetics mastery show i'm dr tim pierce hi i'm miranda pierce and today we're talking about muscles of the face so i really want to share some of my understanding so that you can become a better injector make better decisions explain things better to your patients and we're starting today with the upper face so what do injectors need to know about the muscles of the upper face so before we dive in give us a like if you have faith you're going to learn something from us today it means a lot thank you well the first thing about the upper face involving the frontalis muscle is the frontalis muscle is probably the hardest area to treat when you first start injecting now like anything if you're super experienced it might be easy but in the beginning the first 18 months or so of injecting um it's the area that confuses the most number of people and there's a number of reason for it for this um one is that it's highly variable not just in terms of the anatomy between individuals there are really really big differences some people have small foreheads that is so cool some people have long foreheads you get muscles that look like two separate plates and muscles that look like just one plate um you get in men for example the frontalis muscle often goes right up higher into the beyond the hairline or where the hairline should be but it recedes but you you can see it's a different shape in men and you also are going for different results so if you think about the difference between a man and a woman in terms of the aesthetic result you might go for and with usually you're trying to lift eyebrows and women you're trying to create a nice feminine arch but if you create feminine arch in a man it looks a bit sinister unfortunately or just a bit weird you know there's something odd about it um gary glitter you know joseph fritzel those guys don't look so warm and cuddly and they've got very arched eyebrows and there's something about that so um we need to we have different aesthetic goals for different patients but also wildly different anatomy between patients and you need to learn a set of principles that allow you to treat any forehead not a set a a simple injection pattern that someone tells you you can apply to any forehead that you come across because that is simply never going to work is it a common area to get side effects well yes well not only is it highly variable but that's one of the reasons why side effects are a bit more common which is that we we're going for these different outcomes and for example if you did a more masculine treatment pattern you might get no lines on the forehead but you're going to drop a female's eyes and they would call that a side effect you know i've got a brow ptosis um so that's that's one of the reasons it's tricky but the the other key thing about the frontalis muscle is that we're always trying to only partially treat it there are very few people that you completely obliterate the whole muscle with so there's always some movement and that some movement is required to support the eyebrows and if you over treat the middle you get a medial brow ptosis and a lateral brow lift that's spot brow if you over treat laterally in theory you can lose the arch of the eyebrow and still have movement in the middle and look a bit sad um if you over treat the whole lot you just look very tired as your eyebrows are settled and you actually cause something in the wrong patient if you've got the type of skin that rolls straight from the forehead all the way onto the onto the eyelids you can you can almost look like the bilateral brow eyelid ptosis even though if you look carefully it's not so plenty of side effects um in terms of aesthetic complications and they all come from using a blanket approach either too much toxin on everyone or the same injection pattern on everyone that you meet and that's why these new answers of how to decide how much and where to place product make a big difference but to do that you've got to understand the underlying muscle so what's your best tip for treating the frontalis the first thing is you've got to assess each patient individually and you've got to start by putting the areas where you don't want to inject that's probably the easiest way not to mess up is to is to start out by deciding where you aren't going to inject and that normally makes it much easier to decide where you are going to inject we actually have a great download on this which you can get in the link down below um but essentially it's that safety margin lower down so you don't cause a brow ptosis about two centimeters from the orbital rim and that should prevent most heaviness it's more complex than that so do get the download um and um that that's that's step one you also want to decide way it's going to be a waste so if there's an aponeurosis there and you can see there's no muscle don't waste your toxin injecting there by the time you've drawn on all the areas where you don't want to inject there's usually a relatively small area where you do want to inject and that makes things a lot easier the second really important thing i suggest you do is think about your treatments as a journey don't don't you don't have to listen to anyone who says it's all to be done in one session i mean you can get to that point when you've been injecting the same patient for two or three cycles you'll know exactly where to inject that patient and you shouldn't be following them up every single time but on the first time you meet a new patient if they're particularly if there's something atypical about their forehead expect to do it in stages and if you're going to do it in stages the first step is you make your best guess but you leave room for adding more improving your results because if you try and get it all right in one you're a bit more likely to cause an over treatment so that's loss of an eyebrow arch or a ptosis and there's just fewer options at that point it's better if you leave room for a top-up than if you're trying to then correct a side effect because you tried to do all in one go in your first treatment so think of your treatment with your first client as a journey not a single treatment with a destination so what's the next most important muscle in the upper face so upper phase treatment uh once you've treated your horizontal forehead lines it's probably the elevenses caused by your corrugator muscle so the corrugator supercilia is the next most important muscle so what do injectors need to know it's really important to understand the anatomy of these muscles because they directly inform how you would how you would inject all the way up through all the different so once you understand that root of the that really should directly inform how you inject and that's one way to minimize your side effects to maximize your product efficiency is that you inject deeper medially getting more superficial as you get to the lateral part of the brow so fewer side effects more efficiency and it's a great way to inject so when you say side effects do you mean eyelid ptosis yeah it's probably injecting the corrugator that's responsible for most of the cases of eyelid ptosis and the reason for that is as you get more lateral um when you're injecting toxin you're also closer to the super trochlear foramen so there's an artery and a nerve that runs through the septum and in theory if you're placing toxin right near there that might be where the toxin is getting in relaxing the levator pulpree muscle which is your eyelid muscle and causing a ptosis so the great thing about knowing the anatomy is that as you get closer to that more high risk point you're actually can inject more superficially still get a better result but you're also you've at least got a fat pad in between you and that foramen and that's going to reduce the chance of nylotosis so knowing the anatomy directly reduces risk in theory anything else interesting about the corrugators um it's also probably worth knowing about the vectors so vectors in the face is it's a key thing to understand about toxin in general but corrugators often have a very different vector in different people so some people if you ask them to frown they're relatively flat so the muscle just squeezes like that whereas other people might have quite a strong downward vector and that can just affect um whether or not you should treat it when you're treating the frontalis for example my frown is coming back at the moment what would you do if you were treating my friend well yes we're still in lockdown in the uk and we're paying our own price and so um what would i do with it your frown is actually very very symmetrical and you're not too particular no not too downwards so you you're not pulling your eyebrows down heavily and a relatively small process muscle as well which we're going to touch on next um there's nothing complex about it you'd probably just have a standard dose you could probably do slightly less than standard because your procerus is not very strong maybe 18 units something like that have i got full movement back 95 percent september the 16th was when i last had my photos corrugators should you always treat when you're treating the frontalis so the rule of thumb is always treat the two together but the reality is you know like with any rule of thumb there are occasions when you don't actually need to and it's all about understanding this vector and you will meet patients who basically don't have much of a corrugator they're not big frowners and if they if you do force them to frown they don't have a downward pull on their vector on on that muscle so the reason we normally recommend treating the frontalis muscle with the corrugator or the corrugator with the frontalis is because of this downward vector if you just treat the frontalis which normally lifts the muscle up and you leave the corrugator untreated they can end up with a much scarier so i've had this i learned through experience because if the patient comes back and it's often with the complaint of something like my partner thinks i'm cross when i'm not and that's because your little downward interested look suddenly looks like the look of thunder because you're pulling really down and and it just looks a bit scarier so they come back because that's not the intention of the treatment so um as soon as you neutralize that they because they reach a more harmonious position so as a rule of thumb yes always treat them together but you can with experience with good analysis find patients who actually don't need that done and examine them and it's a good idea to explain this to your patients i would normally get the mirror up and show them or show them on me and say the reason why i'm recommending you do two areas instead of one is because of this vector that you've got you've got a downward pull and if i don't treat it you're going to look angrier than you mean to what other important muscles are in the upper face well there's another muscle which is worth discussing i wouldn't necessarily say it's that important because you tend to treat it whether you know about it or not which is the depressor supercilia so this is a little muscle that's more medial than the corrugator and pulls more down so the idea is it's about here and it pulls straight down and a lot of people think it's actually just a component of orbicularis oculi it's not actually a separate muscle um but it is a medial depressor and so if you're wanting to lift someone's eyebrows you might purposely be thinking about that um the the reason why it clinically doesn't matter that much is because i think quite often while you're treating the medial part of corrugated supersonic you're also treating depressor supercilia and um the small exception would be if you have someone who's still pulling down and you think you've treated that medial component quite well it could be that you just need a slightly more superficial injection because the corrugator supercelli the depressor supercell is more superficial than the corrugated supercilia so maybe a slightly more superficial injection might help um but it's not usually a very powerful muscle and uh it's it's just something to understand what's next in the hall of fame of upper face muscles so there's really one more left in the full upper face which is the procerus so this is the that medial muscle that runs the bridge of your nose and usually just pulls the glabella down towards the nose what do we need to know about procerus well the procerus muscle is the probably the main thing to know about it is it's hugely variable so um don't get into the habit of just injecting the same number of units every single time you treat the braceros and this is the same patient the chances are you're wasting it sometimes maybe under treating on other occasions and this is because it's sometimes so small that it's basically absent i can't see any downward movements and i effectively say clinically there's no procerus muscle and on a small percentage of patients it's actually the dominant muscle and this is this is really interesting to see because it's very different but you just get that crease that runs over the top of the nose and it's a complete downward pull and sometimes very little in terms of corrugator action so those patients just have it have a different focus in terms of the dosage that you put in you might be putting in 12 units in the procerus and very little into the corrugator but you just need to identify that at the beginning so there's lots going on with these muscles how can you tell without peeling someone's skin off which is which um well the first is just watch them move and ask them to do those movements so a lot of patients actually can't consciously control all these movements so a little trick is to either show them a mirror or do the movement to them themselves now this doesn't work if you've had your own treatment which is an issue for many clinicians um but a lot of patients cannot the other thing that's quite interesting is that some patients can't frown when they're lying down it's almost like they're in a relaxed state and you when they're 45 degrees i can't get them to frown i need them to get to sit up and then suddenly then they can do the do the movement um but otherwise do the expression to them and ask them to mirror you and you can get them to do most of the expressions that way um and look at each area on its own because there's a lot of movement going on when someone starts moving their face just look at that one area and step two would be to actually feel it if you're not sure see if you can feel the vector so put your your finger on the area that's being treated and see which direction your finger moves and that can help you identify the vectors a bit better um because you can actually feel the pull in these different directions any more precera's tips and tricks um well one thing i do that's quite interesting is if you're doing a non-surgical rhinoplasty and someone has um a little bump that you're trying to correct uh sometimes you can see that the pull of the procerus is causing a bend exactly on the part of the nose that's causing the bump to see so you can correct it with filler as soon as they move there's a degree of movement that restores the bump you're trying to get rid of so sometimes i'll do toxin before i do anything else relax that muscle and it also gives the toxin a bit some basically a more still surface to bed in on and hopefully it enables it to last a bit longer that way as well so it's you're looking for those patients with a strong procerus that causes some curvature in the nose or a line in the nose and sometimes it's worth treating the procedures for that reason even though they often aren't coming in for anything to do with lines and wrinkles so how about the crow's feet tell us so what you mean is orbicularis oculi is the muscle that causes most of those lines although some of them could be caused by the zygomatic um but we'll talk about that next week so this is the circular muscle that runs underneath uh very close to the surface around your eye underneath the skin and it's very it's quite a complex muscle because of the multiple different vectors involved so because it's circular and runs all the way around the eye at different points it's pulling in different directions so um this is the thing that makes it a bit tricky and especially when you get into treating things that are off label so if you're just just treating lateral candle lines you can get by without knowing too much about it but with experience you'll start to notice that it's a bit more complex than just relaxing the muscle so for example in a small potential patients if you relax the lateral canthal lines you'll start to see a medial pull and that's because the vector was neutralized there was a relatively neutral vector where you're squeezing just laterally but as you relax that you start to squeeze medially and if you chase those lines it can get even worse to the point where every time the patient does a little smile you get the strong pull immediately that doesn't happen in all patients but it happens in some and it's one of the botox signs that make people look unnatural is that they have this medial vector because they've tried so hard to treat everything with toxin and sometimes you need to put less in and find another way of treating it for example dermal filler or other modalities tell me more about those vectors around the eyes why is so complex so the orbicularis oculi being circulate has different effects of different parts so um if you if you think about it it's actually in a tug of war with the eyebrow and the frontalis the frontalis muscle is pulling up an orbicularis oculi is pulling down so this tug of war is going on if you relax orbicularis oculi you get a lift in the eyebrow so it's one of the ways of doing a subtle eyebrow lift um and that can help when you sp it's even become a treatment for a brow ptosis if you've over treated the frontalis you can then relax the muscle that's winning the tug of war the orbicularis oculi and you'll get a little bit of a lift um but in the cheek as well it's an accessory muscle for cheek elevation certainly if you over treat orbicularis oculi the smile can look less genuine so it's actually called a duchenne smile which is the it's a type of smile that our brains know is a real there's a real emotion behind it and we can all do the pretend smile which isn't real and then when you do the real one it's slightly different now for most patients there's enough movement that you actually still get a duchenne smile but if you've over treated it it looks a bit flat and that's one of the downsides but part of that is because the cheek moves less than it would because it's like the last 20 of a smile is your cheek being elevated by orbicularis oculi and um in older people it can also even be called cause the cheek to look sagged and move immediately and it can actually make them look older it's one of the reasons why you've got to be careful with toxin in older people is because they it tends to it can make the lower face drop a little bit because there's so little support the muscles are holding everything together over treat it to try and get rid of lines and things can can go south not permanently though always yeah as long as the muscle gets back to its normal strength it will go back but it's it's there's less room for error in older people any tips and tricks for this area probably from an injector's point of view the the easiest way to improve your technique is to inject more superficially um something about the rest of clinical medicine means we don't often feel like we're injecting properly unless the needle is at least halfway in and that's way too far for orbicularis oculi you can inject with literally maybe a millimeter and a half then you're sitting just on top of the muscle and that minimizes your chance of bruising and it also means the muscle is almost like a shield for what lies underneath and if you think about what lies underneath one of the worst side effects i think you can get from toxin is if you affect the zygomatic muscles because then each time you smile you get asymmetry in your smile which looks like a stroke um and this comes from injecting too deeply i've never had a case in 12 years of injecting um but i've seen some it's one of the most upsetting for patients because every time they're happy someone says oh god what's wrong you look like you've had a stroke so um injecting superficially should completely remove that risk and obviously don't go too inferior either but it's mainly about depth so don't forget to like and subscribe if you like this video youtube is more likely to show it to you next time you log into youtube and you won't miss any of this great free content and also get the free download today because there's a big manual which i produced a while ago it's got 26 of your key injection patterns and people love it i see it being shared on forums all over so don't miss out get that today and see you next week for the rest of the face thanks for watching [Music] bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @laurawong3894 [1 likes]: Too much talking
  2. @p-asadpour6114 [1 likes]: Great lecture! It would be more practical by adding a video overlay to the original video in the upper left /right or middle of the original video so simultaneously all people can observe the facial anatomy, arrow pointing to mentioned area, and direction/angle of injection. Even though you offer many videos, but repetition creates long memory, and visual absorption is essential to perform a procedure. Thank you!
  3. @SbU2b_2021 [1 likes]: This whole video should have been given with anatomical pictures and guidelines and not watching the speakers all the time
  4. @GamalElsayed-l8y: Excellent video
We need Arabic translation
To be more useful
  5. @jacquibburn: Hey as a medical professional what is your opinion on the COVID jab injuries?
  6. @lyndseybeddoes: How do I get the manual please?
  7. @framaria2241: Grazie  molto interessante
  8. @sandilang3845: Absolutely brilliant analysis.  I might consider if I lived where you are, otherwise I am terrified to ever try.
  9. @brendaeaves1079: Wow So Interesting I Never Knew About Things Like This😊Thanks For Sharing❤
  10. @OrionAestheticsLahore: Great demonstration
  11. @LeighPendrigh: Hi how do I access the 13 injection site download
  12. @HaifaJabbour-tv1ol: رابط
  13. @skom91: Thank you! If you give this information for free, I couldn’t imagine what are you giving on you courses😍
  14. @emiliauribe8901: This is so amazing. As a new injector I follow this motto and it gives me confidence
  15. @sunflowerblanton403: Your amazing
  16. @franzystieben5910: Hello Doctor, i have to much in the forehead , in the area over the glabella, my eyebrows are droped for almost 3 months now. i am really having a hard time , and a hard time to believe that my eyebrows will be in the exactly same position they used to be naturally. it’s my second time using botox, both times it was glabella and forehead. i never had lines between my eyebrows, but now there is a weird triangle line between my eyebrows because the forehead is pressed down, i hope for an answer , kind regards
  17. @nicolegonzalez3781: Im a diy person and these videos are super helpful thank you so much 🙏🏻
  18. @Cbbr1111: Neden Türkçe altyazı yok
  19. @tamarasims7480: How do I get the download information
  20. @luzmiriamfritmanbuiles: Gracias px compartir  su tiempo y conocimiento con esta plataforma

- How Botox Is Done | Plastic Surgeon Explains: Kind: captions Language: en when I see a patient for Botox evaluation the way it works in my hands is I see the patient one-on-one face tof face consultation I usually like to have a mirror so we can look at their entire face top to bottom then I like to ask them you know to animate their face and tell me what little Fine Lines areas or wrinkles typically bother them and then I offer them my best suggestion of how to treat those areas after we agree on what areas to Target typically I'll clean your face with alcohol just let that dry make sure we're all clean I use a very small syringe and a very small needle loaded up with a certain number of Botox units for each specific muscle then we go through the injections one by one there's at any point you know the patient feels uncomfortable you know I stop we talk through the process again but typically they tolerate the procedure very very well so one of the most common questions that I'll get from patients prior to Botox injections is does it hurt as long as you have a trained professional who's done these injections before it really does not hurt you know I use a very tiny needle with a very small syringe and I do these injections you know very carefully and meticulously so it doesn't not hurt one of the other most common questions I'll get is you know when can I exercise when can I shower can I use my makeup if I want and typically for all of those you know I say give it about 24 hours after 24 hours you know you should be able to wear makeup like you normally do as long as there's no really aggressive chemicals in your makeup you can shower with kind of lukewarm water as you normally do you can exercise 24 hours later and do you know anything that you're normally is part of your routine without any restrictions

- How Long Does Botox Last? | Plastic Surgeon Explains: Kind: captions Language: en one of the most common questions that I'll get from patients is how long will this Botox product last and typically what I tell them is you know everybody's a little different with how they metabolize Botox but generally Botox is lasting about anywhere between 3 to 6 months some will say 3 to 4 months 3 to 6 months is a pretty safe answer you know and everybody again is different some will metabolize it a little quicker than others factors that affect how long Botox lasts for there's really not many that will alter the lasting of the product I tell patients you can exercise whether somebody who exercises every day metabolizes Botox quicker than the person who's not so generally there's really anything that you know you would do in your daily life that's going to rapidly metabolize the product I don't think that adding extra units of Botox is a good idea by any means there's a certain number of units that we specifically draw up to Target very specific small muscles in the face nobody should be doubling up on the units to get a desired effect it's just not recommended it's not FDA approved in fact I think you could really weaken the muscle and get the suboptimal results

- Treating Spasticity With Botox or Dysport Injections: Kind: captions Language: en do you have tight muscles from spasticity botulinum toxin injections like Botox or Dysport can be used to treat tight muscles I'm dr. Judy Gooch and I'm here today to talk about treating spasticity with injections [Music] [Applause] spasticity is a condition which leads to stiff and tight muscles and exaggerated reflexes spasticity happens when there's injury to the central nervous system this injury could be from a stroke from a brain injury from cerebral palsy a spinal cord injury or multiple sclerosis spasticity can make walking more difficult it can make using hands more difficult it can cause pain can cause difficulty with cares and it can cause contractures or a fixed joint deformity there are different ways to treat spasticity such as with oral medications injections or even some surgeries one of the most common ways to treat it is with botulinum toxin injections such as with Dysport or Botox you may have heard about using these injections for wrinkles but long before people use them for wrinkles we use them to treat tight muscles or spasticity and many of the botulinum toxins are FDA approved for use in spasticity these botulinum toxins actually come from the botulism bacteria which you can get from food poisoning and which can make you really sick but you don't inject the bacteria you inject the protein that it makes and so you don't get sick from the injections this protein blocks some of the signal that goes from the nerve into the muscle and tells the muscle to contract what these toxins do is to decrease that signal that goes from the nerve to the muscle and you don't get as much muscle contraction and so you don't get as much muscle tightness the effect of the injections usually starts a few days after they're given and it can last up to three to four months typically and you can receive these injections as often as every three months for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] muscles it's important to combine the injections with a strengthening or stretching program for instance if I tight hand muscles and am unable to use my hand I can get the injections and they'll loosen the muscles but in order to really learn to use it better I need to have a strengthening program and I talked about this in my brain plasticity video whenever you have any medical procedure always have a goal for the botulinum toxin injections the goal might be to walk better to use your hands better to decrease pain to make cares easier or maybe to prevent those contractions are those deformities also with any medical procedure always ask your doctor about side effects and always weigh the risks and the benefits for these injections some of the side effects may be weakness bruising pain at the injection site sometimes a rash sometimes a mild flu-like reaction now I'll show you how we actually do the injections first we decide which are the best muscles to inject which muscles should we inject to most help the patient the family the doctor and the therapist can give input into this decision for kids sedation can be used but if I can do it quickly in the office without upsetting the child too much we may not need sedation this depends on how many muscles need to be injected on the particular child and on the preferences of the family before the injection I clean the muscles to be injected with alcohol I use electrical guidance to show the tightest part of the muscle I then use a cold spray to numb the skin this helps it hurt not too much the needles we use are actually quite thin I then slowly inject the Dysport or the Botox it does hurt but typically not too much afterwards it might be a little sore but usually it's not really sore for children we give lots of praise and a prize for adults just a pat on the back remember after the injections take advantage of the looser muscles to build strength to stretch and to use brain plasticity to improve function

  Top Comments:
  1. @satyapriya4274 [1 likes]: Your great Madam 🙏🙏
  2. @srp9136 [1 likes]: Is true that it's not good to give botox more than once?
  3. @darinwolfe3619: Doesn't work
  4. @sshibad: thanks do
  5. @romgtr: Why wasn’t I told about this treatment from my doctor?
  6. @CompanyAudits: I love the pace she talks at. Not too fast or too slow. Great vid too about how they can check what muscles are tight.
  7. @Survivorfan4822: I like to know and for someone to do a video on the negative aspect or chances for an adult with CP doing these shots?
  8. @mikegreene8461: You don't clean the muscles.....sigh
  9. @Maancpchildfighter: What therepys doing after botox in standing and walking in 4 yr old boy
  10. @hilariomarco8581: Any idea ma'am how much
  11. @lazysleeper7174: Will my hand writing improve after Botox..
  12. @lesabooth5243: I need this procedure. My gluteus medius on both sides contract so bad as I walk I have to sit and stretch every 25 feet I've dealt with this nightmare for ten year. Orthopedic doctor has thrown the book at me. So has 3 physical therapist 😒😒some say I deferred pain Atrophy gluteal amnesia. But no procedure has helped. The only way I can get exercise is swimming. I can do that for hours with no pain.
  13. @stephdavies8464: I have complete spasticity in my left arm an hand from damage from brain tumour will this help I'm waiting 4 appointment for it thanks
  14. @chandralanaik5989: Hi Dr Gooch, my son is 8 yrs old,  from India. He has hemiplegia, affected on right side and active kid. He is on physical therapy, but still he can't use his arms and has ankle spasticity. We planned to go for botox , but from last 4-5 months he is having siezure. My question is - 1 -can we go for botox for spasticity with his siezure condition ? 
2 - somewhere in Google read, siezure can be treated with botox treatment - is that true ? 
Kindly help me to decide about botox or dysport treatment.
  15. @jasonfaircloth427: I tried Botox for the first time. I got cp but active n golf. unfortunately now( Feb 23)shot. think it was a light amount.  I can squeeze hold weights but unable to hold a golf club through out the swing. how long will this take. can a tens unit help.
  16. @soldiertosoil: Mam my son have erbs palsy . Botox injection is useful for  erbs palsy. He is 3years old
  17. @srp9136: Hi , can 10 year old kid for crouch in knees and ankle be given botox ? My son had botox injections at the age of 8 now he is 10 they say he is bit older for botox in India is it true.
  18. @MegaMusical10: Great video, thanks!
  19. @misschanandlerbong5918: We are looking for a provider that does Botox injections for children.   Can you steer me in the right direction ?  We live on the Alabama Gulf Coast - we are near Mobile,Alabama and Pensacola, Florida but have no problem driving further if needed.   Thanks.
  20. @ariskiaznor7673: Is there any risk using botox for cure spasxcity i wasa  stroke survivor

- 19 women report 'harmful reactions' to counterfeit Botox in 9 states including WA: Kind: captions Language: en >> THERE IS A NEW WARNING FROM THE FDA ABOUT BOTOX. SEVERAL GOT FAKE INJECTIONS AND WE HAVE MORE ON WHAT YOU CAN DO TO AVOID THE BAD BOTOX. >> ACCORDING TO THE AMERICAN SOCIETY OF PLASTIC SURGEONS, BOTOX INJECTIONS ARE NOW THE MOST COMMON COSMETIC OPERATION WITH MILLIONS OF PROCEDURES EVERY YEAR. BUT OFFICIALS ARE CONCERNED COUNTERFEIT VERSIONS OF BOTOX ARE CIRCULATING. THE FDA SAID 19 WOMEN BETWEEN THE AGES OF 25 AND 59 HAVE REPORTED HARMFUL REACTIONS IN 9 STATES INCLUDING WASHINGTON. 9 PEOPLE WERE HOSPITALIZED. >> SIGNS AND SYMPTOMS WE'VE SEEN IN THIS INVESTIGATION CAN INCLUDE THE BLURRED OR DOUBLE VISION. DIFFICULTY SWALLOWING. DRY MOUTH. SLURRED SPEECH. >> INVESTIGATORS SAY THOSE BOTOX INJECTIONS WERE FROM UNLICENCED OR UNTRAINED PEOPLE OR IN PLACES THAT WERE NOT HEALTH CARE SETTINGS. >> THESE ARE PARTICULARLY CONCERNING BECAUSE OF THE POTENTIAL FOR COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS OR IMPROPER ADMINISTRATION. >> THE CDC, FDA AND STATE AND LOCAL HEALTH DEPARTMENTS ARE WORKING TOGETHER ON AN INVESTIGATION. BEFORE YOU SCHEDULE AN INJECTION, ASK QUESTIONS ABOUT YOUR PROVIDER. GET REFERRALS FROM PEOPLE YOU KNOW AND LOOK FOR A CENTER THAT HAS PROVIDERS WHO ARE BOARD CERTIFIED AND MAKE SURE THE PRACTICE IS LICENCED. >> IF THERE IS ANY CONCERN ABOUT THE PRODUCT SOURCE OR THE ADMINISTRATION PRACTICES, WE RECOMMEND NOT GETTING THE INJECTION. >> THE CORRECT INJECTION SHOULD NOT CAUSE SIDE EFFECTS BEYOND REDNESS, INJECTION SITE PAIN OR A MILD HEADACHE. BUT IF YOU FEEL WEAK, HAVE DIFFICULTY BREATHING OR FACIAL PARALYSIS, CALL YOUR

  Top Comments:
  1. @charleselphinstone6714: Aren't most of these fools the same ones who refused covid Vaxes??  To smart for us!
  2. @kimberlycornelius7911: So don't go to a motel or your home for what a real doctor would do in a office
  3. @justice9325: A 😮😢😮😮😢😢 bad ＆ nasty😮😮😢😮😮😢 retired director from General Dynamics, previously worked in San Diego, probably more than 85 yrs old now, is abusing US Gov's monitoring satellite to harass normal US civilians, inside USA & all over the world for his own entertainment & amusement.   

These remote sensors of the monitoring satellites are capable of interpreting the words you're thinking in your mind, may be, by air vibration or by scanning the brainwaves from your brain.

The Israeli IDF are using similar satellite technologies to spy on the Hamas leadership hiding deep inside the Gaza Tunnels.  IDF once released footage of these videos in much degraded resolution. 

This could also have been the way how our intelligence services obtained classified information on Xi Jinping's missile deployment within China.

This retired General Dynamics director could have been the mastermind behind the plane crash killing the Secretary of Commerce Ronald Brown of the Clinton Administration, in the plane crash in 1996 in Croatia.

The United States as we learned and studied in American high school does not exist anymore; it has been destroyed. 

United States have been dead.  American citizens don't have human rights. 

This retired Director of General Dynamics is indeed a national disgrace of the United States. 

If this America disgrace wants to harrass any American civilian, he just puts this American into our Gov. blacklist for monitoring, and he can harass this American civilian.

United States must stop this disgrace retired director from General Dynamics.

- Expert Injector Explains Botox: What is it, How it Works, Treatment, Safety, Recovery and More!: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is Emily Myers I'm a family nurse practitioner licensed esthetician and co-owner of skin Therapeutics skin Therapeutics is a med spa in elot City Maryland we specialize in medical grade skincare and cosmetic treatments to fit all skincare types and needs botulism toxin type A also known as Botox is used to relax the muscles to prevent from having contractions which will also prevent fine lines and wrinkles it works on the nerve receptors that prevents the muscles from making contractions which is what is causing us to have wrinkles we are also using it to prevent from sweating called hyperhydrosis Botox is also used for various things such as a lip flip for those who are not wanting to do lip filler quite yet we use a teeny little bit of Botox around the lip area that just gives the lips a little bit of ump to look like you've had a teeny bit of filler it's also used to relax the platis Mal bands in the neck to help to tighten up the neck and work with those annoying necklines that we call tech neck especially from Co days it's also used in the trapezius which will help to elongate the neck area and help to release tension and causing tension headaches we have various clients that come in here for Botox we have clients that come in in their 20s we also have clients that come in in their 60s or 70s nowadays clients are more aware of what Botox can do I think there's less of a stigma we are really using it for prevention which I really like because you can use small doses micro doing which will help to prevent fine lines of wrinkles so such as the the fine lines in the frown area the forehead the crow's feet or any other unwanted areas ideal candidates for Botox are number one those who are not breastfeeding or pregnant those who are looking for anti-aging such as preventing the fine lines in the frown area um those who are showing existing lines in the frown area forehead and crow's feet and also those who are also looking for jaw thinning we can inject the botox in the Mader muscle which are right here on our face to thin the jaw area so there are various clients who come in uh those in their 30s 40s 50s and now even in their 20s especially for prevention when you come in for your first appointment for Botox or disport both are neurotoxins that we use here you will come in for a consultation with one of our uh highly trained nurses we like to do the consultation prior to having the appointment because some of the clients that come in are unaware of what they're actually getting uh done or or what Botox or disport really does sometimes they get confused as to what uh the neurotoxin does versus the filler so it's really helpful for us to be able to take that time during a 45 minute consultation to go over exactly what the client needs so we can individualize the treatment and then after the treatment if we have time and decide that Botox or disport is right for you we will administer the treatment because it really doesn't take that long it's mostly doing the evaluation first or we can have them come back when they you're ready to do the treatment the recovery and after care is very simple it takes generally 5 to 7 days for the product to kick in uh Studies have shown that disport does kick in faster than Botox but honestly it varies from client to client so I typically tell the client especially new ones that I will see you back for your followup in two weeks we do like to take a before picture and an after picture to make sure that everything has settled in okay and that the client is happy I do go over uh postare instructions uh no exercise for 24 hours post treatment um you can ice if you need to but usually it's not necessary and sometimes because we are injecting a foreign product into the muscle uh the first time especially you can get a slight headache which will go away uh we do advise not to massage the area with your hands but you are ready to go about your day make your facial expressions and wait for it to kick in bruising is always a possibility when we're injecting the face or anywhere on the body with needles of course we try very hard to avoid uh bruising with any of our treatments but sometimes it's inevitable so with botox or disport we do use very teeny tiny needles for administration um so the bruising is is usually unlikely uh we do uh have arnica or topical products that we can apply after the treatment to help prevent bruising um but typically with the neurotoxins it's not as much of a a problem if you are concerned or you are someone that um is prone to br bruising there are things that you can do prior to treatment such as discontinuing any blood thinners which would be ibuprofen Advil um aspirin fish oil is actually well known to be a big Bruiser about 5 to 7 days prior to treatment Botox is a very safe procedure it's been FDA approved since the early 2000s in fact Botox has been around since the 1970s so it is a very safe product everything that we use here is FDA approved the frequency of coming in for your boto is generally about every 3 to 4 months but does vary from client to client so we always have you book your appointment before you leave so you do not forget to come back in that is very important to continue with the results as I have mentioned earlier we do offer both Botox and disport both are equally great products we have both because clients respond differently to neurotoxins so I like to have a variety depending upon what works best for them which is very individualized we would love to see you here at skin Therapeutics for your individualized consultation we will go over exactly what you need and costs as well so we look forward to seeing you soon please call to book your next [Music] appointment

- Can You Wear Makeup After Botox? | Plastic Surgeon Explains: Kind: captions Language: en after the first 24 hours you can go right back to your you know everyday makeup routine despite even Botox injections you really should avoid harsh chemicals in your makeup because it can damage your skin or your face theoretically also you have a puncture sight on your skin right so now you're going to put a chemical there it's not going to go anywhere but theoretically you now have a channel for the makeup to travel through does that matter probably not to be honest with you but it's a very general recommendation 20 4 hours kind of leave your face alone it's like if you get your blood drawn right and somebody sticks a needle in your you know in your vein it's kind of very similar to Botox people ask like oh can I put cream no just leave it alone you have an entry point generally I tell patients after Botox injections to avoid makeup for 24 hours and the reason is when you're applying makeup you tend to rub your face massage your face in my mind that product is just under your skin so I really don't want want you moving that product around because what can happen is it can potentially affect a muscle that I was not intending to treat and it can give you a symmetric results that are just not optimal

- I'm Getting Botox For The First Time in 5 Years...And I'm Nervous | Weekly Vlog: Kind: captions Language: en So, We are walking our hairy dictator. The weather >> That's not me, by the way. >> Uh, the weather is beautiful. I'm still in my gym gear. And Paul, people wanted to know after my last vlog, why do you call me Pixie? >> We don't actually know, do we? It's from years ago when we first met. And >> I think he >> le had really tiny little ears. >> What do you mean had? What's wrong with my ears? >> What's wrong with age? They're now like a chimp. >> They're going to call me a chimp now. >> Apparently I have I have pixie ears. And then she used to like being called pixie for >> well because to me what pixie used to mean you know when you said um whenever I wanted something I would make this cute little face and go p and I thought that that's what pixie was. >> It could be. I honestly can't remember. >> But yeah basically it was about my ears. But apparently I'm not pixie anymore. I'm a chimp. Look at this poison coat. It's a hazel. It's like a curly hazel. I love this tree. Every time we go past here, I admire it. Now he's got leaves on it. You can't see it properly, but when he loses its leaves, it looks really cool. Hello my lovelies. I'm getting ready. I'm having a day off. Welldeserved day off. I've worked so hard last week just after I came back. Anyway, I have some updates, some things to show you. So, first of all, the Korean masks. I told you about this one that I bought it and I used one and I loved it. I used two more since and I also tried this one because I bought this one these ones as well. Didn't like this one so much as this one. And then everybody is raving about the Medicube PD RN. It's all about this PGRN. Okay. And this one was good as well, but I still can't decide if I prefer the PGRN from Medic Cube or from Biodense. This one seem to sink in and go see through much quicker than this one. So, I don't know. But they are really lovely. They will give you that glow and and plumpness. But don't think that this is something that will reverse your aging and make you plump like this forever. It might make you plump for a day or two. Um, so it's I would say they are more they very good for for the moisture and maybe like a treatment before you're going out somewhere. You want to look nice and plump. But I love them. Now I'm back on my halo. So, you know, I've tested for 9 weeks um this laser and it was dam razor on my face and to be honest I didn't see any difference any significant difference and also what I did I just tested it on one side of my face I didn't use any other devices so I thought I gave a good test and I'm sure it works in long run because of the technology. Technology is there. It's not like it was really nice to use the device. Very quick. I mean you could do half a face in like one two minutes. Um so this was all good painless. Let me show it to you. This one see the window. you just pressed it. I did it also on the highest setting. It wasn't painful at all. So, when it comes to usage, it was very nice to use. And like I said, I'm sure in the long run it will work. Um, but I don't have the patience. So, I want to see difference now. I don't want to be spending months and months on something to give me negligible difference. Now, if I'm going to see something, I want to see something like a big difference. And I didn't see it. So, so I'm back on my halo and my summer red light. Oh, another new discovery. If you are subscribed to my newsletter, I think I've put it in my this month favorite. By the way, um if you read the newsletter, um April's newsletter, uh let me know in the comments what you thought. I thought it was a bit of fun. And how good was the photo of me with in in that st lift? I thought it was amazing. Um it was made with an eye, the photo. Um, but I just thought it was funny. Anyway, this So, you know, I love the Cocoa and Eve products for all my self-tanning and the gradual tan. It's very good, but this somehow gives you honestly put it on for 3 days straight and you will look like you've been on holiday. It's quite expensive, this one though, but it's big. It's 400 mil. Um and that that this is a gradual tan. Uh Gatino is very well-known brand. I used to actually use their tan accelerator years ago. So when I don't want to fuff with the real fake tan, you know the foam and then you have to sleep in it and then wash it off. If I just need a quick tan, I know that this will give it to me. And it's really nice as well. I have a bit of it on it on now. But so I think that's all I wanted to tell you. I wanted to update you on that laser testing and if any of you use that laser and saw a difference, let us know. Right, that's it. I'm wearing today, you know, one of those O show sets. This one is the one that I bought last year, but I saw this year they do this type of trousers. They have like I don't know if you can see it like funny folds. They do them all the time. They just do them in different colors. And I think they even still have this style of jacket but in different print um and color. So, but I I think I told you before I noticed we are getting so ripped off in this country. So, all the prices on a UK website for oil show are like I think at least £10 more per item than in Spain. And you know when I showed you in Spain those brown pinstripe linen trousers that I bought in in this specific shop. You can also buy it online and I looked I swear that the trousers were like £70 more than what they were in Spain. So it's not worth it. Honestly, you'll be better off buy a cheap ticket to Spain and go and buy it all in Spain. So, I wait till I go again to Spain in October to buy other things in Oo. It just annoys me that I mean it's still very affordable. They are so lovely and they are still um for what they are the price is good but it's just annoying that in Spain I can get it so much cheaper. Okay, my lovelies. I'm ready for the day. I think I'm going to go and see my neighbor. I haven't seen her since I come back from uh from Spain. I haven't seen Debbie. So, need to catch up with all my friends. Hello, my lovelies. So, I've just dropped Louis and my grandma. So, you know, I told you that she was moving, so that was his last appointment. Well, she called me not long ago saying that um the sale is still going through, but there are some problems with whatever. So, she doesn't know it could go as far as July. So, I'm happy. Obviously, I feel sorry for her. uh that you know selling houses is so stressful. Um but yeah, so Louise still has this appointment. He might have maybe two more and then I think I'm going to do it by myself. I don't know. We'll see. What I wanted to tell you, do you know what I've gone and done? Last night at 11:00 at night, I booked a Botox appointment. I shouldn't be allow I do the worst things late at night on my computer. That's when I shop and all sorts of things. So, you know, I've been talking about it um for a while. I mean, I had last time Botox done maybe six years ago. And even when I used to do it then, I wasn't like a, you know, regular user. I do it like once a year. But I've been getting so annoyed with this. Can you see when I frown? And it's especially this side, it brings this eyebrow much lower and I look angry all the time. And also my fine lines here have gone quite low now. So, I normally have it just in those two places between my eyebrows and here. I would love it in my forehead because look at the traum lines on my forehead, but I can't because when I have Botox, if you don't want to eyebrow drop, you don't touch the frontalus muscles at the top. Um, because it will just push your eyebrows down like this. You can't move them. But I wonder I will ask her if I can have just the tiny bit here very high up at the top just to soften them a bit. I'll talk to her. So this lady is not my usual lady that I used to go to not for any other reason that it's a nightmare. Not nightmare but it's like a onehour round trip to get to her. And this lady that I've booked it with I've been to her before long long time ago about eight years ago. So, I know her. I know her work. So, I thought, yeah, I tried I I don't know if I'm going to like it. I think why I stopped having Botox. I don't know if it was because I didn't like the way it made me look because I'm very expressive. You know, I talk with my whole face. Um, so we will see. I will try again. Like I said, I haven't done it for a long time and if I don't like it, I won't have it done again. And by the way, because I know a lot of people that never had Botox or fillers or anything, mix the two together and like think that Botox is the same thing as fillers. Botox just paralyzes your muscles. So this muscle, the corrugator here that pulls your eyebrows down, it's going to be paralyzed. So I won't be able to pull my eyebrows down. Um, so I won't look angry all the time and also it will smooth out that line because you know after a while those lines are permanently etched. So if I kept doing it all the time I wouldn't have this line even etched here. Um, Botox doesn't improve the quality of your skin or nothing or doesn't make anything bigger, fuller, nothing like that. It just ba basically par paralyzes the muscles for 4 months or so and then it wears off. So yeah, I'm going on sat Saturday. I can't remember now. I have to actually check because like I said, I booked it just before I went to bed. But then I thought to myself, "Oh my god, I won't be able to use my zip halo." Well, I can not for like a week and I probably won't use it on microcurrent, just nanourren because microcurrent is the one that works on your muscles. So, it works out your muscles and you don't want anything that stimulates your muscles because the Botox will wear off much quicker. Nanourren works just deep on your cells. So, for example, the collagen bust on Zip is just nano current. So, I can use that, but then I can use my red light nonstop, my uh lead lead mask. So, yeah, I didn't think about any of that. I just I've been looking at myself. Do you know what it is? It's being on YouTube because yes, I'm quite vain. I like looking nice, but you might think that I look at myself all the time. Honestly, I look in a mirror first thing in the morning when I'm putting my makeup on and that's when I examine my face and find everything wrong with it. And then the last thing at night when I'm taking my makeup off and doing my skin care, I don't look at myself throughout the day. But I edit my videos a lot all the time, which means I have to stare at my face on the screen constantly. And another thing is every camera, like I could be using my little Osmo Pocket that I'm using now or I use my Sony camera. Sometimes I use my phone. They all make you look different. And don't think the camera always makes you look good. Some cameras I think this camera is very very bad um for like filming yourself. Sometimes cameras make you actually look worse than you do look in a real life. So sometimes I will edit my video and I think oh my god I'm sure I don't look like this. I'm sure this is not that bad. And then I will look in a mirror and I think no it isn't. So it all depends on lighting as well. If you are in a good lighting you look look better. If you are in a bad lighting so you have all that. Imag imagine almost like I probably edit something every day. So imagine for an hour every day just staring at yourself in a mirror. So it gives you a bit of a complex I I suppose other than that I probably wouldn't bother. Anyway, very long way of explaining uh the madness that I I have been I've been talking to you about it. I I was saying that you know also when you have Botox here and tiny injection here it sometimes lifts a bit this outer portion of your eye because you know I don't only have hooded eyes I've got like downturn eyes. I've noticed here this side really is hanging again. I mean, I still don't have the whole hood sitting on my um eyelashes like it was before I had the operation, but my sides definitely dropped more because, you know, gravity, everything is dropping. Boobs, belly, chin, everything is drooping. So, yes, we do what we can. And like I said, I don't think I could ever have a facelift. Not that I think there is anything wrong with it when people do it. Brilliant. And honestly, people look amazing. Some people look amazing after facelift. But I don't think I could do it. It's it's too much, too big. And you know, it took me like 10 years to pluck up the courage and have my eyes done. But I think whole face. I've seen some horror stories. I don't know. I probably would never do it, but who knows? I could get up one morning, look at myself, and think, I don't care. I need a faceelift. So, yes. So, I will the Botox, the full effect of Botox happens about two weeks after you've had it done. So, it's very gradual. Each day freezes a bit more. So, um, yeah, I will probably maybe by next vlog be able to see a bit of a difference. So, we will see. Right. So, now I'm going to the pet shop because I've ordered some food for Louis. So, I have to go and pick it up and I will see you later. Okay. Can you see that macpie on my artificial palm? They've been coming here every day and picking off the coconut fiber that the trunk of that palm is wrapped in. I think they picking it for their nest. And that palm is so horrible. I'm going to throw it away anyway. So, I don't mind. But it's so funny. They are here every day. They I don't know if you can see that trunk is all bald now at the top, but I don't mind for their nest for their babies. Good morning, my lovelies. So, slight change of plans today. So, I was going to go out with Debbie for lunch, but she messaged me last night her something went wrong with her car, so she has to take it to the garage today. So, I'm not doing it. So instead, the dishwasher is on, the bedding is on in a washing machine, and I'm just going to clean and do my domestic stuff. But what I forget to tell you every time I sit down is this. I bought again the Skindea vitamin C and ferolic serum. And this is the elascorbic acid. So like the strongest most studied form of vitamin C and as you know I've been using the medicate and they are beautiful beautiful formula but what happened so I first used the super ferolic from medicate which is the strongest and that was lovely and then I've run out of that but I also had certax so I started using that and that one is quite oily. Anyway, I've noticed for a while that I started getting so oily. I've got oily T-zone anyway, but I thought, is it my hormones? What is it? It was terrible. My forehead would look honestly like a frying pan every day. And I kept thinking, what is it that I'm using? Is it the makeup? Is it some different SPF? So, I would try different SPF every day, still really oily. And then I thought, I wonder if it's the vitamin C because I use it first thing in the morning. And the medic 8 vitamin C is suspended in like lipids in oil. So, it's beautiful to use and the fo is gentler and is amazing for dry skin. If you have dry skin, then that is like the best vitamin C. But I just think that it didn't agree with my face. It made me more oily. So I went back to the skin deever and you know I know it and love it. I've been using skin dee for years. This is what got rid of my melasma. You have to be consistent and it takes months, you know. But I love this vitamin C apart from it being a pain in ours because elascorbic acid is very unstable and it can oxidize. It will go yellow and then that means it doesn't work. It's actually worse for your skin. So, I have to keep this in a fridge. And I bought from Amazon tiny brown glass bottles with a dropper. I think they might be just 5 ms. And I decant like weeks worth into that bottle. Just fill up this bottle and keep that upstairs cuz every time you open the bottle, the air gets to it, oxygen gets to it, and it starts oxidizing it. So, this would never last me till I finished it. It would oxidize at the end. So, now I keep it in the fridge and the one upstairs for a week is fine. And then I refill it. So, it's a bit of a faf, but you can't be without vitamin C. And um know this one. Love this one. So, I bought it again. Right. I better get on with my housework. I feel all discombobulated. You know, when you've planned something, um, because I'm a planner, I have to write myself lists every day in order what I've got to do. Otherwise, I have too many things in my brain and get too stressed. I know, but I was prepared to just go to lunch and have a nice easy day. And this morning, I was like, right, what am I doing? What am I doing? So, I'm just going to put it around and clean the house wherever needs cleaning and doing the laundry Now with Let's have these little ones. There you go. Hello, my lovelies. So, I had my uh Botox yesterday. So, I had it in my 11s around here, and she put some really high up in my forehead. So hopefully it will soften slightly my forehead lines, but it won't um drop my eyebrows. Oh, and I had two tiny extras. What are they called? Dao um in here. You know that muscle that makes you look miserable like this? It starts pulling your stop it pulling your uh mouth down. It was 20 quid more. So, she just injected tiny little things. Let's hope I don't get a crooked smile from it. I see. uh I've just been and bought some nice bits for myself. I had lunch and now I'm going to have chocolate chunk and hazelnut cookie. And Lou knows it, so he's growling it in here. So yes, um hopefully by uh by the next vlog. That's not even nice. It's not gooey and chewy. Oh well. So hopefully by the next vlog we will see something. And also in two weeks if I'm happy with everything that's it. If I'm not, I can book um like a top up in two weeks, which is free, the top up, just to see, you know, cuz what I worry about that I'm going to get this pock eyebrows cuz I've talked to you about it, didn't I? I have quite high eyebrows. And um when they paralyze it here, when I try to lift my eyebrows, only this bit lifts, so I look like a Dr. Spock. So if that happens then she can put tiny bit above them. Just a tiny bit to knock that down. But yeah, we will see. Let's hope I don't like it so I don't have to keep spending money on it again. But you know, I like to experiment on myself. It's not experimenting. I've had bottles before, but not for a long time. By the way, I'm wearing the another O shell set. This one is no longer available that was bought last year, but like I said, they do very similar styles, just maybe different colors all the time. Sorry, I'm talking eating and talking. Right, I'm going to finish it here. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you so much for watching. and have a wonderful week and stay fabulous.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JulieStone-tc5vd [2 likes]: I'm sitting in my porch and I so enjoy Sunday afternoons with you. Scripture says, merriment is good medicine, and you always make me smile and laugh. Another fantastic newsletter! My husband and I are retired, but we are active and we are vain. But the chair lift was hilarious because we actually talked about it because having a two-story instead of one story. We have decided on the one story home. Anyway, you're a great writer. You could certainly write a book if you desired to. Something to consider. Have a blessed week.
  2. @TheRayjane [1 likes]: Hi Nisha …what a beautiful path to walk Louis….I loved seeing all the beautiful trees in bloom.  I love that lounge set you are wearing. …love the wide legs.  I haven’t had Botox in a long time and funny I’ve been thinking of doing it..yes lines between the brows and forehead!  Honestly you always look flawless and are so photogenic….you are a beautiful woman!  Blessings beautiful lady ♥️🙏🏼
  3. @stuartpierce121 [1 likes]: Good video 🎉🎉 Thanks Nisha Jennifer 😊
  4. @daniellecarriere677 [1 likes]: Hi Nisha, FYI I use CeraVe serum vitamine C and it is written on the box that the formula may change in color but will remain effective. And I have Botox between my eyebrows too, best decision ever.
  5. @sjsomer917 [1 likes]: You are so inspirational and fun. I love and trust your content and have tried many of your suggestions. Do you have any recommendations for waterproof mascara and eyeliner? 
I also like hearing your prospectives on what's happening in the world. I think that you are spot on. Thanks, Nisha!
  6. @maryobrien8748 [1 likes]: The latest newsletter was spot on. The picture on the stairlift was hilarious!😂
  7. @sandrag.mcalister3308 [1 likes]: Hi Nisha, you mentioned everything sagging,  I'm at the stage where I could not wear a short skirt or dress, because my nipples would show 😂😂 You and Paul make such a cute couple and you know I adore Louie ❤️  Have a great upcoming week ❤
  8. @terryhiemer3435: Nisha, What size is your diamond stud in the Ono earrings?
  9. @suehenderson2598: Absolutely loved Aprils newsletter, made me laugh quite a few times. I love your humour 😅❤
  10. @Blythe-r3s: I'm enjoying your newsletter very much.  I didn't realize you were so funny!  You have a way with words.
  11. @chrissynes3553: ❤
  12. @Style-ov5qb: The newsletters are amazing.
  13. @madams.5976: A Pixie fairy, supposedly, is a mythical creature of British folklore. A cheerful mischievous sprite OR a usually petite vivacious woman or girl. That’s fits perfectly.
  14. @LacyBriannne: Nisha what kind of car do you have? I like that size SUV for me. Hello sweet Louis! I feel like you could do his grooming Nisha—I taught myself how to groom my Shih-Poo’s hair, I’m sure Louis’ hair might be a little easier than hers being so curly 🥰 Hope you have a wonderful week!! 🩷
  15. @JJ-zm4ns: Hi Nisha, I have had the W Botox done on my forehead and it was a disaster, my right eye drooped and I was going to a wedding. I went into panic mode. Dr. Recommended a “glaucoma” eye drop to use right before the wedding to help lift it. Anyhow I had to literally wait the six months out to feel normal. I too have the”11” and it makes me look angry. I am petrified to try it again. Maybe it was just my body’s reaction. Maybe I will try your idea instead of the forehead. Can’t wait to see your results.
  16. @Lauraj2020: You do not need Botox x
  17. @HopeAnnDubberstein: Nisha, would you please tell me the eyeshadow and brush you used on your eyes in the beginning of your blog.
  18. @sunshine-bs2jx: Botox will look amazing ❤
  19. @sueanderson9860: Why can’t we have plump faces and slim bodies - rude! 😂😂
  20. @melissmema: I decant my Vitamin C also. Tried the skinceuticals and was good but nothing special

- Why Plastic Surgery Is On The Rise: Kind: captions Language: en Plastic surgery has been booming in the past decade. Pop culture and social media helped to influence a new generation of people being proud and transparent about cosmetic enhancements. But in 2020, things took a dip. Hospitals and centers closed, staff members were laid off and elective surgeries came to a halt. However, the plastic surgery industry bounced back strong. What we found after the moratorium on elective surgeries ended was that there was a pent up demand for cosmetic procedures, which people did fulfill. The government put money into the economy so that it remained strong, people had disposable income, and they still used it for cosmetic procedures. Americans working from home spent hours and hours watching themselves on camera, endlessly scrolling on social media and experiencing inevitable downtime from work and social events. This all but benefited the plastic surgery industry, which saw a record number of patients as pandemic restrictions were lifted. I think most plastic surgeons thought, "Oh my God, it's really over because people are going to have a very difficult time really worrying about plastic surgery when they have this epidemic, pandemic happening, but it ended up being the complete opposite. So just how long will the plastic surgery boom last? And with a new normal taking shape, what does the future look like for the industry? Born in Virginia in 1787, Dr. John Peter Mettauer is widely recognized as America's first plastic surgeon. But it was World War I that catapulted the plastic surgery industry into new realms. Extensive face and head injuries from war required physicians to innovate, while advances in blood transfusions, anesthesia and antiseptics allowed doctors to experiment with new techniques. By the 1960s, plastic surgery for purely cosmetic purposes was becoming more common. Procedures that were originally designed as medical treatments saw an uptick in patients getting them to enhance their appearance. For example, Botox was first approved by the FDA as a treatment for crossed eyes, but doctors soon realized those injection areas didn't have wrinkles. Not only are we reconstructing function of the face and body, but now we're also helping to bolster confidence by doing cosmetic procedures, which means sometimes restoring things the way they were. A youthful appearance is associated more with being energetic and virile and capable, and for many of us, that's very important in our day to day affairs. As Baby Boomers began to age, they wanted to appear younger and cosmetic procedures outpaced reconstructive ones. The 90s was also an era where doctors fought hard to dismantle the stigma that was associated with plastic surgery. There was a growing public perception amid some sensationalized stories that these surgeries were high risk. And in 1992, the FDA issued a moratorium on silicone breast implants following growing fears that the implants were unsafe. I am asking that physicians cease using silicone gel implants. But things soon took a turn, including health care reform. After extensive lobbying in 1998, President Bill Clinton signed a bill into law, allowing reconstructive surgery to be covered by health insurance. And by 2005, cosmetic procedures almost doubled over In 2020 over 24 million cosmetic procedures were performed worldwide. But it was the U.S. that had the highest number of both surgical and non-surgical treatments, leading the way with over 4,600,000 procedures. Brazil comes in second, often serving as a destination for hopeful plastic surgery candidates around the globe. They are three different categories when it comes to cosmetic plastic surgery. There are surgical procedures, noninvasive type procedures, and then there are injectables and fillers. The most common plastic surgery performed in the U.S. is breast augmentation, followed by liposuction and eyelid surgery. Botox was the number one non-surgical procedure worldwide. Although plastic surgery, like any surgery, carries risks. The vast majority of patients in the U.S. are satisfied with their results. In 2019 98 percent of those who got breast augmentation and 97 percent of those who got a tummy tuck said they'd do it again. I am ecstatic with my results. I'm still projected to see the final result a few more months from now, but my surgeon and the team had said that I'm healing great. I'm happy with it. I haven't had any issues. Plastic surgery is a hefty investment. The average cost of breast augmentation is $4,789. And Americans pay on average $7,944 for a facelift. You get what you pay for. It is an investment. You don't want to go to the lowest common denominator. You really want to go to someone who's talented in what they do and how they do it. Cost barriers do motivate many to travel to other parts of the country or even the world in order to save money on their dream procedure. But that isn't always the best route. Plastic surgeries can go horribly wrong, as seen on the reality TV show 'Botched.' A 2018 study found that .78 percent of plastic surgeries have complications, including infection, pulmonary embolism and organ damage. Definitely, medical tourism in plastic surgery was, not as much post-COVID, before COVID, was a big industry. And unfortunately, just like everything else, there are great surgeons abroad and there are bad surgeons abroad. As there are great surgeons in Los Angeles and there's some surgeons that aren't so great. But the problem is if complications arise. Going under the knife has always carried some sort of stigma. Many celebrities, including Kylie Jenner, Tyra Banks and Lady Gaga, notoriously spoke out against plastic surgery and later came clean about getting some cosmetic work done. I think that the taboo for plastic surgery has often been that it's seen as something that is unnecessary or, say, cosmetic surgery seen as unnecessary. We've also seen cosmetic surgery as showing signs of insecurity, so that if you are doing cosmetic surgery to completely change your appearance, your appearance is part of your identity. So I think part of the taboo has been a rejection of identity because you're pursuing cosmetic surgery. But a few things have changed the negative perception of cosmetic treatments, namely pop culture and social media. What was once seen as a denial of self, shifted into a popular and accepted trend for everyday people. People see themselves in a photograph on Instagram. They can filter their appearances and they see what they like as a change. So they could also image themselves to come up with a look that they think reflects themselves. And so they'll come and ask us if we can help them achieve that. But I think with social media filters that come through social media, people, seeing their friends and seeing people that they admire morphed and trying to emulate that to some degree. So that's how social media has changed. It has become more acceptable. Another thing helping to change the narrative around aesthetic procedures is the introduction of ethnic plastic surgery. The 90s and early 2000s was an era of extreme plastic surgery transformations, often leading to a lot of criticism aimed at the patient. Doctors now say the key to a successful procedure is subtle changes while maintaining the patient's ethnic identity. I do feel that cosmetic procedures because it's done for personal reasons, not necessarily done for attention or fame, or to be an Instagram influencer, but done for personal reasons that it should be somewhat discreet and that the results that we give should look natural and look congruent with the ethnicity, to not be extremely dramatic unless necessary, but usually subtle. The plastic surgery boom has also coincided with society's new emphasis on wellness. Today, more Americans are focusing on self-care and the needs of the individual. I think women are understanding that, that their desire to have cosmetic surgery doesn't mean they don't like who they are or feel more comfortable saying, "This is what I've done to make myself feel better. This is what I've done to make myself look better, more refreshed and more like my old self." And that's certainly something to be proud of when you've taken ownership of your appearance. The Covid-19 pandemic shook the industry. The total number of cosmetic procedures decreased by 1.8 percent in 2020 compared to 2019, but that's mainly due to hospital and center closures, not demand. Our schedule has never been this busy. There's not enough time in the day to do all the surgeries and procedures that our patients are requesting. Experts point to a phenomenon called the 'Zoom effect' or the 'Zoom boom.' Covid limitations shifted in-person meetings and social events to video calls, meaning more people became hyper-critical of their facial features. That dissatisfaction led to a much higher interest in plastic surgery above-the-shoulder. When people were doing Zooms all the time, they really focus on their face because that's what they see, the reflection of Zoom and Facetime and constantly looking back at yourself, you start looking and finding flaws. Or maybe there are issues that you were concerned with for forever and now it's coming out. So facial, nasal and eyelid surgery has been tremendously on the uptick. According to a study by ASPS, 11 percent of women surveyed said they were more interested in cosmetic procedures a year into the pandemic than they were prior to it. That number goes up to 25 percent for women who've already had a procedure. Some patients are motivated by the down time spent at home. An increase in work-from-home policies across U.S. employers allows patients to fully recover at home while saving PTO. Others are motivated by the ability to recover in plain sight. More and more people are getting procedures done on features that are covered by their mask. However, the opposite is also having a moment. Doctors say they're seeing more patients getting work done above-the-nose, since those features are highlighted when wearing a mask. Another big influence due to Covid? Finances. I was able to finance my procedure through the savings that I acquired working from home during the pandemic and also did use a credit card to finance. I think I would have needed to wait a little longer to get the procedure done if I had not saved as much as I had up until that point working from home. I was in a better position to pay any additional costs. Doctors say the future of plastic surgery is plastic surgery. And some of the changes the industry has seen are here to stay. Some of the things that have changed about how we offer plastic surgery for us. We certainly are offering more virtual consoles and those will remain. And so access to the plastic surgery will probably remain to be more convenient. We also created more office space procedures for convenience and also for patient safety, and I think that also will remain and that the way we access plastic surgery will be different and that the demand for plastic surgery in the setting of people who are still working, even if they're working virtual, that the recovery times need to be less dramatic and shorter. I think that probably won't change. And with cosmetic treatments becoming more advanced, more affordable and less taboo, the Covid-19 boom is just the beginning.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MOliva-p5q [3 likes]: I spent a lot of money to fix my smile and my face but then afterwards I was sad because I was broke.  I spent all that money on my face and now I'm frowning all of the time because I'm broke, and I was smile more when I had the money.  It sucks man because now I have nothing to smile about.  I was better off with a goofy smile, and something to smile about.  Making the smile pretty is easy but you have to work for things to smile about.
  2. @WolfModig [2 likes]: Society doesn't like ugly people, we have brainwashed people that you just correct every little imperfections Instead of loving yourself from the inside
  3. @NargisAkter-le9wt [1 likes]: Man Slaughter
  4. @Argent47-l8c [1 likes]: Friends, to all who feel insecure enough about how they look to consider any cosmetic procedure, read this at least once, but preferably twice: YOU do not need to change yourself. SOCIETY needss to change itself. If anyone ever tells you that you should change a feature of your appearance which has never bothered you before, remember that you don't owe anyone anything. You are good the way you are, and so is every single human born on this earth. Our Creator God makes no mistakes. Psalm 139:14: "I praise you, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made". 
 If our contemporary society would stop focussing on external features with such obsession, people would not even notice them. Instead, they would notice how kind, humoristic, friendly, generous, hard working and full of love the people around you are. For indeed true beauty lives within us all. 1 Peter 3:4: "Let your beauty be that of your inner self, with its gentle and quiet spirit." Friends, may the love and light of our Creator God keep your soul radiantly beautiful.
  5. @dautube [1 likes]: Because, let's be real, getting all sucks!
  6. @21KDF [1 likes]: #เราอยู่กันบนโลกนี้ไม่กี่สิบปีเท่านั้นศาสนาเลยห้าม / ถ้ามนุษย์บนโลกมีอายุโดยเฉลี่ย900-1000ปี ผมจะอนุญาติการทำศัลยกรรมพลาสติกเลยครับ.
  7. @21KDF [1 likes]: #คือ...อยากให้ทุกท่านได้ตระหนักให้มากๆว่า(เรามีชีวิตอยู่บนโลกนี้ไม่นาน เราอาศัยอยู่บนโลกนี้เเค่ชั่วคราวเท่านั้น) ดังนั้นการเปลี่ยนแปลงสิ่งที่ถูกสร้างโดยไม่ใช่เป็นการรักษานั้นถือเป็นสิ่งที่พวกเราต้องห่างไกลจากมันครับ.
  8. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 👍
  9. @cuzu5145 [1 likes]: Love yourself for who you are there is no need for this type of elective surgery unless it is a birth defect. There might have a lot to do with the Inner Child and a person’s insecurities compounded by traumatic childhood experiences. Don’t pay attention to people’s negative comments on a person’s appearance  everyone has insecurities.
  10. @ArranVid: Cringy plastic surgery
  11. @JasonLau-hg5ib: Speaking of physical appearance, please let me tell you this: 

I used to be bothered 😕 by the fact that my right thumb wasn’t looking very good. The good 😊 news is that my thumb is looking just fine 👍 now.
The bad news is that my hands 🤚 are looking just horrible 😣 now! so one bad situation was replaced with an even worse one! 😳
  12. @sayokahwege2520: I like this broadcast.
  13. @latoyatramill6633: People women girls are looking at tv movies magazines and wanting to look like them.
  14. @CrossinXero: Gonna see this exact footage in a bp edit 🥀
  15. @MaiMinhHằng-s8g: Is there a money-back guarantee?
  16. @CaptainRLutchman: Plastic surgery... for reconstruction purposes..eg .. accidental injuries are fine ... HOWEVER TRYING TO USE PLASTIC SURGERY FOR LOOK ALIKE AND COPY CATS ARE NOT ALLOWED...THIS IS CRIMINAL ... AND MUST BE PASSED AS LAW ... THESE PEOPLE CAN COMMIT CRIMES AS ANOTHER PERSON AND CHNAGE THIER FACES EACH TIME ... CRIME IS NOT FOR BUSINESS PROFIT PURPOSES
  17. @Venscene: Tine is tine
  18. @leahganda4350: Hi
  19. @krzeszewski: plastic people
  20. @CatherineHatton: “Castor oil is my plastic surgery”.   Works wonders.

- 73 Questions with a Plastic Surgeon ft. Dr. Richard J Brown, MD | ND MD: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] andy hello hello how are you good man how you doing not too bad it's been a while since i've done these dude how was the journey quite interesting haven't been this far west before so oh man it's a little warm out here right now warmer than georgia well it's good to see you brother good well better question is are you ready for your 73 questions dude you know i am i love this stuff alrighty well let's get started so what is your name my name is ricky brown and your specialty plastic and reconstructive surgery and how many years have you been practicing i've been in private practice for 13 years it's crazy oh man all well earned oh yeah so where did you go to undergrad uh so i split my undergrad between syracuse university for two years my freshman and sophomore year and then i transferred back to the university of georgia go dogs baby go dogs indeed and where did you go to medical school i went to the chicago medical school which is in north chicago and did you take any gap years before going to med school you know interestingly i had to take a gap year so i was 27 when i applied to medical school and so when i decided at georgia my last year of college that i wanted to go into medicine i took all the pre-med classes and applied took the mcat and applied and because of that i had a year of just waiting to hear from schools so i actually took a year off and i worked in the operating room which was really where i kind of fell in love with surgery now kind of speaking of what you fell in love with what was your favorite part of medical school my favorite part of medical school um i would have to say that for sure this is probably a common answer but the the relationships that i built there the camaraderie obviously the education but i would say my favorite part are probably all the great friends that i met when i was there yeah so what specialty did you think you were going to go into on your first day of medical school oh man this is this is an easy one for me right so because of working in the operating room i was an orderly and i mopped floors cleaning beds i found myself kind of ducking into the operating room and watching surgeries and so i really really really started to develop a love for surgery just from working in the operating room so when i went to med school i knew that i was going to have an open mind about just give everything a chance but i had a pretty good idea after spending a year in the operating room that year that i was going to be doing something in surgery i just didn't know what it was going to be gotcha now were there any specialties you said immediately out the gate not for me well you know the surgeon's answer to this question anything medicine primary care baby no you know so i think um i honestly when i started med school my attitude was definitely hey listen give everything a shot but as i started to do stuff like medicine and family practice which are super obviously very important specialties i'm just like a handsy guy you know and i and i knew that like from the get-go that probably something in the primary care realm wasn't going to be something that i was going to do gotcha now specifically what first made you fall in love with plastic so um i am double boarded so i did general surgery first so i completed a full six years when i was in general surgery doing a lot of trauma level one kind of gunshot knife and gun club i call it in chicago at mount sinai they would send their residents over to us to get their experience and so the plastics residents would come over and some of their general surgery residents would come over and so i started to sort of develop this interest in plastic surgery number one from those guys kind of getting in my ear and talking about plastic surgery but number two we had gunshot victims that would have some pretty severely deforming injuries bellies that we couldn't close because of swelling and the plastics guys would kind of swoop into our inner city hospitals to do these closures and fix things and that's where i kind of started to develop this all right i'm in general surgery but like i'm kind of digging this reconstructive stuff and putting people back together and that's really where i kind of started to develop my love for plastic surgery for sure that's a really cool story yeah so it was crazy plastic surgery is a very much sought-after uh specialty yeah so for those who are interested can you tell them how long does your training take after medical school so after medical school there's a couple of different ways that you can get into plastic surgery so there's two main paths either you complete a residency like i did because i actually my co-resident in plastic surgery was an orthopedics trained guy and he decided part of the way through that he wanted to do plastic so he finished ortho so once you if you do a residency like that like for me general surgery was five years i did a year of research and then it was a two-year fellowship and as you know today some people can do the combined programs where they get in right out of medical school and it's three and three so i went the traditional path for me was five and two but i did a year of research so it was eight gotcha so eight long years eight worth years that's right are there any sub-specialties that take us long for post-med training because eight years is quite some time yeah you know i think there's probably some some fields in radiology when they they do radiology they may be going to interventional they could easily end up being that long because radiology is several years plus if you do interventional it's a couple more years or another year so pretty close i bet okay so any other surgical specialties that take that long um i think neurosurgery is pretty darn close yeah yeah i think they are pretty close did you ever think about getting other degrees like an mba or an mph at all man that's a great question i actually at one point when i finished my medical training i thought that getting my mba would be something good because i knew that i was going to go into private practice and of course when you go out into private practice you got to run a business too so i thought about getting my mba but because i have such a heavy business family i decided man i'm just going to stick with where i am because i was almost 40 when i got out of med school actually i was 39 when i finished my training so at that time if i had gone forward to do more it would have been way too long for me i needed to start making some money to pay off my loans understandable now one of my favorite questions what would you say is the most unique part of your specialty well hold on let me kick back for a second the joys of having your own office hey man you're getting you're getting the feel of what it's like to be a patient um so wait ask that again what would you say is the most unique part of your specialty i think one of the most unique parts of the specialty is the idea that we don't just treat kids we can treat young people older people you can do reconstructive work you can do cosmetic work that's really what drew me into plastic surgery at the end of the day was that it's so diverse there's so many different angles you can go to within our specialty you could do pediatrics you could do cleft cleft lip cleft palate specialty craniofacial or if you just want to be a cosmetic surgeon and that's what your thing is you can do that too so for me i think what grabbed me was the diversity of how many different things that you had to be good at it's kind of like mastering a lot of things and and i love the ability to be able to do that in this specialty for sure of course and this is the clinic part so yes what about the or part oh man you know i love the surgery room that's the or is like the favorite place for every surgeon that is our theater we all we all joke that um you know why do we have to go to clinic i mean i love talking to patients and i truly enjoy that it's something i feel like i'm good at but the or is like my favorite place i love it yeah so i think we should show them a little sneak peek into what it's like to be in the or then let's go do that bud welcome to the theater hey we're going to show you the or we're getting set up for a case tomorrow but while we're doing that let's answer a few more questions absolutely so i always love this question because i let the doctors sell their specialty kind of like a car salesman so why should someone choose plastic oh man so you know when i was deciding what i wanted to do the first reason i think that you should choose plastic surgery that i think it's a great field right because it's different for everybody is i love the diversity of the field but lifestyle was an issue for me and i'm not just talking about making money i mean lifestyle of how how busy i thought i was going to be at the end of the day and being able to get home to my kids and i think one of the things that i love about plastic surgery is you don't have to take a ton of call if you don't want to and so the versatility to be able to sort of manage my day and plan that out is great and then the other thing i like i said is what i love about plastics that i think is really attractive for a lot of people it's just the versatility of the specialty is you could just do so much from the reconstructive as well as cosmetic standpoint so flip it around why should someone not choose your specialty why should someone not choose plastic if you're not good at being a psychiatrist you shouldn't choose plastic surgery honestly really um i'll tell you we deal with a lot of different personalities on the cosmetic side for sure but i don't just think that the cosmetic side is that way the reconstructive side is that way too right like we're helping people try to look and feel their best and to be honest with you if you're not really good at consoling and sitting and explaining and going through some of that aspect with patients it can be a tough field for a lot of people like you really do we jokingly say that we're psychiatrists with a knife but to be honest with you um we really are like and i don't mean just by the work that we do i mean just from the aspect of you've got to really really be able to talk to patients that is a really great answer that i wasn't expecting at all yeah for sure it's it's um there's a lot involved you know with every specialty and being able to talk to patients but i do feel like plastic surgery can specifically be very tough in that way gotcha so fun question are there any stereotypes about your specialty mine no there's no plastics i think you know the one stereotype one of the stereotypes that we have to fight a lot in battle is everyone thinks that we only care about money and it's all about the cosmetics and that's all there is to plastic surgery it's all the glam and the glitz and i think that's probably something we fight a lot because all you guys see is hollywood and what's on instagram and what's on all the social media stuff what's really important to understand is that there's so much more than that gotcha well next question is are any of the stereotypes true oh i think for some people the stereotype stereotypes are definitely true um i think you're gonna always find in every specialty there's people in your field who do play into that stereotype and all they really do care about is the money and all they really do care about is the glam and the glitz and so i think there's definitely some people to live up to that but that that's not my way that's not how i am but i definitely think that that there are people that play into that gotcha so i know you've probably gotten a chance to work with some students some residents what is your go-to answer or question to ask those students and residents when you're in the or i think for any surgeon the answer to this question is anatomy we are anatomists at our at our heart that's what we love it's what we do so i think always always always i tend to default to some type of an anatomy question for sure oh alrighty now we all want to know what does an average day for you look like as you're preparing for a case oh god okay so what does the average day look like for me so i usually get up around probably between four and five i always start my day out with a workout i'm super super into exercise and health and fitness i'm one of those crazy crossfitters and i've been doing it for eight years and it's really really enjoyable to me and i love to start out my day exercising because whether i'm hitting clinic or whether i'm hitting surgery i love just getting that sweat in early and it just gets me charged up for the day because my energy levels are high and it doesn't matter for me whether it's a clinic day or a surgery day either way i tend to get up between four and five most of the time good job how many patients do you see on an average day i'll say it depends so if i have a heavy consultation day it might be like 8 to 10 maybe 12 patients with follow-ups sometimes 15 or so what's the most amount of patients you've ever seen in a day oh man this includes training too oh it does yes oh god early on in training 30 or 40 easily if not more we used to see a ton of follow-ups what is the hardest procedure that you've ever done oh man so this i'll have to go back to residency for this one so um we i trained in nebraska in omaha that's where i did plastic surgery training and uh we did a lot of head and neck reconstruction and so we dealt with a lot of tumors in the head neck and the jaw and so i would say one of the hardest procedures we ever did was a free fibula flap where the guy had half of his half of his mandible taken out because he had a tumor and it grew into the floor of his mouth and so you go down to the leg and you you actually dissect out a skin paddle that's attached to the bone and has blood supply and you then isolate a segment of the bone and they actually do 3d scans before surgery to actually map out a 3d imaging of their jaw and you actually so you actually isolate the fibular bone you saw across the fibula identify the the arterial and the venous pedicle clip across the pedicle take that bone and skin we make cuts in the bone and you plate it so that it exactly matches their jaw and then for the soft tissue reconstruction you actually suture the skin paddle into the floor of the mouth to where they took the tumor out and you have to hook in the artery in the vein and what made that really hard was this particular case we should do those all the time but you send them to recovery and the vascular pedicle went down so our anastomosis under the microscope went down we lost tones and so we had to take the guy back to try to revive it we had to repeat that process two or three times it just kept going down and we didn't know why but the pedicle kept clotting we eventually saved it for that guy but we spent probably i think it was 18 or 20 hours trying to get that flap to live which is crazy so i'm gonna head in here you guys want to see what the or looks like real quick before we answer a couple questions i'm sure the overwhelming answer would be yes let's do it man so as they say so this is where this is where it all happens we won't be using that um this is where it all happens so uh this is a private surgery center so obviously you always have to have your crash card in here it's a very small or this is where we keep all the sutures and all the things that we need during surgery anesthesia machine they haven't turned this room this room was turned over but they haven't made the bed yet so we'll make that soon back here we keep a lot of storage um of things that we just need and then obviously for for cosmetic procedures we keep our breast implants in here but it's a pretty small room it's not as big as you might think it is but this is where it all happens so i think a fitting question to ask in the middle of an or is what's the most common procedure you do so for me i do a ton of breast surgery um it's not just cosmetic breasts i do a lot of breast cancer reconstruction this is what we're preparing for for this case it's actually it's a breast augmentation but um i only do breast and body i stopped doing faith several years ago just because it didn't excite me as much as i like to do breasts and body so i'm heavily involved in breast cancer reconstruction and then breast and body cosmetic procedures for the most part so what's the most memorable case you've encountered so far oh you know what i have a really good case this is a great story so a couple years ago um i saw a kid in my clinic who was getting bullied by the football team he actually played football 17 year old kid yeah 17 year old kid got a camacia case so he had male enlargement of the breast and so he came in to see me and we talked about doing a gynecomastia procedure which is basically liposuction of the chest and then you actually have to make an incision around the nipple aerial or complex in order to take out the gynecomastia tissue you can't leave it behind so unfortunately insurance unfortunately insurance doesn't usually cover those cases so we gave the family a quote and uh and then like a month went by and i said to my emmy i was like hey whatever happened to that kid man like we never saw him back and when this kid came to my clinic literally couldn't look me in the face had a hat on pulled down over his eyes big guy looking at the floor she calls the family and the mom's like listen you know we we just can't afford it like we really want to do it and we can't afford it so i felt i felt bad so i was like you know what let's let's try to just knock the quote down let's just bill it as like let's book it as like a liposuction case and not even not even book it is like a more a more difficult case so then like another couple months went by and we called again and the mom was like you know we really want to do it we just we just can't afford it so i was like man this sucks and uh and i don't know what came over me but i was like you know what i'm gonna do this for free like i'm not gonna charge the kid it just like really it really bothered me that the kid was so affected so bullied so much that it affected like who he was and i was like what what is the big deal like i don't need to make another couple thousand dollars like i'm just gonna help this kid so i called the family and i told the mom i was like i'm gonna do it for free i'm gonna pay for the anesthesia i'm going to pay for the facility i'm going to get donate my surgeon's fee and we're just going to do this and she was crying elated so the better the best part of the story is when i and i did the case here when i came here i told my anesthesiologist what i was doing and she was like mama donate my my fee for free too and she's like and you know what we own the surgery center so we're going to donate that for free too and we did the case for the kid comes back to my clinic two months post-op smiling eyes showing looking me in the face totally happy completely changed his kid's life and i have to tell you it's moments like that in cases like that in my profession for what i do that mean everything so that's my most memorable case that's awesome well i think i gotta go the other end of the spectrum kind of what is the toughest part of your job oh man plastic surgery um what is the toughest part of my job you know this is probably not what you're going to expect but um being a guy who um who's in private practice something they don't teach you guys in med school is how to run the business right so so i've got i've got the or part down i've got the surgery part down and i would have to say that the hardest part for me is running the practice and managing employees and keeping people motivated and happy for sure now always ending on a positive note what is the most rewarding part of your job uh the most rewarding part of my job i have to say is seeing people's lives change right in front of you just from the procedures and the things that we do to help them regain confidence and feel good in their body again whether it's cosmetic or reconstructive by far the happiest part of my job is when patients come back to the clinic like with this kid and i can visibly see how changed that they are all ready now some quick fire questions about the lifestyle yeah so how many hours do you work in an average week uh probably about 35 to 40 for me 35 to 40. yeah okay and what time do you normally wake up i know you talked about it for a little bit yeah probably i said between four and five but usually probably around 4 30 is the most common time yeah what time do you normally leave like the or clinic the good part about me being in private practice is um for clinic i try not to be there past five o'clock i've got twin boys that are 12 and i try to be home for that for the or i structure my day so i'm always done before five o'clock unless i have an emergency how many hours of sleep are you typically working on six that's all i need how many hours of sleep are you working on right now six do you have to take call i do not it's random but uh you know when i first got out it's interesting i thought man i'm going to be taking call trauma call doing all this crazy stuff and in our town it was kind of a closed thing where like only four or five guys were on the call schedule and if you tried to like go to the er and take call they wouldn't let you so i built my practice doing most reconstructions for skin cancer people with holes in their face so i've never i've never had to take calls since i've been out which is crazy day or night person i think that's changed so i used to be such a night owl and like two or three years ago i realized how important it was for me to get to bed earlier and uh i probably i'm usually in bed now that kids probably 8 39 pm easily okay i love this question because it's very underrated but important part of every physician's career yeah how long does it take you to chart at the end of your day ah so something that's different about me i am anal retentive about getting charting done and i have had an electronic medical record system in my practice since day one and i have to tell you it's been a goal of mine and i've stayed true to it is to get all of my charting done before the end of clinic so i literally will get my notes done almost before i go in to see the next patient wholesome question who are you most thankful for on your care team on my care team yes in my office yeah say so dude i can't pick just one person everyone has such a huge role in the practice so i definitely can't pick one person because everyone has their role all righty that's that's a good safe answer it's true though man i mean you think about it without an office manager without the medical assistants without the nursing staff without everybody nothing happens right yeah all right uh so you did a lot of surgeries in chicago yeah i saw some crazy things so what is the craziest thing you have ever seen in a patient chart you know without violating hepa in the chart yes oh man like what they came in for or in the chart well both either or so ah easy all right i got you you ready yeah okay so i'll never forget when i um this was my last trauma case at mount sinai hospital in chicago this was crazy last trauma that came in that i saw is this guy was was we think was trying to break into an apartment and he was scaling the apartment building to get in and he literally slipped and fell and when he fell you know that in in big cities like new york and chicago they have the metal fences that surround apartment complexes and the spokes that go up this guy fell and impelled himself on the fence but it went up through his armpit and it came out just posterior to his clavicle chicago fire department cuts the gate the guy comes in with the gate under his arm on the gurney and they wheel him into the or talking no problem at all we get a quick chest x-ray no new more thorax nothing's bleeding out of the wounds we can't believe that like this guy nothing nothing got injured so we get all his films cleared we take them up to the or and you know you get them prepped and you get them ready because when you take it out you're expecting some bleeding and something to happen so we take the gate out we pull out the rung pull it straight out slides out no problem nothing's bleeding and we're like what in the hell like how is this guy how does he not have a collapse lung and what ended up happening was the metal great skived his rib cage slid through the fascial planes of the rib cage put a little bit of a rung in like one of his fourth or fifth ribs came out just posterior to the clavicle and missed all the subclavian vessels we pulled it out he had no pneumothorax went home the next day nuts that was my last trauma case used up all his luck in one night now what is the most common medical advice you give to patients um the most common advice that i give to who your patients oh to my patients what is the most common advice i give to my patients i think probably one of the hardest things that i do is managing their expectations so patients come in to see me whether it's reconstructive or not patients come in to see me and they have in their mind what they want to look like or what they're trying to achieve if i can't manage what is reality and what they want then it's really hard for them to be successful and have a good result and now you've also managed to find a way to merge your medical career with a budding creative field on social media so how have you been able to find that balance between education and fun as a plastic surgeon yeah you know i got to tell you um i love to educate and i've always loved to educate um in the beginning i think managing like tik tok and youtube and instagram and putting out good content was really hard i didn't really know what i was doing as the years kind of rolled through i've just gotten good at creating content and planning it out i mean i have busy enough platforms right now that i have someone helping me but i don't know man i'm a savant in that way like i wake up and it's go time i have in my mind i just things come to me i'm like i have like this motivational post that i want to make i'll find a picture and i'll just post it or i'll pre-plan out a couple of posts that i put up over the next few days but i will tell you it is a tough balance and there's no question like if you don't love doing it then you will never make it happen but because i enjoy educating doing a little comedy doing a little inspiration it just kind of is part of my workflow in the day and between patients i might run in and put some stuff on my instagram stories or answer a question and i just work it into my day but it's it's definitely not easy sure so now we've talked a lot about your life as a surgeon so how about your life when you clock out so what is your favorite thing to do when you are not working hands down it's hanging out with my family right like i have twin boys or 12 years old they want nothing more than to hang out with dad and so i think for me my favorite thing to do at the end of my day is to kind of walk through the door see their smiling faces because when you become a parent you will realize that all the other things in life don't matter that your sole job is to train and raise those children to be really good humans to do good things so that's that's definitely my number one all right well speaking of how many kids do you have two that's it twins they're 12 brodie and graham they're awesome man they're they're the greatest kids ever my boys are autistic and their minds they think in ways that none of us would ever consider thinking and they they see the world in a different way and they have without a doubt made me a better person just by seeing the way that they think and what the what they the way they envision the world that's awesome now does your family ever ask you for random medical advice all the time are you kidding me people call me for like my mom called me yesterday she's like your dad's got a trigger finger he's got to go have this done or and i'm like oh god i don't do hand anymore mom like i can tell you what a trigger finger is and i know how to to do it but like people always call with random medical advice and my favorite is when someone calls you for like an ob question and i'm like i am not a gynecologist like you're gonna have to call your doctor for that one say on that note uh what's the weirdest question a family friend has ever asked you god the weirdest question a family member has ever asked me about medicine yes oh man i don't know i have to think about that it's okay could be something random usually everyone's answer is some sort of skin condition they'll they'll send pictures of rashes and stuff oh god yeah people send me that you know actually i'll tell you pediatric rash without a doubt i had a family member send me a picture like do you know what this is on sophie's arm and i'm like i have i have no idea i'm like i'm not a pediatrician i don't know oh any pets i don't i'm allergic i'm one of those guys what's your favorite animal not a dog or cat my favorite animal not a dog or a cat sloth i love sloths that's a unique choice i haven't heard that one yet have you ever seen a sloth yes they're terrifying they're awesome if you could have dinner with anyone in history who would it be i always hate these questions if i could have dinner with anyone in hmm you know it would have been cool if i was even coherent and could talk at that point and have rational thoughts but myself like at a really young age like you know i have no memories before like five wouldn't it be cool to have dinner with yourself at five just to see how you were and how you acted i think that'd be cool i would love to sit at a table with myself when i was like five years old and just see how i was i think that'd be cool that's one of the best answers i've ever gotten um what would you guys be eating at that dinner with that dinner with yourself dude mac and cheese all day and pizza good choice what's your favorite dish to eat i'm a barbecue guy so barbecue ribs being from georgia boiled peanuts barbecued ribs cornbread all the southern comfort stuff is my jam coffee tea or soda uh you know what you're gonna laugh as a doctor i don't drink coffee not really a tea guy health and fitness nut i drink a lot of water well i don't know i've never been a coffee guy and people are like how do you not drink coffee well speaking of water i love this question because every doctor gives me a different answer how much water should you be drinking every day oh god here we go so the u the routine answer is a gallon a day right so i do i drink a gallon a day but i've been doing that for a really long time it really matters how big you are as to how well hydrated you need to be so the real medical answer to that question is you should be peeing clear so that you're well that's a good answer yeah oh favorite meal from the hospital cafeteria when you were in training oh bro when i was when i was at mount sinai in chicago it was for sure cheeseburger and fries you know hospitals what blows me away about hospitals the most unhealthy crappy food on planet earth exists in a hospital and i don't understand it but for sure as a resident i was a fries and cheeseburger guy all day all day all right pineapple on pizza yes or no oh god for me it's a heck no all righty you're normal do you like it no i said i agree with you you're the normal one i'm a hell no uh any artistic hobbies you keep up with besides the video work oh can't draw to save my life um any artistic hobbies for me surgery i guess if you want to call that a hobby it's more of a profession but uh i'm not really artistic man i mean i guess i'm artistic minded but i don't have any artistic things that i do not true all right favorite kind of music to listen to in the or country country yeah i mean i'm too i'm either country or like hip-hop i love hip-hop type music top three music artists for you you're coming in hot these are supposed to be the easy questions well i listen to so much stuff god um i love good old classic garth brooks garth garth is awesome and and you're going to laugh but dude i love love rap like i'm not rap but i love like hip hop type music so like b.i.g love the notorious b.i.g that's a good that's up there for me i love his music and uh what would be a third one for me how about some classic like led zeppelin i love some of that old school led zeppelin music these are all good choices yeah dude come on not prepared wait for the next one what's one song you think everyone should listen to before they die wow so what song lights my fire um how many people say stairway to heaven that's not my answer i think i've only heard one person say that now that i don't think that would be my answer um like what's a what's a favorite song that i think everyone should hear like that makes me feel happy it's gotta be a happy song right doesn't have to be stumped bro first song at the top of your head without thinking that's that's typically the one i know because everyone's thinking about it um you know the funny thing is the first thing that came to my head crimea river by justin timberlake all right that's the case that's the answer you're on your way out and it's like cry me a river here we go [Laughter] alrighty one random task you wish you could be better at um drawing for sure drawing looks amazing i really really wish that i could draw and i would maybe lump into that as singing a task or actually playing an instrument i would you know what i take that back drawing would be amazing but i've always wanted to be like a masterful guitar player like i think that would be badass what is the best way that you relax after a long day oh man so for me the best way i relax after a long day man i love to chill out in the backyard in my at our house and just deal with and just deal with like watching like back by the pool hanging out totally casual it's really nice outside that's what i love about it okay uh night in or go out on the town kind of person night in for sure no doubt uh indoors or outdoors outdoors all day beecher mountains ah mountains would you consider yourself more of an introvert or an extrovert extrovert all the way and do you think that personality trait was a factor in you choosing your i don't think so because surgeons tend to be people who i would think would be more introverted and not like to talk to people and i actually love talking to people all right well we're getting close to the end but these will be some more reflective deeper questions cool okay so first one what did you think you were going to be when you grew up as a kid architect architect nice a sort of am i guess an architect of the body that's such a certain answer is there a different specialty you think you could have done yeah for sure um i think interventional radiology would have been really cool like i i still love the technical handsy aspect and i think ir would have been awesome nice now if you didn't do medicine what do you think you'd be doing right now something in health and fitness no doubt because i i think another thing that i'm passionate about is motivating people health and wellness wise to kind of just live that healthy lifestyle so it'd be something health and fitness for sure yeah we talked about this earlier and everybody that has pursued a field of medicine knows it is not easy at all so were there any times you doubted you would make it as a doctor oh yeah tons i mean i i knew that i was going to make it through medical school but there were definitely time i mean who doesn't have self-doubt there's so many hoops you have to jump through that there were definitely times along the way that i questioned like god am i going to get through these exams am i going to pass that board exam but uh but i i um i think you just you just realize that that's just part of the game and i never ever ever had a moment where i said i was gonna quit but i for sure had moments of discouragement where i thought god am i gonna make it absolutely now if you could change one thing about the medical field right now what would it be insurance i think the insurance system has gravely ruined the ability to give care the way that we want to i think it's made doctors do things that they wouldn't ordinarily do just so they could survive and make money this is a pretty common theme across all my interviews for sure how what can a medical student do right now to prepare to go into your specialty of plastic surgery oh you know so i answer this question all the time and i tell med students this all the time your focus is to make good grades do well and as you're moving towards like that third and fourth year you just really need to take a deep dive and reflect on what do you want your life to look like being in practice i think that that is really important and under look that you really have to consider what do you want your lifestyle to be do you want to be present more with your kids are you looking to be at work more is your goal money or is your goal balance in life and so what i would tell you is to heavily weigh those things because it will play into the rest of your life and get married you have kids and whether you do or don't have kids the other thing i think that's really important is consider finances in life right like not about making too much money or not making enough money but where do you want to live do you want to live in a city that's going to require you to make more money i think all those things are things that are real topics that you have to consider at the end of the day you have to go with your gut in whatever specialty you want but if you're going to move towards plastic surgery i will tell you this do not do it for the money people don't think that we're all rich and we're not i do it because i truly love it i genuinely enjoy the cases that i do the lives that i get to touch and so if you're gonna be a plastic surgeon you better be doing it for the right reasons great great answer now if you were to go back would you change any of your experiences that got you to where you are right now definitely not i bet you everyone says that we'll all tell you that the the things that led up to being where we are the failures the successes got us to where we are and i don't think i would change that for anything yeah i don't think there's a single person that said otherwise yeah now finally question 73 this is it yup what would you say to the aspiring plastic surgeon right now it's a great profession i love what i do every single day i genuinely mean that are there moments that are not pleasant and not fun absolutely but i love what i do every day i love the diversity of the field i enjoy the impact that i get to make on cancer patients lives and non-cancer patients lives and so i would have to tell you if it's something that you think you're interested in there are so many things you can do within the field and i would pursue it and be awesome at it dedicate your life to being awesome at it great words of advice dr brown thank you so much for your time that is all i have for you my man thank you and enjoy the case tomorrow for sure

  Top Comments:
  1. @NDMD [205 likes]: Have you missed the 73Q series? :)
  2. @aryanpatel8482 [3 likes]: “Are there any stereotypes about your specialty” 

Dr. Rich: ha 🤑 ha 💵 ha 🛥️ ha 🤑 ha 💰……no
  3. @rupeshboddapati [1 likes]: Thank you very much! I am a medical student at the University of Toledo College of Medicine & Life Sciences, and currently, I am interested in pursuing plastic surgery as my future career, and this video provides some great inspiration!
  4. @brendasollers5252 [1 likes]: Hi,where are you located in Maryland?
  5. @rondiehl7719: What an amazing doctor! I love listening to him!
  6. @RodrigoV2: 20:24: Great answer to this one!
  7. @Brycew6: 19:35
  8. @gretcheno3125: Can someone help me decide whether to stay as a nurse or to fulfill my desire to pursue surgery, even though I'm already 30, and have a desire to have children someday? 

I'm a woman, and the best fertility window for women is from pubery to 35. You can give birth later in life, but it comes with increased risk of complications. You can mitigate some risks with the help of science, but that can be very expensive, depending on what kind of assistance you need.
  9. @nl9807: He is so cool! ⭐️
  10. @Continuedonebeing: I like surgeons and nurses they do a lot of work and doctors too, but I don’t know what kind of doctors do a lot of work. I’ve been figuring out things too and it’s very cool.
  11. @Continuedonebeing: Not trying to be mean or rude or come off as mean, I don’t like doctors but I’ve been learning more about doctors every day and I like it
  12. @brendasollers9750: Where are you located?
  13. @aloe29975: You should definitely interview Dr. Daisy Sanchez
  14. @erikj.nuveenmddmd6557: Oral and maxillofacial surgery and then cosmetic surgery training is 7-8 years.  Neurosurgery is 7 years. Interventional radiology is 7-8 years. Cardiothoracic surgery is 7-8 years.
  15. @aisha6577: He is such an inspiration! I am 24 and graduating with my BSN and want to pursue medicine. I have 4 classes to take after I graduate for medical school prereqs and hope to work as a nurse during that year and apply to medical school by 26-27.
  16. @aisha6577: wow started medical school at 27 and so accomplished
  17. @abijahdixon2771: Awesome video as always! I was born with a bilateral cleft lip and palate so I've had a lot of operations😂 the last plastic surgeon that I had locally for this type of operation is an incredibly kinda man, my mom was telling me how all the nurses said they were nervous cause he was well known from down south(Im in Alaska) and that he was such a nice guy. I have adhd and it is so true that people on a NT spectrum think so differently, we are always wanting to learn, so I love these types of videos.
  18. @purplgrits7916: Great interview,great doc
  19. @joseaguirre9389: I know Dr Richard Brown had a low GPA before he decided to do medicine, I was wondering what he did and how he was able to get into MD School. I know there’s DO’s but I want to apply myself for MD school first. If i do DO I wouldn’t have much of a shot at doing anything related to surgery.
  20. @ceciliagreene8981: What a beautiful inspiring soul...i loved every minute of this interview, so laid back and natural,,,Dr Brown is an epic story teller too, God Bless him and his family !!❣

- So You Want to Be a PLASTIC SURGEON [Ep. 4]: Kind: captions Language: en So you want to be a plastic surgeon. You like the idea of making millions, working with celebrities, doing boob jobs and facelifts. Not so fast. We're going to debunk the public perception myths of what it means to be a plastic surgeon, and give it to you straight. This is the reality of plastic surgery, and we'll help you decide if it's a good field for you. Dr. Jubbal, MedSchoolInsiders.com. Welcome to our next installment in the So You Want To Be series. In this series, we highlight a specific specialty within medicine, such as plastic surgery, and help you decide if it's a good fit for you. You can find the entire list on our So You Want To Be playlist. A lot of you have asked for plastic surgery in the last video, so that's what we're covering here. If you want to see what being a plastic surgeon actually looks like, check out my second channel Kevin Jubbal, M.D., where I do a second series in parallel titled a Day in the Life. We'll be doing a day in the life of a plastic surgeon soon, so make sure you're subscribed so that you don't miss it. Plastic surgery is all about using plastic to make people look pretty, right? No, and never repeat those words. The word plastic comes from the Greek word “plastikos“, meaning “to mold”, a reference to how plastic surgery is involved in the reshaping and manipulation of tissues. Generally speaking, plastic surgeons focus on soft tissue such as skin, muscle, and fat, rather than bones, which are in the territory of orthopedic surgeons. Plastic surgery is far more diverse than what you probably expect. The public is most familiar with aesthetic, or cosmetic plastic surgery that has been popularized by celebrities and showbiz, but the overwhelming majority of actual surgical procedures in plastic surgery are reconstructive in nature. In 2018, there were 5.8 million reconstructive surgical procedures in the U.S., compared to only 1.8 million cosmetic surgical procedures. That being said, non-surgical minimally invasive cosmetic procedures, like botox or fillers, are extremely popular. In 2018 alone, there were 15.9 million non-surgical cosmetic procedures. So what's the difference between cosmetic and reconstructive plastic surgery? Cosmetic plastic surgery includes procedures involved with enhancing one's appearance. The most popular cosmetic surgical procedures include breast augmentation or "boob job", liposuction, rhinoplasty or "nose reshaping", blepharoplasty or "eyelid surgery", and abdominoplasty or "tummy tuck". The most popular cosmetic non-surgical procedures include botox injections, soft tissue fillers, chemical peels, laser hair removal, and microdermabrasion. Reconstructive plastic surgery is highly diverse, and in my personal opinion, far more fascinating. Recon includes surgical procedures to correct facial and body abnormalities that can be caused by birth defects, like cleft lip, or cleft palate, injury, like soft tissue reconstruction for severe traumatic injuries, disease, like breast reconstruction after mastectomy for breast cancer, or aging. Plastic surgery is on the cutting edge of innovation in medicine, with radical procedures like face and hand transplants, or even gender reassignment surgeries that are so convincing you wouldn't believe it. The first surgical case I saw was an animated latissimus dorsi transfer where we created a makeshift bicep, or rather elbow flexor, out of a patient's lat muscle in their back. With the beauty of neuroplasticity in the brain, the patient was able to train themselves to bend the elbow by focusing on activating their latissimus dorsi muscle. I talked more about this first case and how I fell in love with plastic surgery in a previous video. Link in the description. Another one of my favorites was doing a nerve graft to treat Bell's palsy hemifacial paralysis. In short, one side of the patient's face was paralyzed, so we harvested the sural nerve from their leg and using microsurgical techniques, grafted it to their face to reanimate to the paralyzed side. I know. Straight science fiction. Between cosmetic and reconstructive practices, one isn't necessarily better than the other, but there are pros and cons which we'll get to shortly. I was obviously enamored by the complex recon, and would sometimes tease my cosmetic-focused colleague that I'm at least helping the world and not just trying to make a quick buck. To which he responded, "I'm also making the world a better place, one pair of breasts at a time." In the hospital, we call plastic surgeons the "surgeon's surgeon", as they are the most relied upon by other surgical specialists. Anytime a neurosurgeon, urologist, general surgeon, orthopedic surgeon, otolaryngologist, or any other surgeon needs help with complex coverage in reconstruction, they call in the plastic surgeons. Unlike any other surgical specialty, plastic surgery is unrestricted by body part. They work on any part of the body, from head to toe, hands to feet, eyelids to genitalia. To become a plastic surgeon, there are two paths of training after completing medical school. The first called the Integrated Path, whereby you complete 6 years of plastic surgery residency, and this is the path that I took. This is consistently the number one or number two most competitive specialty to match into. To give you a sense of just how competitive this is, one of my colleagues went into neurosurgery, another very competitive field because he said plastics was too competitive. If the integrated path is out of reach, all hope is not lost. There is also the Independent Path, whereby you first complete 5 years of general surgery residency and then apply for an additional 3 years of independent plastic surgery residency, for a total of eight years. This route is best suited for those who either did not know they wanted to go into plastic surgery when they were applying to residency, or those who were unable to match into the Integrated Path. After completing residency, you can practice as a plastic surgeon, or choose to sub-specialize further with 1 to 2 years of fellowship. These are the main pockets of self specialization you can choose from: Plastic surgeon specializing in breast obviously can do breast augmentation, but also a major part of their practice includes breast cancer reconstruction. After the general surgeon removes the tumor, the plastic surgeon comes in with a variety of techniques and procedures to restore a woman's anatomy. Breast surgeons also do breast reductions and lifts, among other procedures. Craniofacial trained plastic surgeons specialize in soft tissue reconstruction of the head and face. Their bread and butter includes pathologies like cleft lip and cleft palate, or craniosynostosis, whereby sutures in the skull fuse prematurely resulting in abnormal head shapes and babies, and they'll even fix your broken jaw. Microsurgery is the most innovative and sci-fi sub-specialization within plastic surgery. The "micro" in microsurgery refers to the microscopes used when connecting blood vessels or nerves together. This allows for moving tissues around the body, like the nerve graft for facial reanimation in Bell's palsy. Microsurgical cases are some of the longest, with some lasting over 24 hours, and it also comes with a challenging call schedule. For that reason, we say microsurgery is a young man's sport. It's probably not the ideal lifestyle when you're 50 years old with a family and kids. Hand was what I fell in love with and was planning on specializing in. The hand has some of the most complex, intricate and beautiful anatomy in the entire human body. Hand surgery includes pathologies, like carpal tunnel, fractures, contractures, and resections and reconstruction. Burn is the black sheep of the family and is not nearly as precise, meticulous, or fun as the rest of plastic surgery. That being said, It's incredibly important as burn victims are in great need. And last, aesthetic plastic surgery, which is what you're likely most familiar with. Breast augmentation, rhinoplasty, abdominoplasty, and liposuction are some of the most common procedures performed. If you couldn't already tell, I'm enamored with plastic surgery. The diversity and variety you'll experience in plastics is second to none. Additionally, it's the most innovative field in medicine, period. Much of it still seems to be science fiction. If you like precision, meticulousness, and obsession with details, plastic surgery may be a good fit. No other specialty obsesses over the most precise way to close an incision to optimize healing and minimize scarring. In medical school, I found myself reading books on how to suture or tie better knots while everyone else was more concerned with their shelf exams. If you're the type of person to take interest in such detail, plastics is probably for you Pay is more variable than other specialties, and no, you're not guaranteed to be driving around in a Ferrari or Lambo. Recon, especially in the academic settings, doesn't pay nearly as well as aesthetic practices. That being said, you'll still have quite a good lifestyle, as compensation is above average, most surgeries are not urgent, and call isn't so bad. However, if you do choose microsurgery or handle face trauma, then your call will be far more taxing. Lastly, changes in health care and reimbursement are worrisome to attending physicians of all specialties. Luckily for plastic surgeons, they always have the option of going to a cash-based aesthetic practice, thus granting them relative immunity to possible decreases in reimbursement on a systemic scale. No specialty is perfect, and plastic surgery is no exception. In terms of personalities, plastic surgery is a mixed bag. Because it's a diverse field, the prospect of making millions as an aesthetic surgeon attracts a small number of trainees who are more concerned with money and appearances than actual substance. I'm going to teach you something that most doctors don't even know. There's a great deal of confusion with plastic surgeons versus cosmetic surgeons, and this isn't so much a problem with plastic surgery as it is a problem with branding. if you want to get cosmetic work done, you should go to a board-certified plastic surgeon. Plastic surgeons are the masters of all cosmetic procedures, as they've gone through a minimum of 6 to 8 years to earn their distinction of being board certified in plastic surgery. Cosmetic surgeons, on the other hand, do not have rigorous standards for training. I've seen non-surgical doctors of various specialties, from OB GYN to anesthesia, emergency medicine to primary care, and more touting themselves as cosmetic surgeons after completing a weekend course on how to do botox. They obviously have no business doing any cosmetic procedures, but greed is a powerful force. It's dangerous quackery like this that gives cosmetic surgery a bad wrap and results in the horror stories of patients having severe complications or even dying. There's also a common misconception that plastic surgery is a highly creative and artistic field. Don't get me wrong, compared to anything else in medicine, It definitely is, especially if you go into aesthetics. You're incorporating the art and science of beauty into your surgical treatment. That being said, it's not like you can go in and creatively wing it and do something new. For any defect or goal and treatment, there are only a few standards of care to choose from that have tolerable risk profiles and high rates of success. Plastic surgery isn't for everyone, but how can you know if it's right for you? First, make sure you actually enjoy the bulk of plastic surgery. I wasn't personally in love with burn, but everything else was so incredibly innovative and cool. Shadow more than just one plastic surgeon, as the field is so diverse and varied. Scrubbing into a microsurgical case will feel entirely different than doing aesthetics or even craniofacial. In terms of personality, you should be comfortable with almost painfully precise attention to detail and meticulousness. If the thought of mastering the art of suturing bores you, or you prefer the use of staples and closures, which is blasphemy to a plastic surgeon, then look elsewhere. Lastly, you have to be willing to work your tail off. Plastic surgery is so insanely competitive that if you're allergic to hard work, you might as well look elsewhere. That doesn't just mean top grades in class, but also crushing your standardized tests, having multiple publications, a strong personal statement, and of course, killer interview skills. But you don't have to go at it alone. At Med School Insiders, we've distilled our expertise into a systematic and repeatable process that delivers results. Using these same principles, I got a 99.9th percentile score on my MCAT, full tuition scholarship to a top medical school, aced my USMLE, was prolific in research with over 60 publications and matched into the ultra-competitive specialty of plastic surgery. As you know, I'm a firm believer that systems produce results. That's why my team and I at Med School Insiders obsessed over how to become the best admissions consulting and tutoring company for future physicians. our mission is to empower a generation of happier, healthier, and more effective future doctors. From medical school or residency application health to crushing your MCAT or USMLE, we've got your back. And our results speak for themselves. We've become the fastest-growing company in the space with the highest satisfaction ratings. See for yourself and learn more at MedSchoolInsiders.com. What type of surgeon should I cover in the next So you want to be video? Let me know with a comment down below. If you enjoyed the video, please give us a thumbs-up as it keeps the YouTube gods happy. As always, thank you all so much for watching. Much love to you all, and I will see you guys in that next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MedSchoolInsiders [125 likes]: What specialty should we cover next? Let me know with a comment below and I'll prioritize whichever ones are most popular!
  2. @natethomas3793 [6 likes]: when I first became interested in attending medical school, I went and bought a practice suture kit, and I worked really hard to get the hang of the subcuticular technique. Now I’m primarily interested in neurosurgery, but that interest in cleaning up the scarring as much as possible still persists :)
  3. @Aabiribndaafi [1 likes]: 11:10-11:21, damn Dr Kevin Jubbal is goated now why on earth did he quit?
  4. @sinhashreyansh [1 likes]: Love it! Gonna be an asthetic plastic surgery👍
  5. @BirdddsEye08 [1 likes]: Please do " so you want to just keep dreaming "
  6. @BirdddsEye08 [1 likes]: Please do " So you want to be a traffic light inspector" Askin for a frnd .
  7. @josefjael6851 [1 likes]: Sound interesting very bombastic 😂😮
  8. @Greendevil-g88 [1 likes]: I'm inspired
  9. @LandonJines [1 likes]: I want to be a plastic surgeon but I don't have the steadiest hands in the west
  10. @neurolemma254: For once I can confidently watch your videos,,,I passed my end term exams!
  11. @shalinpatel-xk6ce: Can you tell me about an infectious research scientist???
  12. @mayarosegamer7955: Yeah no I'm just gonna go with dentist
  13. @Funlife1000fun: As a plastic surgeon can u chose to do only reconstructive surgery and does the hospital allow you not to do surgeries that doesn’t align with ur moral compass?
  14. @amrelshamy2651: This video typically describes why I chose to be a plastic surgeon
  15. @edwardvassell4371: if there is no patent for remote control inflatable breast implants, then im getting one.
  16. @vanir8552: What is Plastic surgery?

They focus on reconstructing of tissue. They focus on soft Tissue (skin, muscle, fat).

Most people think of cosmetic plastic surgery (boob lifts, tummy tuck) but the main part is reconstructive plastic surgery (bullet holes, burn marks, skars).

Nonsurgical Minimally invasive cosmetic procedures are very popular.

Cosmetic: Enhancing one’s appearance. 
surgery:Breast augmentation (boob job), liposuction, rhinoplasty (nose reshaping), blepharoplasty (eyelid surgery), abdominal plasty (tummy tuck)
No surgery: botox, fillers, chemical peels, laser hair removal, microdermabrasion

Reconstructive:  cleft lip/ palate, soft tissue reconstruction, breast reconstruction
Cutting edge of innovation (face transplants, hand transplants, gender reassignment)

Surgeon’s surgeon, most reliable surgeon
Focus on entire body

How to become a plastic surgeon?

-integrated path (6 years plastic surgery residency)
-independent path (5 years general surgery residency, 3 years independant plastic surgery)

Sub-specialties:

-breast (breast augmentation, breast reconstruction)
-craniofacial (face, cleft lip and cleft palate, craniosynostosis, broken jaw)
-microsurgery (connecting blood vessels or Nerves, VERY long surgeries)
-hand (carpol tunnes, fractures, contractures, tumor resections)
-burn (burned skin, burn skars)
-aestethic (breasy augmentation, rhinoplasty, abdominoplasty, liposuction)


+: variety, innovation, science fiction, precision, meticulousness, obsession with details, call is not so bad (except microsurgery or face trauma)

-: cosmetic way more salary then reconstructive, more money interest with many, few standards of care

Make sure you like most of plastics if you want to chose this, you should be obsessed with sutures and details

Insanely competitive, hard work


DREAM JOB
SURGEON
DOCTOR




AMAZING, WOULD DEFINITELY DO THIS
PLASTIC SURGEON
MICROSURGICAL PLASTIC SURGEON
INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGIST
CRANIOFACIAL PLASTIC SURGEON




BURN PLASTIC SURGEON


HAND PLASTIC SURGEON


BREAST PLASTIC SURGEON
AESTHETIC PLASTIC SURGEON


CARDIOLOGIST






Very nice, would do this.
HEART FAILURE CARDIOLOGIST






Sure, if all else fails.
DEVICES CARDIOLOGIST
ADULT CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE CARDIOLOGIST
ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY CARDIOLOGIST


SPORTS CARDIOLOGIST


WOMEN’S AND OBSTETRIC CARDIOLOGIST 



IMAGING CARDIOLOGIST
PREVENTIVE CARDIOLOGIST


No, I would not enjoy this job.








NO WAY
  17. @5uludaa: This video really helped me choose what i really want . But I don't know how many years i should study after high school (in total)??!
  18. @natethomas3793: could you do a video describing your experience with research? I’d like to become a physician-scientist, but even I don’t quite understand how you’ve 60+ publications before starting residency
  19. @giaroach3994: 99.9% on mcat?!?! I’m a horrible test taker…
  20. @ratanchakraborty1167: No Never I dreamt of becoming a  plastic  man

- Day in the Life - Plastic Surgeon [Ep. 22]: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign [Applause] I'm Dr Joshua Goldman I'm a board certified plastic and reconstructive surgeon and this is med school insiders A Day in the Life a day of my life usually starts around 5 30 or 6. I get up and help the kids get ready we try to get out the door by 6 15. that way we're at the hospital by 6 45 to start our cases Mark our patients and then we can do surgery by seven today we're doing a complex lower extremity reconstruction I'll be doing that with my wife she's an orthopedic traumatologist after we're done with that I'll head to the clinic around noon I'll see a bunch of both aesthetic and reconstructive patients and then in the day with some complex case discussion and some practice management with my partner Dr John brochus the front-facing identity of plastic surgery is really aesthetic or cosmetic surgery things like rhinoplasty or breast augmentation but the scope is significantly broader and includes all types of reconstruction as well things like cancer or oncologic reconstruction traumatic reconstruction burn reconstruction and congenital malformation these are surgeries that have a huge impact on our patient populations and can be incredibly rewarding for the surgeons as well we got a lower extremity free flap case today let's go change into some scrubs and get started my complex reconstruction is referred to me by all types of subspecialty colleagues today's orthoplastic case is with my wife hi my name is Dr Karen Nelson I'm an Orthopedic Trauma surgeon and this is a day in our lives hold on are you trying to steal my thunder uh so our patient today is a 36 year old male who presented to the trauma Bay with bilateral mangled extremities unfortunately we weren't able to salvage his right lower extremity instead We performed a revision amputation and I performed targeted muscle renovation rerouting his nerves to decrease the risk of phantom limb or neuropathic pain in the future on the left side he has a Castillo 3B defect communities missing a significant amount of soft tissue as as well as bone so today I'll be removing the external fixator which is pins and bars outside of the skin that holds the bone out to length and I'll be placing an antibiotic coated now myself specialty is microsurgical reconstruction so I'll be taking tissue from the thigh and transplanting it to the lower leg suturing vessels together with suture fighter than hair so are you ready to go let's do it okay flap life case went Awesome everything went as planned overnight we'll monitor the flap by checking an audible Doppler where we can actually hear the pulse of the vessels in the flap we'll also look at the color the turger capillary refill and I also have an external monitor that tells me the O2 saturation to make sure that the flaps getting appropriate blood flow overnight Dr Nelson stuck behind she's got a couple more trauma and Joints cases and I'm going to head over to the clinic to see both cosmetic and reconstructive patients as well as to do some minimally invasive procedures like botox and filler about 60 of my practice on the reconstructive side is breast cancer reconstruction the remaining 30 percent extremity Salvage and then that last 10 percent is everything from abdominal wall to congenital malformations and burn reconstruction that's all of my reconstructive practice which makes up about 80 of what I do the other 20 is cosmetic or Aesthetic Surgery that includes everything topped down from brow lifts facelifts rhinoplasty or nose jobs abdominoplasty body contouring thigh lifts liposuction all of the things that are part of that front-facing identity of plastic surgery hey Wendy how are you good to see you good to see you everything's been going okay yeah awesome so Wendy presented to me as a breast cancer survivor who had a long-standing implant-based reconstruction that had become asymmetric and a little bit painful on the left side that's pretty commonplace when you've had radiation which windy had on the left which can cause that deformation of the capsule around the implant when Wendy had her reconstruction there weren't as many people doing autologous tissue reconstructions meaning utilizing your own tissue rather than an implant to recreate the breast in her case she had many options for either hybrid implant plus tissue or just tissue alone now the tissue that we use utilized most commonly is the lower abdominal tissue that lies on a spectrum of sort of an old school version which is the tram lab or transverse rectus abdominis myoccutaneous lap all the way to the Deep flap the Deep inferior epigastric perforator flap the tram flap takes the entire muscle and causes some significant donor site morbidity the Deep flap on the other hand just takes skin fat and the blood vessel without injuring the nerves that go to the muscle or the muscle itself and that allows us to almost remove the possibility of a hernia or a bulge at the abdominal toner site so that's what we ended up doing it's been a journey as always these are staged reconstructions that take time and months in between stages and it's been a really successful one I'm a two-time breast cancer survivor now on my third time of reconstruction literally almost 19 years ago I first went through this at the time implant-based reconstruction was my best option and all these years later developed some issues just because of having been radiated and the skin doesn't want to cooperate and when it came to see Dr Goldman I thought we were going to talk about implant-based reconstruction but he said to consider the flat procedure which my first reaction was there's no way I'm going to do that because it scared me after many months of research and reading came to the conclusion that it in fact is the best option and so I now have my tissue transferred and created a new breast that is much more like lifelike than it was before and aesthetically and cosmetically I have a much better result than I did with the implants cancer takes a lot away from you it robs us of our body parts and so on the back end when we've beaten cancer and we can just get back to our lives and look normal again even better than we used to look it's an Incredible Gift so I'm very thankful for Dr Goldman's amazing skill in the operating room but also his gentle and patient demeanor with his patients and talking about procedures and giving them options and talking them through everything it's it's been an amazing journey that's amazing to hear it's patience outcomes and stories like Wendy's that make it worthwhile for reconstructive surgeons like myself to put in the time and effort to do these longer procedures and to keep innovating so that we can keep improving the longitudinal care of our cancer population Clinic had a great day saw a wide scope of patients with issues all the way from their head to their toe both reconstructive needs and aesthetic desires one of the things that I love about plastic surgery is that it requires a Mastery of anatomy throughout the entire body and that's the joke within our subspecialty is that we work on the skin and its contents one of the other things that we're often referred to as as the surgeon surgeon that's because I see patients from all over different subspecialties head and neck surgeons general surgeons dermatologists they all send to us with different aesthetic or reconstructive needs these reconstructive needs can be very simple they can be extremely complex the way that we assess that is utilizing either the reconstructive ladder or now we call it the reconstructive elevator as there's often times where we will skip rungs in order to give the patient the best outcome in doing that we look at what is the simplest option to take care of this patient's problem sometimes that means just letting it heal sometimes that means just closing it primarily meaning just suturing it shut but oftentimes things like radiation or smoking things like the size of the defect alone can impact our ability to just close it and if you close under tension it could just open back up so in those settings we may have to transfer some tissue locally we may have to do that regionally by taking a muscle up on its blood supply and actually moving it to a area nearby and sometimes surgeons like me who will use microvascular reconstruction will actually take tissue off one part of the body with its blood supply and reattach it in another part of the body in order to reconstruct a defect so that's one of the things I love about Plastics we get to do a lot of cool stuff a lot of innovation and a lot of adaptation so now it's time for a little bit of patient charting I got to take care of some notes and get some surgery orders in so typically by the time I finish charting my partner Dr John brochus will have made it back to the clinic after his day of cases that gives us an opportunity to go over some complex reconstructions that we have upcoming in the next few weeks as well as to go over some practice management items this is one such case this is a patient who had an amyloblastoma which is a benign but locally aggressive tumor in this case in the mandible that's the lower jaw the plan was for oral surgery and headed neck surgery to resect that and this is the patient's actual jaw modeled from three-dimensional reconstructions of CT scans and so that gives us an opportunity to perform that surgery in three-dimensional space and then to make plans custom cutting guides as well as custom milled plates for the patient so everything we do is patient specific and pre-planned these are the cutting segments so we're going to remove that that tumor with a good margin of tissue it also shows the inferior alveolar nerve which gives sensation into your lip and we want to maintain as much as possible we don't want our screws to go through that so we'll resect that that's the job of the head and neck surgeon and then the job of Me and Dr brochus is to go into the leg take the outer lower leg bone the fibula wrist remove that with its pedicle the perineal vessels and shape it in the leg we also had the oral surgeon Place implants in that area so that in a staged fashion he'll be able to put tooth implants into the fibula and as you can see on the patient's post-operative CT scan that custom milled plate is in great position he has good Contour to the mandible and the lower portion of his mandible and you can see that on the underside the worm's eye view that he has restoration of that u-shaped of the mandible so over the last three months Dr brochus and I transitioned from Academia to a private practice model we started the Vegas Plastic Surgery Institute together and I don't think either of us fully comprehended the Steep learning curve that comes with that new business model as Physicians and surgeons we spent years in education learning how to take care of patients do surgery just learning about Healthcare in general but nowhere in that education is business and when you start your own practice you're basically running a small business and you have to kind of learn everything on the fly so we continue to do research we continue to teach residents but we also continue to take level one and level two trauma call we have to manage our contracts with insurance companies and hospitals we have to manage our employees and our staff and now we're employers and so those are a lot of different hats to wear and at the end of the day we get together we go over those things we pay bills we discuss the future of the business and how we're going to grow it out for me I took a few online business classes that I think really allowed me to sit in a room with an insurance company and a hospital and speak the language of business with them and not be railroaded in a way that might happen if you were you had focused your entire education solely on parts of the body and taking care of patients which as much as we would all love medicine is still subject to business and Health Care is going to continue to change in that way and so I would recommend continuing to educate yourself on the aspects of business that are going to impact your career I usually just try to put on some relax music Mac Miller circles and really download everything that happened over the day my successes and failures and areas that I can improve in the tool one day said and better that the difference between 95 successful and the 99.5 is successful doesn't matter much in most career Fields but in medicine that's life that could be saved lives and particularly a plastic surgery that's quality of life Improvement and so I'm always trying to evolve in the same way that my field plastic surgery is trying to evolve it's an area that like a shark if it's not swimming forward it would die because there's constant encroachment we don't own any particular field or area of the body we have to keep innovating to maintain the the sub-specialty and so there are entire sub-specialties of plastic surgery that didn't exist five or ten years ago that includes things like targeted muscle re-enervation that we talked about earlier lymphatic reconstruction which is super for micro surgery that's suturing vessels together that are smaller than a millimeter with 11-0 suture which can't even be seen by that or is barely seen by the human eye and so I try to evolve both in my professional and my personal life I want to always be a better dad and a better human and on the way home I think about those things conceptualize them and do a little bit of Pop philosophy I also try to transition my role from being a serious micro surgeon to being a silly dad and being able to play dinosaurs and tag and not think about sort of the weight of those medical decisions so when I think about my life in plastic surgery now I'm always kind of reminded of how everything got started and my original interest was in Hematology Oncology so my undergraduate honors thesis was in bone marrow transplantation my early medical school research was in rare blood disorders and my last summer of research my mentor asked me if I wanted to spend some time in his clinic and I said yeah that'd be awesome so I went to his clinic and I realized that the field had a lot to do with trial and error and life and death and I didn't really want to wrap my entire life and career around that and while I had all the admiration in the world for the work that they were doing I started looking into happier Specialties Dermatology orthopedic surgery which as an athlete a lot of my friends were going into and plastic and reconstructive surgery and when I got into Plastics there were so many aspects of it that I really loved the Artistry The Innovation the wide scope and there were all of these things that sort of fit together at the moment for me and I really loved that I was still able to involve myself with cancer patients and provide them quality of life after they had had their cancer treatments and that sort of bled into the way that I have developed my practice over time I still try to approach every aesthetic case with reconstructive skills and every reconstructive case with the Artistry of Aesthetics but there is something I get out of doing very complex reconstruction there's a rush and a reward that I just can't get from the basic aesthetic surgeries and so people ask me all the time why don't you just do Cosmetics it's cash pay it's a simpler life a simpler business model but I've realized that doing those surgeries that you're passionate about and providing a certain level of outcome or unique services to patients is another form of currency that I needed for my life so when you look at your life in medicine you really have to consider the balance that you're creating for yourself medicine takes up a lot of time and there's only 24 usable hours in a day and 12 of those 12 16 of those are waking so Karen and I have kind of made this system that we really believe in and that's that there are five aspects to our life that's social life Hobbies Fitness which would be Health Wellness nutrition Medicine of course which includes clinical medicine as well as research and things like that and our family and we prioritize medicine family easily and if we're just picking from the other three we won't be particularly fulfilled so we found that one way to do that is to combine things and so if you're a crossfitter you might combine your social life and your Fitness if your hobby is hiking you can take your family with you go hiking get exercise for fitness and you're spending that family time and so we try to combine that as often as possible we try to find the joy in little things like carpooling and doing notes together and that will help us have the successful Family Life marital life and the balance over all that we want as a former medical student clerkship director I often am ask how do you get into plastic surgery and my first advice would be to make sure that you're passionate about the field and there's not a better way to do that than spending time with people performing plastic surgery and so go to conference with the the residents they usually have a weekly conference it's educational you'll learn that'll help you later for any away rotations you do spend time with different types of group practices or solo practices you may find ones that are 100 aesthetic ones that are 100 Recon and ones that are big mixtures like ours that include both Aesthetic Surgery and complex reconstruction that will help you find your passion within the subspecialty and that will shine through in your application next I'd really make sure that you get on our way rotations that at places that you want to be at and show them exactly what you're made of you want to be early and stay late you want to be very well prepared again having already spent a lot of time at your home program and that's going to make you stand out as things move more towards pass fail and it's more difficult to separate medical students that time is going to be all the more important programs are going to want to know that you fit in well with their team both as a worker and intellectually and then lastly you'll want to find a mentor who's going to help you decide and help direct those interests they'll also be the person generally who will help you get research and get published and you want to make sure that somebody who sees your successes as their successes from the second I walk in the door in the evening I dedicate all of that time to my kids they're two and four they require a lot of time and energy and I really want to be present in that moment so they really feel how much I love them and how important they are to me once we go through their bedtime routine and get them to sleep typically Karen and I will come back downstairs do a little bit of charting and paperwork left over from the day we'll check all the email and respond to those and really check go back through our phones and make sure we didn't miss any text messages throughout the day as well art is a huge part of plastic surgery it's commonplace to find accomplished concert pianists composers sculptors painters drawers the profession lends itself to Artistry and I think that's why people gravitate that direction I've always had a creative Outlet in writing but I also like to surround myself with beautiful things and so I've always gravitated towards painting a lot of people in the field prefer anatomic drawings or things that really explore a form and while I'm not that specific about my art I like to find things that are going to push me creatively and keep them around my house and in my life you can find me on Instagram at gold standard plastic surgery where you can find our practice Vegas Plastic Surgery Institute on vegaspsi.com if you need help getting into medical school or residency whether that's plastic surgery or any other our specialty check out medschoolinsiders.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @steffany3948 [10 likes]: I really like how you included the family aspect of achieving the surgical profession.
Thank you for that.
  2. @baileyloves2225 [5 likes]: Ow, amazing video...I wanted to be a plastic surgeon bt was enough confused,, Now I'm clear about my passion...thanks ❤️
  3. @ElikemAsafo-y9r [4 likes]: So far this ia the best video I've watch so far on this topic
  4. @mendezcreative [3 likes]: Dr. Brosious looks like a guy that has some stories to tell.
  5. @karensimonfranco3532 [1 likes]: Es una profesiòn muy noble y usted se ve muy joven ...God Bless You por ayudar a la señora a mejorar su estètica tràs ser sobreviviente de cancer de mama .God bless .Las cubanitas nos operamos en My cosmetic surgery in miami
  6. @Gkee-g3g [1 likes]: Hi Kevin, absolutely loved this episode ! Could we do another interview with  Dr. Karen Nelson to add a female surgeon's perspective in Orthopaedic surgery ?
  7. @Resurgam2000 [1 likes]: If I ever feel like I am a human being with any worth, I’ll just think of Dr. Goldman. 😂How can one have such a balanced life? Like I doubt I can ever do plastic surgery without being some polymath.
  8. @Tsitsimpakos [1 likes]: This dude knows what’s up!!!
  9. @tashaleahchongo715 [1 likes]: Im thinking if going into plastic surgery as a specialty and have been looking for some motivation, thanks for the inspiration.
  10. @sudippandit6550 [1 likes]: Do you quarrel to get hand cases? Who does hand surgery orthopods or plastics?
  11. @henrysavior5471 [1 likes]: It must be hard to be a surgeon.i also heard the hours are long but it pays well.
  12. @BringingYouTheMasters: love thissssssss
  13. @Rainbowofthefallen: Just commenting for the algorithm 💛
  14. @nl9807: Hey! 
Plastic surgeons saved my life…now I studying to become a surgical nurse. My dream is to get an employment from a plastic surgeon.  Plastic surgery can be a big part of saving life. I really like how you talk aboute life and how you organize youre 24h… domedag I will work fore a surgeon like you! Do you have any book recommendation on plastic surgery? 
Keep up youre good work! I wish you all the best! 🏆🙌⭐️ you inspire! ⭐️
  15. @sarahs5112: So great doctors ,reconstructive microsurgery is one of the best field in Medicine , unfortunatly in low income countries like mine ,is not easy to learn it or practice it ,and many patients suffer because of that ,but I will keep hoping that someday I will change the situation and be a microsurgeon and help many people as you🙏
  16. @gretcheno3125: Can someone help me decide whether to stay as a nurse or to fulfill my desire to pursue surgery, even though I'm already 30, and have a desire to have children someday? 

I'm a woman, and the best fertility window for women is from pubery to 35. You can give birth later in life, but it comes with increased risk of complications. You can mitigate some risks with the help of science, but that can be very expensive, depending on what kind of assistance you need.
  17. @iZiRoD1: hi as a 13 yr old who from a long family of doctors i feel like i needed to become a doctor myself and just thinking about the money but after i have seen your videos i feel like plastic surgery is something very interesting and cool so i wanted to ask how did u reach to their and what is the educational line to becoming a plastic surgeon all the way from secondary school gcse to owning my own clinic institute
  18. @FireWallthefts: Vanity my favorite sin to watch people in Hollywood horrible botched plastic surgery they look horrible now a days
  19. @kekceo3942: yeah umh, doctah, I'ma need that third salami transplant🙏
  20. @Spacesong123: I hope the patient at the beginning is doing well. Poor thing looked so scared, I don’t blame her at all.

- American Board of Cosmetic Surgery: How We Train: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] one of the nice things about cosmetic surgery fellowships is that I was already trained as a surgeon when I started and so that really affords you the possibility of being very involved and hands-on right from the beginning if you want to be a cosmetic surgeon you really need to focus and you narrow down on this specialty so you definitely need somebody was a training the expect is you know and then the experience you know do you proceed if you want to miss it does be done safely and then the right way so if you really want to be specialized and we really be the best of the best in terms of training getting acquired for cosmetic surgery we really need to do additional training after your surgical residency so the advantage of doing an advanced cosmetic surgery fellowship I already knew how to operate so I was already a heart surgeon my mentor didn't have to teach me how to operate and actually it takes a full year once you're already a fully trained and board-certified surgeon to do a cosmetic surgery fellowship and you have to have a whole year so you can really see surgery pre-op management post-op management complications how to manage those and you're doing this in a mentorship setting which is really nice about the cosmetic surgery fellowships a lot of people that practice you know the aesthetic side of surgery don't have that experience and that's why a fellowship in cosmetic surgery is so critical because we're getting you know a minimal number of cases which far exceeds anybody else that's it's doing what we do when you're in other fields such as in dermatology or others it's a very broad training there's a lot to learn a board-certified cosmetic surgeon has undergone many hours and months and even years of training there is something to be said about experience and I brought that and your education never stops we continue to read and study and learn and part of that is having a fellowship and myself we've had it now for eight years I think total of 12 fellows or so at this point that we trained and there is no way I would have been able to come out from my plastic surgeon training and do the kind of surgeries that I'm doing in my cosmetic surgeon training and so I'm very grateful for that fellowship experience it's one of the other great things about the fellowship is that if you ever have a doubt or have a question you have a society really to reach out to that you can bounce ideas off over ask questions too if you run into something unusual and you will there's a there's a family that you can rely on

- Plastic surgery gone wrong in Mexico: 'I woke up with a huge breast' | NewsNation Prime: Kind: captions Language: en AN AMERICAN WOMAN SAYS SHE IS TRAPPED IN A NIGHTMARE AFTER SHE TRAVELED TO MEXICO FOR COSMETIC SURGERY. WE DO WANT TO WARN YOU, SOME OF THESE IMAGES MIGHT BE GRAPHIC. KIMBERLY MCCORMICK SAYS THAT SHE WENT TO THE SAME MEDICAL FACILITY NEARLY 60 YEARS AGO FOR WEIGHT LOSS SURGERY IN TIJUANA AND BACK THEN SHE HAD A GREAT EXPERIENCE. SHE SAYS THE HOSPITAL WAS EXCEPTIONALLY CLEAN. THE CARE WAS EXCELLENT AND IMPORTANTLY AFFORDABLE. BUT THIS TIME AROUND, THINGS WERE DRASTICALLY DIFFERENT AFTER 1 150 POUND WEIGHT LOSS. SHE WENT BACK TO GET THE ACCESS SKIN REMOVED AND A BREAST LIFT INSTEAD SHE WOKE UP WITH UNWANTED BREAST IMPLANTS AND A BRAZILIAN LIFT A RISKY SURGERY WITH THE HIGHEST MORTALITY RATE OF ANY COSMETIC SURGERY. ALSO PART OF HER LUNG HAD COLLAPSED. WELL, TONIGHT, KIMBERLY IS JOINING US WITH HER DAUGHTER MISTY ANN WHO ACCOMPANIED HER ON THAT TRIP. KIMBERLY, I WANT TO START WITH YOU. AND FIRST OF ALL, SAY THERE IS A LOT OF STIGMA SURROUNDING MEDICAL TOURISM. I'M SO GRATEFUL THAT YOU'RE COMING TO SHARE WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU AND I KNOW THAT YOU LOOKED AT GETTING THIS DONE IN YOUR OWN STATE AND YOU SAID IT WAS MORE THAN $50,000 IN THE U.S. AND IN MEXICO, IT WAS CLOSER TO $13,000. SO WALK US THROUGH YOU LOST THE 1 150 POUNDS. YOU AT ALL OF THIS XX EXCESS SKIN. YOU WANT IT REMOVED. WHEN DID YOU KNOW SOMETHING WAS WRONG. DIDN'T KNOW ANYTHING WAS WRONG UNTIL I ACTUALLY WOKE VISITED WITH THE SURGEON BE FAR AWAY HE DREW OUT ON MY ARMS, EVERYTHING HE WAS GOING TO DO. HE DREW OUT ON MY TUMMY. EVERYTHING GOING TO DO EVERYWHERE THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN THE LEG LEFT ARM LEFT THE BREAST LIFT AND A TUMMY TUCK. EVERYTHING WAS MARKED OUT AND READY TO GO. I WENT SURGERY 4 O'CLOCK IN THE AFRNOON. AND APPARENTLY I DIDN'T COME OUT OF SURGERY 1.30 IN THE MORNING. AT 03:30AM IN THE MORNING. CALLED MY DAUGHTER BALLING. BECAUSE I WOKE UP WITH HUGE. A HUGE BREAST IF I LIVE TO BE 5 100. I NEVER WOULD HAVE WORN I WASN'T SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN. JUST WASN'T. SO THAT'S WHEN I KNEW SOMETHING WAS WRONG. AND THEN THEY WOULDN'T LET MY DAUGHTER COME TO SEE ME THEY WOULDN'T I HAD NO DOCTORS COMING IN I HAD NURSES COMING IN. I IT WAS I WAS MORTIFIED. I JUST I WAS MORTIFIED. AND WHEN YOU CONFRONTED THE DOCTORS AND STAFF ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED. NOT TO MENTION YOUR PAPARTIALLY COLLAPSED LUNG IN ALL OF THIS AND HOW AWFUL THE RECOVERY SOUNDED. HOW DID THEY RESPOND? WHAT DID THEY SAY? SO I DIDN'T SEE MY SURGEON FOR 2, MAYBE 2 3 DAYS. MIGHT CORDINATOR WHO IS LIAISON BETWEEN ME AND THE STAFF. SHE CAME INTO MY ROOM AND SHE SAYS, HERE. SO 60. WELL, I'M 65 YEARS OLD ARE NOT IT. SHE GOT AND WASN'T MY GOAL. MY GOAL WAS TO REMOVE 90 INCHES OF EXCESS SHE SAYS. OH, AND SHE SAYS, OH, YES, YOU YOU SAID NO, I DID NOT. AND SHE SAID DON'T YOU REMEMBER TALKING TO THE DOCTOR. I SAID NO, I DIDN'T TALK TO THE DOCTOR ABOUT BREAST IMPLANTS EVER. AND SHE SAYS CHEIKA, YOU'RE SO PRETTY LOVE THEM. WELL. NO. I. SO. AND IN REALITY, I'M THE ONE THAT ACTUALLY BROUGHT UP THE ISSUE WITH HOSPITAL. AND WHEN I WAS FINALLY ALLOWED. IN TO SEE MY MOTHER. I WALKED IN AND HER LIPS WERE BLUE. HER NOSE WAS GRAY. HER FINGERTIPS WERE BLUE. THE S TO MONITOR WRAPPED 2, OXYGEN TUBE WAS WRAPPED UP ON THE WALL. I INSTANTLY WALKED IN THE ROOM TO TO OFF THE WALL TURNED INTO 5 LEADERS, PUT IT ON MY MOM. MISTY AND I WANT TO ASK YOU BECAUSE WE'RE ALMOST OUT OF TIME IN THIS IS SUCH AN IMPORTANT STORY. I KNOW YOUR MOM TOLD OUR TEAM THAT YOU WHAT DOES THAT WHAT HAPPENED WHEN YOU TRIED TO STEP IN TO HELP YOUR MOM. I WAS ACTUALLY MANHANDLED. BEATEN WITH MACHINE GUNS. KICKED IN MY RIBS. KICK BETWEEN MY LEGS. THROWN OUT OF THAT I WAS PROBABLY 15 POLICE OFFICERS RUSHED UP TO THE GIANT MAN SPEAKING SPANISH STOOD THERE WITH A GUN AT ME. I WAS ALLOWED TO GET IN UBER. BUT THE POLICE DID NOT HELP ME. WHO IS DOING THIS. MISTY THE MAN WHO ARE THE MEN WITH A GUN. THE MAN WITH THE THE BIG MAN THAT PUSHED ME AND A NURSE OR A SECURITY OR A GIRL. FOR THE HOSPITAL. THE MEN WITH THE GUNS WORE UNIFORMS. THAT SAID POLICE TIJUANA POLICE. SO THE GUYS WITH THE GUNS AND THEY WERE GIANT MACHINE GUNS WITH FEET. HAD ON UNIFORMS. THAT SAID POLICE DO YOU BELIEVE MEMBERS OF THE POLICE. YOU KNOW, I DID ACTUALLY BELIEVE THAT THEY WERE THE MEMBERS OF THE POLICE BECAUSE. I GUESS I'M NAIVE, BUT I THOUGHT THIS KIND OF STUFF WAS WRITTEN FOR HOLLYWOOD ONLY APP. I EVERY COUNTRY HAD THE LIBERTIES AND PROTECTIONS OF AMERICA. BUT, YOU KNOW, CALLING YOU NEED TO KNOW. WHEN WE GOT BACK TO AMERICA, WE DIDN'T FIND HELP. WE WERE LAUGHED AT BY SAN CALL THE T WANT TO PLEASE THE SAME POLICE THAT JUST HAD MACHINE GUNS IN MY CHEEK. I HAVE A GIANT WOUND ON THE BACK OF MY HEAD FROM GETTING IT WITH THE OF THE MACHINE GUN. I MEAN, AND THEY EXTORTED MONEY FROM US. SO IT'S LIKE IF YOU DON'T MAKE CAME INTO MY ROOM WITH THIS GOON. HE'S PROBABLY 6 FOOT 5, 3 100 ANY BACK COVERED OVER MY BED. HE SAYS, YOU'LL PAY OR YOU'RE GOING

  Top Comments:
  1. @Scratchinglotteryticketsun-z5r [5 likes]: Not gonna lie, this funny af😂
  2. @DaveChav [2 likes]: This is fraudulent! How could they air this fake crap!
  3. @Babyhaswon [2 likes]: This does not sound right???????????????????????
  4. @AstroKeKhilaadi [1 likes]: Not sure why people dont come to India. One of the best surgeons. You dont even have to stay outside. It costs like $4k for tummy tuck in a good hospital
  5. @DaveChav [1 likes]: Chica isn’t a derogatory word! Both these hicks are ridiculous and I don’t trust what they are saying either
  6. @Quietprescense: 😮❤😢🙏
  7. @misodinamosa: If he just didn’t have that last margarita!
  8. @misodinamosa: A $40,000 deal!
  9. @ladibug340: You were not in Kansas anymore, Toto! Hopefully this will be a cautionary tale.
  10. @Spook-No1: They beat her with a machine gun?
  11. @underratednerd8259: dude!! going to Mexico for surgery is like going to McDonald's for vitamins.
  12. @jardinpaladin: The reporter didn't let the daughter finish a very important part of the story. It sounds like she saved her mom's life by giving her the care the hospital wouldn't.
  13. @DaveChav: The lady is full of bs! I don’t believe a word she says!
  14. @RescueAlwaysOfficial: I'm sorry to hear about your experiences!

I live in Mexico, and while there are many regular people there is no shortage of unethical people here.
  15. @Chubbette: That’s what can happen when you “cheap out”. You get what you want or you can get not what you want. I’d be happy I wasn’t unalive. All the stuff you say is after the fact should have known from the nurses interaction with you. Don’t believe what the daughter says either.
  16. @colleenkennedy1407: Think this crazy story is made up!
  17. @RoseTurner-lj5yc: 😳
  18. @bobbymommychiyo6302: I think the story is fishy
  19. @aggieyerex8175: What a weird story. Something is not right.
  20. @gracehall9199: A bbl? Well what were they planning to do bill her? Or that’s all they really going  charge her. That’s dirt cheap.

- APS Korea 2025 Highlights: What Korea Does Better in Plastic Surgery?! | Dr. Roy Kim: Kind: captions Language: en I was recently in Korea for the APS meeting. It was a lot of fun. And here are the [Music] highlights. In case you don't know, APS stands for aesthetic plastic surgery. It's Korea's largest cosmetic/esthetic plastic surgery meeting, always held in the spring, and I was honored to not only attend, but actually give a talk. They invited me to talk about the differences between Korea versus US facelift. Interestingly, the surgical techniques really don't differ that much. However, the aesthetic end goal is very different in terms of surgical technique. The interesting thing that Korea does is they occasionally use thread lifts during surgery to get what they perceive as a slightly better result. Now, you notice I said perceive. I personally don't think it's actually that much of improvement, but the thinking behind a thread list, as you know, is really to be able to non-surgically move skin around. We can actually tighten skin. Why do plastic surgeons in Korea use threads? The reason why is the tissue here around the nasol labial fold or just in front of it. Technically, even with a deep plane facelift technique, you can't really access it or tighten it. So, if you really want to get maximal tightening around the nasal labial fold, you actually do have to do potentially some sort of surgical thread. Now to me, I think that you don't have to do a surgical thread lift or surgical threads to achieve a little more tightness in the nasal labial fold area. I do think that with existing deep plane techniques, we don't have to do it at all. But in Korea, they sort of want maximal tightness there, which is a reason why occasionally they put threads. The other interesting thing in Korea is that they have a much higher penetration of deep plane facelift techniques. specifically more plastic surgeons consistently do deep plane whereas I think in the US it isn't quite there yet in terms of overall acceptance although I do feel very strongly that it gives you a much better result also in terms of the aesthetic end goal in Korea it's important to have a V-shaped face and to have a softer jawline or a more natural jawline along with not really any prominence along the master muscle in the US aesthetically we typically want a stronger jawline like a very tight jawline as well as In men, it is okay to have a pretty masculine master muscle here or side of the bandable area here, which is a little less common and a little less desirable in Korea. Also, since I've been to Korea and I did a lot of research and talked to my friends beforehand, Korea has a lot more daily postsurgery care after a facelift compared to the US. In fact, there's really no comparison. If you get a facelift done in Korea, you're going to be asked to come back to the clinic every day, oh, probably for three to five days in a row. I'm not joking about that because what they want to do is do anything and everything to help reduce swelling and improve any sort of healing. I do think some of it helps and to be honest I think some of it may not help or help that much but if you can get any advantage in terms of faster healing and quick recovery that is very important in Korea because Koreans like to work you only have a limited days off or vacation things like that. Patients want to get back to work as quickly as possible, which means yes, they want to book surgery, but they will do anything and everything to go along with helping with healing, recovery, and getting rid of that swelling. The strategies to help reduce swelling, increase healing really don't differ much compared to the US. There are things that may help, including oxygen therapy, hyperaric oxygen, as well as red light therapy. They also do other things in Korea such as lymphatic massage and actually use Korean herbal medications including pumpkins or pumpkin extract as well as mug wart which is a type of natural chemical. They actually burn it near your face which they think this essence actually helps with healing. Getting along with the rest of the conference, I was able to speak to the founder and CEO of Agnes Medical. They're about to get FDA approval for Agnes Medical Double Tight. So, this is an intriguing new device. I'm not aware of anywhere in the world that they have it. Specifically, it's able to do RF micro needling and deliver liquid or skin booster and actually use vibration technology to disperse the liquid. As you know, RF micro needling is a very well-known technology. You have tiny needles and while the needles are in your skin, we can blast it with RF radio frequency energy which sort of heats up the skin and helps to tighten up the overlying skin as well as the underlying soft tissue to a certain extent. With the double tight technology, they're able to then deliver liquid right under the skin right after the RF micro needling. So, why is this important? This liquid can be anything you want. And in Korea, they have a ton of choices for skin booster. In the US, the only approved skin booster is Skinvve, which is a dilute HA or hyaluronic acid. Now, I do think off label it's definitely possible to give neurotoxin, some vitamins, other things along with skin, but technically the FDA has only approved SkinV as the only skin booster I'm aware of. In Korea, they have a lot more skin boosters. I'll talk about that in just a moment. But this is why this technology and this device is so cool because it's able to deliver different types of skin booster. Finally, there's low-grade vibration delivered right after the skin booster is given, which means that the vibration helps the skin booster, the liquid if you will, to be dispersed horizontally directly underneath the skin surface. The CEO did tell me that the Agnes Medical double machine may be under a different name in the US, but we'll wait to see what happens in the next month or so. Now, in terms of skin boosters in Korea, there are a couple really cool new ones. There's a brand name called Exoc Cleo which is skin booster derived from amniotic membranes and stem cells. So it comes in powder form and you can deliver it two different ways. One to skin and one to hair. So if you deliver it to the skin, it's injected just underneath the skin surface and it really helps your skin to be rejuvenated. If you actually deliver it to your hair, you actually have hair regeneration. This is better for thinning hair because it will help regenerate some hair. It's not really great if you're completely bald and have no hair. Then it may not work or may not work very well. You can use any skin boosting technology you want to deliver it. But of course, I just talked about the Agnes Medical Double Tight. There are other devices which are able to deliver this specific skin booster or hair regeneration booster. Another very interesting skin booster they have is a cellular dermal matrix. So, if you're a plastic surgeon or you've actually had breast reconstruction or some type of abdominal hernia repair, you actually may have heard of this. ADM is very well known in breast reconstructive circles. We actually can wrap the breast implant that's used for your cancer reconstruction with ADM. And that wrapping helps with healing and helps to reduce any scar tissue formation or helps reduce it a lot so that you don't have a capsule around your actual implant. What they've done in Korea is they've micronized it. They've actually chopped it up into really fine bits into powder form or that it comes pre or it comes pre-filled in the syringe and it is very tiny particles of a cellular dermal matrix. This could be injected safely just underneath the skin and this really helps to regenerate the skin tremendously. I think the best analogy I could come up with is sort of like planting seeds in the garden. We have all these chemicals and various biological products which help to regenerate collagen. However, if it's human skin dermis, which essentially is similar to your personal dermis, then it should grow collagen a little better because your body's perceiving collagen in a very tiny droplet form placed underneath your skin. Both of the products I just mentioned are not available in the US yet. So, if you have a clinic that offers it, they probably bought it in Korea, smuggled it, and they're starting to use it. As long as you know about it, I think that's fine. But, yes, they don't have FDA approval yet. Of course, it's always great to meet old friends in Korea, make new friends. I was able to see Dr. Kevin Chong, the editor-inchief of PRS Journal, and also Dr. Tracy Feifer, who is the president of ASAPS, the American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons. So, it was great to connect with them and to really listen to the amazing lectures that they had in Korea. So, the bulk of this conference is in English. The keynote lectures and I would say 90% of the lectures are in English. There are a couple breakout sessions that are in Korean and sometimes the questions are in Korean and English. So, it really depends. The audience is great. Yes, it's majority Korean. However, they do have a ton of people from around Asia and around the world attend this conference. So, it's a lot of fun getting worldwide perspectives on plastic surgery and aesthetics. As always, it's a lot of fun going to Korea and especially to an aesthetic plastic surgery meeting. If you have any comments or questions, fire below. And if you like this video, please watch this video as well. Thanks so much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nobinafahmi3649 [9 likes]: Hi, I'm going to Korea trying to find the best clinic for a facelift that enhances the natural look. Would you recommend some good clinics?
  2. @openureyes [4 likes]: Top class information, who and where is the best surgeon in Korea
  3. @iStorm-my5fp [3 likes]: You have great insight
  4. @Todd-u9b3n [2 likes]: I’ve gone there 2 times.  The service is much different, more assembly line so keep that in mind. There’s not as much artistry.   Also, make sure you partner with a doctor here in the US because if you have complications you’ll be on your own and most doctors don’t want to touch patients who had surgery from a different surgeon.  Many things to consider.
  5. @lilyryder1892 [2 likes]: Great info thanks from Australia !
  6. @lo-fiboy7-d [2 likes]: How much all costs?
  7. @PinkSummer1017 [2 likes]: Hi Dr. Kim!  I'm going to Korea this summer.  Could you recommend a skin clinic there that does needleless skin boosters for fine lines and nasolabial folds?  Thank you so much!
  8. @bellr.5542 [1 likes]: 👏
  9. @rainiewhitney8089 [1 likes]: Love getting to know about the very latest treatments even if we don’t have them in the US yet! Thank you 😊
  10. @Bruessa: Wow, Dr. Kim you have provided such a rational insight on what the latest techniques.   As an engineer,  this is impressive.  Than k you😊
  11. @pf4773: Such a helpful video for someone who is considering S. Korea vs. USA.  This surgeon, Dr. Kim, explains a clear advantage---the active recovery efforts that are included in the price in S. Korea.  Not a fan of softening the jaw line as a guy.
  12. @FunStory_time: Which clinic is best
  13. @FunStory_time: Is endoscopic facelift good in korea
  14. @user-pe2lw1ze8i: Any good doctors there that work well on Caucasian features and are authentic? I’ve seen some after pics and the women don’t look like the Korean standard suits their ethnicity .
  15. @thatchicksavage3165: Super helpful contect Doc! Thank you so much!! 

Ps: Any recommendations for treatment or surgery to get rid of nasolabial folds and sagging jowls?😩
  16. @elainewong8679: Hello Dr Kim. 

May I begin by complimenting you on your cutting-edge, informed  and honest perspective. It is so reassuring and gracious for those of us that are nervous about plastic surgery yet have been exploring it for years and are ready to embrace this path. 

I wish you had a clinic or were licensed to work in Korea given how you humble, clear and honest a demeanor has affected your viewers; and translated this into the rarified sphere of trust.  Moreover, with the advances that are available in prior to FDA approval in the USA and Canada, it would seem compatible with your dedication to best practices and latest evidence based results.

While I have seen so many comments asking you for referrals (I imagine not helpful for your own personal practice- and a kettle of fish you may not want to get into without satisfaction or remuneration of your own), I wonder if you would be comfortable “consulting” with me- sharing your expert opinion of clinics whom you have confidence in. Of course, this is sincerely sought advice based on trust and thus whatever the outcome- you would be in no way responsible morally nor litigiously. 

As a 55 yr old woman I have had a major breast reconstruction (having had my implants in for 33 years). I am interested in the applications for expedited and improved healing techniques that you kindly highlighted. As well, while having aged well and invested in regular rounds of Ultherapy, I am considering buccal fat removal to keep my jawline tight. 

Would you consider a paid consult via zoom (I live in Spain), and a referral fee for directing me towards the most trusted, best performing and highest regarded clinic in South Korea?

Your reply would be most appreciated. May I take the opportunity now to thank you for investing your time in my lengthy correspondence? 

Best regards
Elaine
  17. @AngelEnergyMeditation: What clinic is best for deep plane face lift for for eyebrows- mid face and fat transfer to under eyes and forehead 

Revision rhinoplasty 
Lip lift??
  18. @FurGetMeNotFrenchies: What's your thoughts on Dr Hong Dae Kang from JW beauty for facelifts for people in their 40's?
  19. @juoshiro1292: Hi Dr.Kim, I am 67 years old and I want to have a facelift and some other issues . Which  cosmetic surgery center in Korea do you recommend please?

- Match in Plastic Surgery| IMG Plastic Surgery MATCH® Top Program | Plastic Surgery Match Experience: Kind: captions Language: en finally after a long journey medical school and research i made it to my top choice in plastic surgery residency in the us in this video i'm gonna share with you guys how i got into plastic surgery residency as an img and the things that i think helped me the most into this journey so let's get started i want to start with my medical school experience i'm originally from syria i went to aleppo medical school and i consistently ranked first in my school for all the years that i was there my gpa was between 93 and 97 and the final gpa was 94 that helped me somehow in my preparation for the usmle the score itself is not extremely valuable in your u.s journey i get asked this question a lot is my score in school important when i apply to residency personally i don't think it has that much value if you ranked first for example that is something you can add on your cv that you were ranked first and that might give you uh an extra advantage but it's not a huge determinant of the selection process if you have higher step score that would be more important than being ranked first or having high scores on your school exams but what i think is an important point here is that so many students when they decide to come to the us they decide late in their school and sometimes these scores are important to get into residency in your home country so if for example you did not have an idea that you want to come to the us you should prepare for your exams and get higher scores in case you wanted to continue in your home country or things didn't work out and you had to stay for some time before you come to the us so in this situation your scores might be important another important point is that when you're studying for your school you're also studying medicine although there are minor variations between the systems but in general the curriculums the materials that are being used to teach medicine in different countries are going to be the same so in this situation when you're studying for your school and getting higher scores that means you're better prepared it's going to be easier to study for the usmle exams to compare to someone who did not study at all in their medical school if you know early in your school that you want to come to the u.s what you can do is prepare for your school but also prepare for your usmle exam start by doing christian banks and i'm going to do a specific video about how to start preparing early for the usmle when is the optimal time to take your exam but i think your school experience is valuable if you want to dedicate more time you might consider giving more time to the usmles because that will also give you an advantage when you're preparing for your materials so both both are extremely important but if you have to choose one probably your usmle scores will be more important than your school scores the second point in my experience that i want to talk about today is my usmle step scores the usmle step scores are extremely important in the residency application why because they are easily identifiable by program directors they can just look quickly at your application and have a look at this three-digit score also it's a standardized test so it's the same for all applicants so it's easy to compare applicants based on scores but what i think applicants mistakenly think is that usm released up scores are the most important thing and nothing else matters that is not true i think scores matter but to a certain degree personally on my step one i got 271 on my step two i got 272. so when i applied i had both exams done and they were on my transcript i think scores helped me a lot in my application because some some programs have filters for the score so they say that anyone below 230 will not we will not look at the application or anyone below 240 will not look at their application there are exceptions to that even even with programs that have these filters they make exceptions for certain applicants they know or they have so much research or they did rotation at that institution so there is exception to this rule but personally i've never heard any program that have a filter over 250. i've never heard somebody say that i only interview applicants over 260. so having a higher score helps you but i feel talking to program directors other applicants that after a certain point it becomes kind of similar so anyone 250 to 60 is not going to make a huge difference so try to get the best score you can but don't spend too much time to get extra 5 or 10 points because you can use that time to do something more important you only have limited time from the time you graduate till you start residency or you apply to residency that's why you need to use that time to do something else such as volunteering research rotations establishing connections within the field so personally speaking although i got over 270 on both exams i don't think that scores were the most important part of my application and i'm gonna make detailed videos on how to prepare for step one for step two ck resources i use and i think would help people the most testing strategies what how to study you all how to study first aid because you here everyone uses the same materials yet they get different scores why because the studying strategy is different so make sure to subscribe so you get notified whenever i post these videos in the coming weeks the third point for today's experience is the u.s clinical experience there are two main types of u.s clinical experience the first one is called elective and the second one is called observership electives are way better than observership for one simple reason is that you can actually interact with patient examine them take history put notes in the medical records so you function exactly as a us medical student for this reason you should try to get electives one thing to keep in mind is that most schools ask for a step one score or passing step one when you apply for electives and you have to be a medical student when you are applying for electives and doing the electives so that's why you have to organize that time way ahead in advance because applying for elective passing step one takes so much time so just prepare yourself have a timeline for these things to happen before you graduate the other type of rotation is called observerships observerships are different from electives because you cannot have patient contact you can observe medical care in the hospital but you cannot actually touch patients or examine them or write history put notes in the medical records there is a type called externship in which you have some type of patient contact but it's not electives i do not prefer externship because usually they are not done in big hospitals where there are residencies so if you can secure an externship or hands-on clinical rotation even after you graduate that would be perfect but try to make it in a place where you want to do your residency personally i did three electives one in plastic surgery and two in general surgery two observer ships one in neurology and one in plastic surgery and i did three virtual rotations the institution i matched at i did a virtual rotation ad i was planning actually to do an observership because i already graduated at that time but due to coved this observership was cancelled and i had the chance to do a virtual rotation i think that virtual rotation helped me to get in that institution because i talked to the faculty there established connections with the residents at the end of the virtual rotation we were given the chance to present in front of the whole department virtually so i think it was a great experience the disadvantage of virtual rotations is that you don't get the chance to have a letter of recommendation or the same type of interactions that you would have in person so definitely if you can do in person rotations that would be way better than the virtual ones but if you don't have that option virtual rotations can be very helpful the fourth part in my experience that i is research research i think is one of the most important things in my application that help me match into plastic surgery why there are aspects in which research can help you get into residency the first of which getting research publications when you do research you get the chance to learn how to do research how to conduct experiments how to collect data maybe how to do statistical analysis how to write papers and that can show your contributions to the literature how you want to change the field how you want to contribute and make a difference in in patients lives the other part and i think another very very important part of doing research is when you're doing research you're generally spending six months year two years in in in the lab or with some kind of mentor and you establish that personal connection and usually your mentor will support you and help you to get into residency especially if they are well known within the field or if they have some kind of connection within the program or other programs so that's another extremely important part of doing research is to establish connections with within the institution or when you're presenting for example you go to a meeting and you present your abstract or your work at an at the national meeting or international one and you get the chance to meet other research fellows of the residents of the program directors and this could be an opportunity to get an interview so this connection that you establish during research can help you a lot when you are applying to residency especially competitive ones for me personally i did three years of research the first one was at the mayo clinic in rochester minnesota and then two years at md anderson so at the time of application i did two years and by the time i started residency it would be three years uh the number of publications and presentations matter but also the quality so you have to be careful on how many publications you have in which journals how far are you on the authorship list so by the time i applied i looked on my ear as cv i had 42 ore presentations uh 34 poster presentations regarding publications at the time of my application i had 48 published 14 impress seven accepted three provisionally accepted and 20 submitted i had three online publications which are mainly blog posts on different websites and two other type of articles i'll make a detailed video on how to get the research position how to be productive during the research years but again don't focus only on the numbers the quality of the journal of publications matter the type of publications matter only i of these only i had two case reports maybe three review articles so the majority of my work was original articles research articles and this is what matters the most and why i personally think that research was one of the most important things that helped me get into residency is because when i was interviewing this was the first thing that people asked me about this was the thing that i was asked about the most and finally when you're doing research you establish that type of personal connection with your mentors you're working with with them for a year or two and they would be able to know you and recommend you more to programs compared to someone who knew you for a week or two so letters of recommendation from your research mentor who you worked with for a long time can help you a lot in your residency application another point related to research is being a peer reviewer i'm a peer reviewer for numerous plastic surgery journals and at the time of my application i have reviewed over 100 papers and this was something that was brought up in a few interviews when i was applying to residency they asked me about my experience what did i learn from this and i've personally learned a lot from being a peer reviewer and it's i'm also on the editorial board of some of the plastic surgeon journals it helps you also establish connections within the field you're applying to the fifth point i want to talk about today is volunteering and leadership skills personally i volunteered in syria i volunteered in houston in rochester and these type of volunteerings helps you stand out or show a part of you other than your academic achievements so if for example you're in your home country or in the us you can just search in your own hospitals or in on google you can just type volunteering opportu opportunities in wherever you're living and you can find something that you're passionate about because this will show again a different aspect of you regarding leadership i'm the chair of the teaching subcommittee of the post-doc association at md anderson and this again can show your leadership skills or how you're able to manage a team how you're able to interact with people i'm also part of the committees of the american society of plastic surgeons and again this can show that you're a person who would like to contribute to society give back and there are so many opportunities for medical students in every single society for internal medicine for surgery so just ask your mentors or pre see more senior colleagues what are the opportunities out there that you can contribute and help and if you have time effort and passion you can do it moving on to the sixth and final point that i want to talk about today which is your background or what makes you unique you might be an olympic player you might be a professional piano player you might have suffered some kind of challenges that make you unique or stand out or have this type of experience or culture that would enrich diversity within the program so you don't have to invent something new here you just search within your experiences that you you've been through what what type of something new or unique you can bring to the program and this is something you can either highlight within your personal statement or you can bring it up during the the interview this year because of the virtual nature of interviews we had the chance to have a background so for example you see this bookcase i i chose certain things from my own culture from my hobbies that was a point for bringing up my hobbies i know one of the applicants who had some kind of paintings in her background to bring up a discussion point about her ability to paint so just try to find what makes you unique or stand out and bring that some bring that somehow in your personal statement or your background if next year interviews will be virtual or you can bring that during a discussion with one of the faculty or one of the residents so this is my experience which got me into plastic surgery residency i hope it can help you to do the same match into plastic surgery or any other competitive specialty or any specialty in the us i'm gonna start posting more and more videos about these details of usmle scores research how to get a research position how to get an elective so if you're interested in watching any of these videos make sure to subscribe so you get notified whenever i post these videos in the future if you like this video make sure to hit the like button and if you have any questions you can leave them in the comments below or reach out to me on instagram or twitter assad or my facebook page assadmd thank you everyone so much for watching i also want to thank you for being here supporting me and helping me along the way and see you in future videos peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @MalkeAsaad [26 likes]: ‍🏫Do you need help on how to get residency in the US, check out our one-on-one residency advising plans:
https://thematchguy.com/residency-advising/

🔬Interested in learning about research, check out my research course https://thematchguy.com/research-course/ ⁠
Check out my statistics 📊 course https://thematchguy.com/statistics-course/


✋ Subscribe to our newsletter 📝 to get immediate access to USMLE & Match updates https://forms.gle/4AErmWUDiSoHsx15A
  2. @DrWaiYeeLiPlasticSurgeon [1 likes]: Congratulations on all your hard work and matching to one of the most competitive residencies in the USA. Having just posted my first ever YouTube video on matching, it was so much effort! Much harder than plastic surgery!
  3. @gymnast8865 [1 likes]: I'm so glad for you dude. Not only an inspiration to me. But to many who pursue a career like yours but in also(thanks to you) in a healthy balanced way.
  4. @PrinceZarbon: I'm late but congrats!
  5. @abamsamuelbate9517: So as an IMG graduate l u cannot get the Elective or observation?
  6. @drzamis: Doctor Asaad, did an img ever match into plastic surgery straight out of medical school?
  7. @skyworth8578: When you did research was it throughout medical school or post graduation?
  8. @micha6336: How long did the entire process take in total ?
  9. @justhuman6032: معلم بالله ترد 
كيف قدرت تعمل اكتر من elective شو الطريقة
  10. @luigibirillo6629: Your publication number is very high. What is defined as a publication? Peer-reviewed scientific papers? Posters?
  11. @ptej348: Hi! Congrats for the amazing achievements! 👏👏👏
 I’m a cardiac surgeon from India looking to do advanced fellowship course in the US. Could u please help me on that
  12. @keykey7893: Thanx Dr
I wanna ask how many years do you spend until you have a plastic surgery residency? 
If l am a plastic surgery residence in Syria or  I have finished residency and have Syrian board in plastic surgery could be useful for  match plastic surgery residency in USA?
  13. @imenimen9482: There something no one talks about it. The money!! So for all this electives, observerships and 2 years of research...how all of that costs ?? If there any chance to get a paid research position? And when no? How man can get some money while working in research?
  14. @abubakeralrasheedbannaga543: Thannks Dr.Malke
How can apply for vascular surgery
  15. @rajjaswarikayal7323: Do the IMGs get paid during research work?
  16. @MsPuja1992: Can we do electives during doing post grad in our home country ?? In my case , it's India
  17. @kanupriyasinghratnu: You're very humble. And hard working.
  18. @youssefahmad134: thanks alot Dr.Malke for sharing with us your amazing journey...
I have one question about electives ,is it important to do elective in the US or it doesn't matter where to do them?
  19. @gtrxyomg3514: I can’t do electives unless I am a med student???
  20. @unspecified6502: You took gap between med school and residency

- Woman goes to Mexico for plastic surgery, returns to US on life support: Kind: captions Language: en RESEARCHERS SAY SEEING WAVY LINES, OR BLURRINESS BEFORE A MIGRAINE, THEY ARE SIGNS OF AN IRREGULAR HEARTBEAT WHICH COULD LEAD TO A STROKE. A WOMAN WHO TRAVELED TO MEXICO FOR PLASTIC SURGERY IS IN A COMA. FAMILIES DECIDING WHETHER TO TAKE HER OFF LIFE SUPPORT. WE TALKED TO HER FAMILY AND DOCTORS ABOUT THE RISK OF TRYING TO SAVE MONEY ON PLASTIC SURGERY. KNOWING MY WIFE, SHE LOVED TO DANCE, SHE LOVED TO SING. SHE WAS A GREAT COOK. SHE WAS VERY ACTIVE. A PERSON FULL OF LAUGHTER AND LOVE IS HOW HER FAMILY DESCRIBES HER. LAURA'S HUSBAND SAYS SHE HAD BEEN IN COMMUNICATION WITH A DOCTOR AND WANTED A NOSE JOB. SHE IS PERFECT AND IF SOMETHING CAUGHT GETTING A NOSE JOB WOULD MAKE HER FEEL BETTER, IT'S CRUEL TO SAY THAT SHE DESERVED THIS. LAURA TOLD HER DOCTOR SHE WAS A NERVOUS PERSON AND WAS AFRAID HER BLOOD PRESSURE WOULD GO UP DURING THE PROCEDURE. THE DOCTOR TOLD HER NOT TO WORRY. OCTOBER 30 SHE WENT IN FOR RIGHT AWAY THEY TOLD ME THAT THEY HAD SOME ISSUES WITH HER BLOOD PRESSURE. AND THAT THEY WEREN'T ABLE TO DO THE PROCEDURE. BUT THEY WERE WAITING FOR HER TO COME OUT OF THE ANESTHESIA. HE SAYS ABOUT EIGHT HOURS PAST WHEN HE WAS TOLD SHE WOULD HAVE TO BE TRANSPORTED TO THE HOSPITAL. LAURA HAD GONE INTO CARDIAC ARREST. WHAT THEY TOLD ME IS THE ANESTHESIA WENT TO HER BRAIN INSTEAD OF HER BODY. RECEIPTS PROVIDED BY HER FAMILY SHOWED SHE PAID ABOUT 2000 FOR THE PROCEDURE. IF YOU CONSIDERING GETTING IT DONE IN ANOTHER COUNTRY BECAUSE IT'S CHEAPER PLEASE KEEP IN MIND ARE GETTING WHAT YOU PAY FOR. PROFESSIONAL FROM TEXAS TECH UNIVERSITY SAYS IT TAKES ABOUT 16 YEARS TO BECOME A PLASTIC SURGEON IN AMERICA. THE REQUIREMENTS IN MEXICO TAKE LESS TIME THAN THAT. THEY DO FEWER YEARS IN TERMS OF SPECIALTY TRAINING. THE REQUIREMENTS FOR GENERAL SURGERY ARE LESS. IT'S COMPARABLE BUT NOT THE SAME. THIS DOCTOR RECOMMENDS

  Top Comments:
  1. @deeward729 [1 likes]: Disgraceful
  2. @ቻቺ [1 likes]: As long as her husband loves her the way she was, why she cares about others 🤔🤔
  3. @robertm2293 [1 likes]: The husband should’ve told her she was perfect
  4. @holyisthelord8875 [1 likes]: Why do women do this??? There are so many cases of death from these sugery,but still people do it
  5. @ritabarber1155: Vanity is a dangerous thing!!! Not right !
  6. @lindaphillips4672: Her family and friends have my condolences. She was too young for this to happen.  I wish people would use more caution with these cosmetic procedures. They also need to think carefully about having the surgery done in Mexico or other countries. I've heard a LOT of Horrible things out of Mexico. So sad.😒
  7. @CommonSense76: There’s just some things you don’t do to save money.  She got her Darwin Award
  8. @cuzu5145: Even American doctors aren’t that good better to go see a psychologist before getting plastic surgery.
  9. @michellewu6617: All those who don't like their natural body are brain damaged already. Sorry for them.
  10. @girltal.k: Nightmarish
  11. @naturelife2473: No problem plastic surgery  is good.   People need freedom,....
  12. @capriflorez7162: She's already pretty! Why do it. May nose is wider not good but who cares. 😮😮😮😅
  13. @FreedomofSpeech865: The be happy with what you got crew, newsflash: you are always at risk for any type of surgery.
  14. @miklo5755: There's actually great medical practice there, but you need to know where to go in Mexico.
  15. @cosmickitty9533: 2,800 pesos is apparently like $140. I hate to say you get what you pay for but damn
  16. @verareiki9263: I used to want to get surgery plastic surgery this and that but then I decided you know God made me the way I am and people don't like what they see that's just too bad I would never get plastic surgery even from the most best surgeons in the world. Says in the Bible you should not be you shouldn't have vanity
  17. @ShockerTopper: Man I feel so bad for people that have vanity and are cheap about it at that. I can’t feel sorry for anyone that creates their own problems especially when they don’t have flaws. Go see a psychologist that isn’t on the woke train (so one that’ll be honest with you whether you want to hear it or not) and get help
  18. @joannajoanna933: Is she still alive ?
  19. @lynnw9268: Anesthesia went to her brain instead of her body?? That makes absolutely 0 sense.
What on the actual heck!
  20. @saurabhbahuguna8040: Frightening

- Plastic surgeon analyzes Gen Z plastic surgery craze | Morning in America: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I hope you're feeling pretty today some people like to get some work done no judgment Fuller lips narrower noses more prominent cheekbones this is nothing new a plastic surgeons say they're seeing more and more patients at younger and younger ages the American Academy of facial plastic and reconstructive surgery says gen Z is flocking to plastic surgeons at record numbers 75 percent of Surgeons reported a spike in demand from clients under age 30 in the past year yes there's a less invasive work Botox fillers chemical peels microneedling the most popular some are coming in for surgery like face lifts eye Rejuvenation nose jobs those top the list let's bring an American Academy of facial plastic and reconstructive surgery president and board member Dr Theta contest live from Maryland okay Dr contes cosmetic surgery we know that people want to look younger and look better but gen Z is anywhere from about 11 to 26 years old so are you seeing teenagers coming to plastic surgeons offices and and what in the world are they getting done well that's a very good question you know for years we've had teenagers come in for rhinoplasty and that's sort of a common thing that young people ask for um but we are seeing now some young people coming in even with their parents for some injectables uh mostly for the lips actually and for these young people it's more of seeing a deformity in themselves they they see their maybe their upper lip is a little bit too small and they ask their parents if it's okay to get injections and they bring them in sometimes um it sounds to me like parents are more comfortable with it and so it's kind of like oh Mom and Dad are doing it let me just get a little plump up on the lip I mean it's just become more casual for people who are over a certain age so that their kids are doing what kids do as Mom and Dad does you know the fruit doesn't fall far from the tree but the Brazilian butt lifts uh procedure for younger and younger people uh the buccal I hope I'm saying that right let me know if I'm Buckle fat removal to make your cheekbones appear more prominent is this all because of that is right in here right here is this because they want to look like their favorite celebrities on tick tock very commonly yes but it's really in my opinion it's a mistake the buccal fat is right in here and as we age we lose that fat so we get hollowed out and you know we do all these fillers right like rested Restylane and Juvederm to fill in the face where we've lost the volume so taking that beautiful fat away is a mistake because it's going to look good now but when they're older it's going to look terrible I love how you said beautiful fat I think we need to write a book you and me and it's going to be titled beautiful fat because there are so many I mean you look at modeling today and there's been this influx or this change to seeing women who are not just a size zero and you know curvy and and just embracing their body types but still we're seeing this rage in in plastic surgery what would you tell a parent or a grandparent to tell their child who's saying you know what I really think I need to get my face done and it's just too young well you know there is something called body dysmorphic syndrome and that's when a person perceives a defect in themselves that ruins their life they and it's probably some minor little defect it may be something that even you and I can't see but it's something that just devastates them and you have to be so careful that that isn't the issue because that's more of a mental health issue so you know if if a child is complaining about a deformity um that they perceive it's not a bad idea for the parents to bring them in to see a surgeon and and you know an ethical surgeon is going to say you know leave it alone that's normal that looks fine or if they do perceive that it's something they can help them with it's a wonderful thing for mental health I'll tell you a personal story I was 14 when I had a had my rhinoplasty done I perceived my big Greek nose as a deformity and all I did was focus on it and once I had my rhinoplasty I felt normal and I stopped looking at it and the things we can do for a Young Person's self-esteem to fix that is wonderful and it really is about what's inside and that will never grow old you just gotta show you gotta talk to them and and let them know what it's inside that counts a doctor a Theta conscious thank you so much for being with us thank you for watching go to newsnation now.com to find news Nation on your television provider and don't forget to click the red subscribe button below to get more of news Nations fact-driven unbiased coverage

  Top Comments:
  1. @Shannon_Moore [7 likes]: It doesn't help that we have that "Yas Queen , do whatever makes you happy don't even care about the risk who cares about that as long as you look good, duhhhh" mentality in this generation Instead of being happy with what you were born with
  2. @Chris66Mas [6 likes]: Why not use ai and ‘perfect’ looking robots instead? Btw for a fact: Alpha men find fake looking women revolting!
  3. @January. [2 likes]: The presenter is full of it. She got her job BASED ON HER APPEARANCE, (NOT her inner qualities,), youth, and ethnicity.
  4. @theman7088 [1 likes]: ayy man... they been doing this crazy ness since VH1 was popping lol...get this self love crap outta here man... the problem with all that and this is that we will always want more, best solution is to seek the Lord and see what He see's in you.
  5. @tekarock [1 likes]: That was interesting. 😄 The reporter and the doctor were not talking about the same thing. 😄 I agree with the reporter though 👍
  6. @Mark-qq7io: At some point these greedy doctors have to learn to say no or should be against the law there's no stopping these doctors from making money but in the long run they're hurting the patient
  7. @KW0074L: Adrienne trying to pretend she hasn't had work done to keep people from noticing all the MILES she has on her from different networks.
  8. @ibuyphysical: Just call a spade a spade, social media is a blight on society, and it's contributing to the rise of body dysmorphia

- How British Tourists Are Pressured Into Cosmetic Surgery in Turkey: Kind: captions Language: en I can explain on your body how the operation will be done from here we can remove the all the fat so it will be a bit Slimmer like this yeah uh and also we can use that fat to put that area as well we are giving a bit discounted price so if you're happy to go with us at least you can freeze the price and we know that with the deposit but we know that you are coming to us I have been investigating how Turkish medical clinics have been targeting British women and encouraging them to have plastic surgery social media is just littered with ads for cosmetic surgery in Turkey um and these ads often have 20% off BBL you know 50% off breast augmentation if you book now they don't explain any of the risks um and it does look almost too good to be true thousands of British tourists travel to Turkey every year for procedures such as breast implants liposuction face lifts dental work and weight loss surgeries while the clinics say they act responsibly the recent boom in medical tourism to turkey has led to alarming reports the British government said that 28 British Nationals had died following medical visits to a range of clinics in Turkey since January 2019 separately there are now also companies with bases in the UK which are linked to Turkish clinics they recruit patients here but do not face British medical regulations and do not have British medical licenses one of the companies I found was Clinic Center so I initially contacted Clinic Center um just just over just through their online booking form and um a sales rep came back to me within a few hours I have chosen to ask for Brazilian buttlift surgery because this is one of the most popular at the moment but it also comes with the most risks this is a procedure which involves liposuction on various parts of the body to remove fat which is then injected into the buttocks to make them bigger if the operation goes wrong there can be fatal consequences Clinic Center did not say I had to have an inperson consultation before flying to Turkey for surgery but I saw online that it offered free physical consultations in London I arrived with a colleague who posed as my sister and filmed using hidden cameras we were met by EJ gai who describes herself as head of medical consultants for Clinic Center although she is not a doctor or registered as any kind of medical professional in the UK um Charlotte yes you are Charlotte yeah I'm charl okay um you are here support or okay on her desk there was a box of medical examination gloves and a display of breast implants within 4 minutes of me arriving in her office she had put on one of the gloves and asked me to undress behind a screen I can explain on your body how the operation will be done okay then I will explain you all the other details what you okay yeah uh we can inject the excess fat to here to create this AR gloss shape so we can feel that area I will also show you some before pictur oh yeah there had been no proper warnings about the risks of surgery or about whether I had any mental health conditions such as body dysmorphic disorder she proceeded to discuss the different options for surgery to reshape my body this one is that type yeah but also huh we have this one I asked her whether there were any risks to having the surgery is it like it's safe and like yeah we don't take any risk yeah the the thing is um you might have like heard the bad stories yeah but these surgeons are taking too much fat yeah instead we are telling you it's not a surgery that we are like taking risk and we are removing the fat as much as possible there's a limit for everyone she said the price I had been offered for surgery was a discounted amount for international patients suggesting this was a reward for signing up relatively quickly we don't want you to um wait too much to finalize the process because we are just making it win-win she then took us through how the company would be able to arrange an allinclusive package to travel to Turkey for surgery this is how what the package includes so from now on if you're happy with everything you pay deposit and you become upcoming patient yeah we will uh arrive day one we will welcome you at airport your driver will be waiting for you there gunai repeatedly told me that it was up to me to decide what I wanted and never hard so treatment when Clinic Center patients fly to Turkey for their surgeries it is thought they will always meet with their surgeon beforeand before we left I asked gunai to clarify what her job was and if she was a consultant she said that I would have to speak to a surgeon for specific medical issues but that she had many years of experience in the industry since plastic surgery is a bit I mean kind of basic it doesn't depends on any health issue that much like I don't need to see any FES or ultrasound results if you don't have any medical condition that's why I mean for 8 years I understand I cannot just make operation right now I theorically know everything when I first contacted Clinic Center a Salesman calling himself Unice replied via WhatsApp and email within only a few hours he had confirmed that I had been approved for surgery and turkey and offered me a special deal the company also promotes its treatments using a video that it paid Dr Alex George to appear in George is a former A&E Doctor Who was a contestant on the TV reality show love island has millions of followers on social media sites and was appointed by the previous government as a youth mental health Ambassador I'm here in Istanbul to find out more about medical tourism there's been so much in UK press in recent years quite negative stories about procedures here in Turkey I'm here with Clinic Center who've given me unrestricted access to speak to patients and surgeons to find out their experiences and find out the truth metway is another UK company that recruits for cosmetic surgery in Turkey I initially signed up with meaway to inquire about having a BBL but then also asked for breast augmentation eye surgery and rhinoplasty before having a consultation with a medical professional I was told I could have these treatments spread over two operations 6 months apart and that I could have a 30% discount if I paid the full costs up front I received a follow-up phone call from a representative at meaway offering me another chance to get discounted cosmetic surgery it's been three days after the video call I can only extend it by the end of tonight I will talk to my managers if you are ready to book otherwise they will ask for you to go ahead with the standard package price 8 Days Later the saleswoman got in touch again with yet another offer in the UK medical professionals must Carry Out full consultations before signing someone up for surgery they have to be honest about risks not make unjustifiable claims and surgeons should ensure that patient do not have mental health conditions such as body dysmorphic disorder there is also an obligatory cooling off period however as these clinics carry out procedures in Turkey they are not under the same obligations to adhere to the strict medical guidelines in place in the UK for [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ahshari [6 likes]: Was it legal to show her face and tell her name??
  2. @anthonysummers3446 [1 likes]: As CNN would say “look at those beautiful missiles”.
  3. @MaverickPete-Mitchell: they should stick to the kebab😂

- Plastic vs Cosmetic Surgery: What's the Difference?: Kind: captions Language: en - Plastic surgery has two components, cosmetic and reconstructive. The reconstructive is usually taking birth defects perhaps, or defects caused by accidents or cancer, and reconstructing them, taking abnormal back to normal. Cosmetic, though, is taking normal, and making it better. Surgeons like us only do cosmetic surgery. A lot of plastic surgeons only do reconstructive surgery, that's the other part of plastic surgery, and most plastic surgeons do a little bit of both. All four of the doctors here at Austin-Weston are certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, that board that's regulated and governed by the National Board of Medical Specialty. Each of us does four or five times the number of face lifts, breast augmentations, tummy tucks, then the average plastic surgeon who specializes in cosmetic surgery. So, you have to be careful, and check the board credentials. There's just greater variability in the board certification of cosmetic surgery than there is in plastic surgery.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wilfredoestrella7779 [2 likes]: Which is better when you want to go nose job? Plastic or cosmetic surgeon?
  2. @muzzammalqureshi8014: What is Aesthetic surgery ?
  3. @lmpstudios5422: I have watched many book an appointment with the plastic surgeon that lead to permanent disfigurement. 

The issue is that most of these people were already depressed before seeking help. An help that  eventually made them to lose money, hope and probably the source of their livelihood.

I am not saying seeking the help of a plastic surgeon is bad as many people has found hope and love in their alms. 
The issue is how do we know the good ones?

Watch this video and you would be surprised how someone's dream was destroy be he sought for help.

[Plastic Surgery](https://youtu.be/FwkaAmhnPsY)
  4. @DrSyazliPlasticSurgeonMalaysia: hi, I am a plastic surgeon, visit my channel for discussions on plastic surgery :)
  5. @jgeberec27: Anyone in need of medical shapewear or Colombian shapewear go to 3heartemporio.com

- WHY I Quit Plastic Surgery Residency: Kind: captions Language: en Alright, what is going on guys? For those of you who are new here, my name is Dr. Kevin Jubbal. I graduated medical school in 2017, matched into plastic surgery and in 2018, I quit. So last week, I showed you what my last day of residency was like. It's kind of a trip for me to even watch that because it's like such a mix of emotions. And in this video, I'm gonna explain why I quit. Now if you're too impatient to watch the whole video, I think this makes sense if you do watch the whole video, but if you just want to get straight to the chase, it's essentially because I had two great options and because there's only 24 hours in a day, I had to choose one. It really just boils down to that. Now there is a lot that went into this decision and it was actually very hard for me to just say it in a linear fashion because there's so many different things coming in at different times. So I made a Notability note on my iPad. I'm gonna be referring to this, while I talk you guys through it. First of all, the structure of this video. There's gonna be timestamps down in the description, so you can jump to each part. There will be four parts. First, the four most common questions I get and the brief answers to that. Number two, some background information that I think is important to understand why I quit. Number three, the actual thought process and the exercises that led to my decision. And then number four, The Aftermath and what comes next for me and for the YouTube channels, etc. Alright, so first, the four most common questions. The most, the number one most common question I get is, "Why did you hate it? "Why did you not like residency?" "Why did you-- you must have quit because you hated it." That's not true. The reason I quit is not because I didn't like plastic surgery. I think by far, I mean again, I am biased but I think that plastic surgery by far is the coolest, most innovative, sci-fi, exciting, beautiful field in all of medicine. So it's not because I hated plastic surgery. The next question is those who are not in medicine and they say, "Why did you throw it all away?" "You did pre-med, you got into med school, you worked hard there, you got into residency and now you're just throwing it all away starting from scratch. That seems so counterintuitive. Why would you do that?' My answer to that is I'm not throwing it all away. In fact, what I'm doing now requires me to have earned my MD and have matched into a competitive specialty, like plastics. And number three, this one comes from people who are usually in medicine, although last week I was speaking to a lawyer, she knows a lot of people in medicine, and she was like, "What the hell? Why would you quit Plastics? What is wrong with you? Like Plastics is top of the top!" And I mean, I get what she's-- where she's coming from. Because plastic surgery is very competitive. Depending on the data set you look at, it's either the number 1 or number 2 most competitive specialty to get into. If you want to know more about which specialties are competitive, I actually made a video today on the Med School Insiders channel, going over the top 5 most competitive specialties. And the fourth most common question I get is, "What happens to MSI? You can't, you can't have quit residency and then still work on MSI." I kind of see where that's coming from but it doesn't... it doesn't make sense because Med School Insiders is about empowering pre-meds and medical students, and helping them get into either med school or residency. And our customers have been super happy because we have the systems in place that produce amazing results. And whether or not I'm in residency, that doesn't change anything. Our company is not Residency Insiders. Right? So, I'm not helping residents get into fellowship. But based on, you know, excelling as a pre-med, excelling in medical school, getting into a super competitive residency like Plastics, I haven't lost any credibility, any experience, any expertise, when it comes to what Med School Insiders does. Alright, so part number two, let's go over some background. I'm gonna keep this brief but it is necessary to go over this to really understand why I quit. Now, I like to think that this started in med school when I started like essentially, my first significant company, but people who know me better would argue I started sooner, so I'll go over that. So first in middle school, I was-- I used to draw cars. I've been drawing cars since I was four years old and I would sell them to other students for their lunch money as like a sixth grader. So that was like my first entrepreneurial venture, if you will. Soon after that, still in middle school, I started making and selling these duct tape wallets, which were like a thing back then. I don't know why. Then in high school, I started this tutoring company with my brother called 'SummIT Up Tutoring.' Essentially, he and I were tutoring other students and, through word of mouth alone, people heard that we were really good, so we got a lot of customers. And it got to the point where we're like, "We need to study for our own classes, we can't tutor like 15 students every week. That's just not possible." So to scale, we actually looked to our friends who were performing well and said, "Hey will you tutor for us? We'll give you customers, you pay us a commission." So essentially, we hired tutors to help us with our high customer load. Now in medical school, I totally fell in love with plastic surgery. It's this beautiful, amazing, high-tech, super innovative field, and I got interested in health care start-ups, biomedical innovation. Now my medical school didn't have any dedicated bio-medical incubators for students. So, I decided to make one and I did all this research-- Again, this wasn't for like credit or anything, I was just really passionate about it. So I read textbooks and I read primary literature, and I decided to model this incubator after Stanford's Biodesign. So what we do is, we take medical students, business students and engineering students, put them on these interdisciplinary teams, give them the resources and mentorship and help them create healthcare start-ups. So this thing like took off. It was really really exciting, actually. I remember flying back from Cape Town to give a presentation to Janet Napolitano, who is the president of the entire UC system. I mean it was like, it was wild! We secured funding. We were in multiple different news articles. The engineering podcast interviewed us. It was wild. It was awesome times. Soon after that in October of 2016, I started Med School Insiders. And that was a lot of fun because for the first time, I felt like all the lessons that I had learned over the past eight years, you know, between college and med school, I was finally able to share them with other people. And in a way that like, you know, before when we were doing tutoring in high school, that was like small-scale but now I was reaching thousands, millions of people. And the most rewarding part was I would get these messages or these comments or these emails saying, "You know, I was struggling with my classes or I wasn't in a happy place" or all these different issues, "but hey, after watching your videos," like even my first ever video on study strategies, "now I'm just like crushing it." And I be like like f*** yeah, dude. More power to you and that was a lot of fun. That was-- I didn't realize how exciting and rewarding that aspect alone would be. Okay, now one more thing about the background. Before starting residency, there were a lot of people who kind of felt that I was more of an entrepreneur than a surgeon. One of the residents I worked with during an away rotation, he didn't say this to me. He said this to another resident but I found out after I quit. He was like, "Yeah, I don't think Kevin's gonna make it through residency because he has all these interests outside of surgery and if you're going to go through a surgical residency, surgery has to be like your life." And then there was also my friend's dad, who is a venture capitalist, also didn't say this to my face but he was like, "Yeah", this-- again, this is a venture capitalist, so like his entire career, the last 30, 40 years have just been finding and investing entrepreneurs. So the first day I meet him, he doesn't say this to me but I find out later that... After that first day, he was like, "Yeah, Kevin's an entrepreneur!" And again, as a VC, they say, "You bet on the jockey not the horse." So he knows the personality type. He knows-- He knew very quickly that I was an entrepreneur at heart. Okay number three. The thought process and the actual decision. This is probably what you guys care about the most. So I'm walking to the OR. June 30th, 2017. Chair of department is there and one of my senior residents, and first day, they gave me the scalpel and we're doing Dupuytren's contracture release. It's like this, this hand contracture. And there were like, "Yeah, just don't cut any nerves." and I was like, "What, this is wild!" And I love operating. It was just-- There's this thing about operating where you get into flow. The time just flies by. There's this-- You see this issue and you use your hands to solve that problem. It's-- I just couldn't imagine myself doing anything other than surgery. It just... it's just so cool. Now, as you can imagine, surgical residency is challenging. And at the same time, I was balancing Blue LINC, the biomedical incubator as well as Med School Insiders, as well as being a resident in the hospital as well as studying when I went back home. So, there was a lot to do and not enough time. There just weren't enough hours in a day. Okay, so you guys may be wondering right now. "Well, I got a friend, I got an uncle, I got a cousin who, you know, as a resident, also doing a lot of things." It's important to know two things. So first in the US, there's an 80-hour restriction. So the ACGME says, "Residents can work up to 80 hours a week on average." Average over four weeks, and in other countries... So in the EU, you know, the UK, other European countries, there is a 48-hour restriction. So they need to be working 48 hours or less. I know in some other European countries, it's even lower than that. And that's the direction that we should be going. We-- Residents do not need to be working 80 hours to be effective doctors. But that's a topic for another video. And then secondly, it's surgical versus non surgical. So on average, if you are in a surgical residency like Plastics, Ortho, Neurosurgery, General surgery, then you're gonna be working more hours than non-surgical like anesthesia or emergency medicine. Awesome specialties but you're not going to be working on average as many hours as someone surgical. So, if I was Anesthesia or Emergency Medicine both of which I think are really cool interesting specialties, will I still be in residency? Possibly. Hard to say. Okay, so obviously, to balance all these things was intense to say the least. I was told by multiple people that, "Kevin, you are the most productive person I have ever met." And I'd be, like, "Yeah thanks, you know, I try." But I think they were probably thinking like "No, no dude that's... you're a little bit too extreme. You need to tone it down." Like I had every single minute of my day, like so surgically precise and so optimized. When I would wake up, I would use the toilet for ten minutes and then I'm like going through my emails. My breakfast was optimized because when you're operating, you usually don't eat for like most of the day. I would ride my bike to work, I wouldn't drive. Because by biking, I would actually, save about 60 seconds on my commute because I live very close. But more importantly, I would get my cardio in, so I wouldn't have to spend time elsewhere doing cardio. If I was waiting in line at the grocery store or waiting for food at a restaurant, I would pull out my phone and start doing Anki flashcards. Like it was, it was intense. Next, The Decline. So obviously, this is not sustainable. I found myself getting sick, I wasn't as happy. I felt like I was always working because I was always working. I was getting lonely. You know, you work six days per week in residency and during that seventh day, usually it should be like hanging out with friends and relaxing. I was just playing catch-up on Blue LINC or Med School Insiders. I feel like the level of efficiency that I had in med school was good and sustainable, but in residency, it got to like too much of an extreme. It was just trying to do too many things into a little time. I don't think it was healthy. I eventually realized that I couldn't-- I needed the help of some other people to realize this. I realized that I couldn't sustain this for six years. Plastic surgery residency is six years and something had to change. Essentially what that came down to is, I can't do both plastic surgery and entrepreneurship. It's just not gonna work. Now, if you guys don't already know, I'm a huge Tim Ferriss fan. Listen to his podcast. Read all his books. And he has this TED talk, it's called 'Fear Setting'. And in this TED talk, he suggests you write three sheets. First you write what you're afraid of doing at the top. So for me it's like, "What if I quit plastic surgery?" And then you have three sheets. The first sheet you write what you fear. "If I quit plastic surgery, I'm afraid of A, B, C and D." "How would I prevent these fears from happening?" And "How would I repair these fears if they did come true?" The next sheet was Benefits. "What are the benefits of doing this action that you so fear?" The third is, "The cost of inaction." So essentially like Opportunity Cost. "By not doing this action, what are you losing out on?" So those are the three that he recommends. I took it a step further and added two more sheets of my own. One, was a Pros and Cons list. So I had 'Plastic Surgery', 'Entrepreneurship' and then doing both Plastic Surgery and Entrepreneurship. And under each of these, I had two columns of 'Pros' and 'Cons'. And I realized that by doing both Plastics and Entrepreneurship, I was going to suck at both. You-- I wanted to be an excellent surgeon and be an excellent entrepreneur, but by trying to do both, I wouldn't be excellent at either. And then the last sheet I made was notes. Just a sheet to track all of the conversations and various notes I've had over the weeks and months. After spending several hours on that exercise, it became pretty clear. I was like, "Oh, I need to quit Plastic surgery residency." Like damn! That is, that is extreme! And obviously, I did not act on that. I wanted to not rush into anything, not do anything foolish because once you quit, you cannot go back. Especially with Plastic surgery residency because again, it's one of the most competitive specialties. It has a surgical, like culture so it just wouldn't fly. So I sat with it and every day, every night for weeks and months, I would have this journal, a paper journal not a phone because again, all the optimization and having that backlight would keep me up at night, so I had a paper journal at night and I would have this scale, "How much do I want to do entrepreneurship? How much I want to do plastic surgery? If I could only choose one." And every single night it was Entrepreneurship. It was never on the side of just doing Plastics. So I also did this eulogy exercise from Steve Covey's, 'Seven Habits of Highly Effective People'. Now essentially, what I learned from this exercise is that I want to make the largest positive impact that I can in the world and I felt that entrepreneurship was the avenue through which I was much more likely to be successful in doing that. And with Plastic surgery, yeah, I would be helping people it would be... I think I would be a great surgeon and I don't mean to sound cocky when I say that. I think that I had the skill set that would be conducive to being a great surgeon and I cared about my patients. I think I had good bedside manner, I think, like I have, I'm great with my hands. I've been doing drawing or fine, like tiny model cars and everything since I was a kid, so my motor skills were there. In fact, when I did my away rotations in Plastic surgery, at least one attending at each institution, sometimes even the program directors or the chairs would comment that I was operating at a skillset beyond my years, like, "Why are you operating at a... at a second or third year resident level when you're a fourth year med student?" So I loved that, but that was-- my ego was getting in the way. I was like, "Oh, I'm gonna be this great surgeon, I'm gonna be so good with my hands", but ultimately, I would make a bigger impact if I'm doing business and helping the world through entrepreneurship. So I kind of had to let the ego die a little bit when I said, "You know what, being a surgeon and entrepreneur would be badass but I got to choose one and I think what's best for the world and ultimately what I think would be best for me because of that, is entrepreneurship. Now, a lot of you right now are probably thinking that, "Damn, Kevin is crazy!" And I mean what I did is not reasonable. A lot of startups fail, a lot of like, like the safer thing to do would have been to stick with Plastic surgery residency, to become a plastic surgeon, help people live a great life, like everything's taken care of. That's the safe path, it's a good path. But doing entrepreneurship, while it is riskier, I am betting on myself, I believe that I have what it takes to essentially come out on top. So I spoke with a lot of mentors before I made the decision and a lot of those mentors were surgeons that were in Plastic or other specialties. And I was surprised by how many of them actually supported my decision. I was surprised by how supportive my program was. I can't say enough kind things about my program because they were, like my program director, the institution at large was very supportive of my decision and overall, I was really just impressed by the grace with which they handled it. Now okay, Next Steps, what I want to do. So, my long term life vision, my long term, like what I want my mark to be on the world is essentially eliminating medical student and resident burnout depression and suicide. It's this huge issue that we have, the US, like medical education training system is so broken and then we tell the med students and the residents, like, "You guys need to take better care of yourselves", which is, it's this huge issue, I want to work on it. It's gonna take me years, if not decades to make meaningful progress there but that's what I want my legacy to be. As for Med School Insiders, I'm still gonna be producing regular videos every week on the Med School Insiders channel. I will also be producing videos on this Vlog channel and I'll still be doing like 'A Day in the Life', so I'll be making sure that they're relevant to you guys. It's not gonna just be me like traveling the world and things like that. I'm still very passionate about productivity, efficiency, medicine, these things. Anyways, that is it for the video. Thank you guys so much for watching. I'm sure you still probably have some questions, so leave them down below and I'll do my best to answer them in the coming weeks. Thank you for watching and I will see you guys in that next one. [music playing]

  Top Comments:
  1. @kevinjubbalmd [996 likes]: If you're surprised by the decision - I was too. It feels great on the other side, but I still love medicine. I wish I could have done both, but it's just not possible. I don't want anyone to be discouraged just because I decided it wasn't the best path for me.
  2. @ayz123_87 [8 likes]: im a hospital pharmacist...this guy is so self absorbed its disgusting.
  3. @112doc [6 likes]: I started a plastic fellowship after general surgery residency. I detested the emphasis on cosmetics/money in plastics. I discovered I loved taking care of sick patients and doing big trauma. If you don’t stay at training/trauma centers you don’t do significant reconstruction. I thought plastics would be a great match, too. I have a minor in fine art and earned money in medical illustration. Caring for trauma and vascular emergencies is a calling, doing boob jobs isn’t.
  4. @fairsi1 [4 likes]: I don’t like all these med school quitters on YouTube. I was looking role models for my son 😵 YouTubers are probably easier to make money
  5. @nad2604 [1 likes]: All my support Kevin❤
  6. @DoctorRin_2 [1 likes]: He thinks it’s not worth the effort lol. But to be honest being a a business man suits him better. Medicine is not for everyone.
  7. @Corum-x3s [1 likes]: 📍Bauer College of Business
📍Mays College of Business
📍Hunt College of Business
📍Alvarez College of Business
📍Katz College of Business
📍Lundquist College of Business
📍Lee College of Business
📍Warrington College of Business
📍 Hankamer College of Business
📍Herbert College of Business
📍Leeds College of Business
📍Rawls College of Business
  8. @sunriselotus [1 likes]: I was in residency during the Covid pandemic. It was VERY lonely. You only get one day off a week and no one to be around. It’s very awful.
  9. @sunriselotus [1 likes]: So Kevin, I was a pediatrics resident and we worked 80 hrs a week in the hospital. I know it’s not surgery h it the physical time you have to be in a hospital is equal draining, even if you just a patient’s family member or hc worker. Sounds like you knew you would be successful no matter what you did and didn’t have 48 hrs in a day to do both just as you said.
  10. @Dr.Dagi-Medical [1 likes]: how is the status of blue linc now ?
  11. @melviness4769: hey Kevin, sorry if this is blunt but I myself am in medical school and I have second thoughts as well on whether or not i want to continue with residency or not (im outside US tho different system) or if I should pursue the equivalent of an MBA in my country. So do you as an entrepreneur earn as much or more than you would have if you had continued as a plastic surgeon or somewhat less?
  12. @user-n5s1p: I aspire to be this brave and true to myself.
  13. @duckymomo7935: you can definitely have finished residency and did MSI/med school channels

there plenty of doctors (not necessarily practicing but just completed residency/quit) and still run social media
  14. @IlllIIIllIlIllllllIlll: If you were operating as a 3rd year resident while you were a 4th year medical student on aways, you should have been operating as a 4th year resident as an intern. Residency should have been a joke for you.
  15. @russellintahoe: I always hated that I went into engineering.  I always wish I went to medical school.  I started my own engineering company and I work about 30 minutes a week when I was in my early 40s.  I make as much as the average doctor.  I used to make much more before the pandemic, but that is another story.  I love living at a ski resort and enjoying life instead of working.  We all make life choices and I chose my quality of life over being a productive member of society.
  16. @artnile9818: I don’t want to get into residency and quit, not sure what I’m interested in any longer and I can’t quite medical school…
  17. @babloo1666: you have a heroic chin
  18. @sunriselotus: Yes. the loneliness with get to you/kill you before the depression does. I really dislike it how as a medical culture no one talks about feelings. And everyone silently things all of the other people know what they are supposed to do.
  19. @joseloor4762: Doctor and medical
Provider burnout and depression needs to be addressed as well there is so much pressure once you are licensed
  20. @joseloor4762: Wow you have resilience!

- IVANKA TRUMP'S Cosmetic Surgery Transformation!: Kind: captions Language: en she's one of the world's most recognizable young women but has she had plastic surgery let's break down Ivanka Trump and what I think you've had done from a plastic surgery perspective over the years [Music] I need to start this video by letting you know that I am not ivanka's plastic surgeon so everything in this video are my opinions only however I have looked at Ivanka very closely and have examined photos of her over the years so let's break it down this is Ivanka Trump at the age of 17 back in 1998 and as you can see she does not look anything like she does today take a close look at her nose her nose looks very very different today than it did back then and you can see she has a bump on the top of her nose her nose is a little bit rounder and it actually has a shape of her mom's nose Ivana Trump she also appears to have Micro Genia and this is a scientific term for a smaller chin this too will change over the years now let's fast forward just one year and this is Ivanka at 1999 at the age of 18. and she looks very very different you're starting to see the Ivanka Trump that we know today but she's not quite there yet so take a look at her nose and if you focus in on her nose you can tell that her nose has changed shape a bit I believe that Ivanka underwent her first rhinoplasty between 1997 and 1998 giving her a nose that is a bit straighter that bump is pretty much gone but it still doesn't quite look like the Ivanka Trump knows of today now let's fast forward a full seven years now Ivanka Trump is 26 years old she is a beautiful young woman she is recognized all around the world for her beauty and I believe she has had a decent amount of plastic surgery if you compare a nose from 2006 back to the last photo we looked at from 1999 you can see her nose definitely looks thinned and more refined so I believe Chandra went a second rhinoplasty in this interim also if you look at her chin her chin does not look quite so small anymore I believe she also underwent a chin implant sometime during this time as well a chicken plant is typically a solid silicone implant that can be placed through the inside the mouth or underneath the chin and it lies literally right along the chin bone these implants unlike breast implants are made to last basically forever you do not have to switch them out unlike a breast implant now I do chin implants quite often and what I find is it really helps with the harmony of the face it helps everything just kind of match better for some people that we do it on and in ivanka's case I think that it definitely does that when the chin is on the smaller side it can make the nose and the eyes look bigger than they really are putting in a chin implant can create Perfect Harmony to the face that we are starting to see now with Ivanka now let's fast forward just one year to 2007 and by looking at her profile you can really see how her chin looks very different than it used to so let's compare how she looks like in 2007 to the first photo we looked at way back in 1998. as you can see her nose looks very different it's much more refined it is much thinner and her chin itself has much more projection than it used to although the bones of the face do change as you mature a chin does not grow like this naturally now let's forward two years to 2009 she's 28 years old she looks fantastic and this is the Ivanka Trump that we all know and now let's fast forward to 2012 she's 31 years old so she's no longer in her 20s and I believe that this is around the time where she really started using injectable treatments I believe looking at this Photograph that she may have injectable fillers in her cheeks and in her lips but it is very subtle she has not had a ton of work done as far as injections she may have also had some botas injected into her forehead and into her crow's feet and frown lines everything just looks smooth smoother than it usually does in somebody who's 31. and I think you can really see it in this photo of her with Jared where you can see from the side her cheeks are nice and full looking I don't think that this is natural although it's always possible I believe she's had some cheek filler very subtly to add volume into her cheeks and to give them that high sculpted appearance that she has are you like the millions of people who have a bathroom filled with half empty bottles and tubes of skin care they may have promised to reduce your wrinkles lighten your blemishes and help you feel better about your skin but none of them actually worked well I've got the answer for you it's called Yoon Beauty you and beauty is one of the only skincare lines that combines natural and organic ingredients with the latest and scientifically proven components like vitamin C and retinol I'm so certain that you'll love you and beauty products that we offer a 30-day money-back guarantee no questions asked head to unbeauty.com and use a coupon code 20 off to get 20 off your first order over ninety nine dollars I'll put a link in the caption below once you try you and beauty products I bet you'll throw away your other skin care products and start loving your skin again thank you for putting your trust in me now let's look at two photos of her from 2015 at the age of 34. there's one where we are a little zoomed out you can see that her nose is definitely quite narrow she does have that nice projection to her chin and her lips are still full at the age of 34. but if we zoom in a little bit at her smiling take a close look at her nose a lot of people ask me how can you tell if somebody's had a rhinoplasty or a nose job there are certain telltale signs of a rhinoplasty that you can see in a lot of patients who've had it done and when you zoom in and she smiles you can see a thinner area where her nostrils meet the central portion or the dorsum of her nose this is an appearance that you often see in people who've had rhinoplasty surgery and it's because we remove cartilage quite often from the nostrils or the nasal Ayla removing this cartilage can cause it to look a bit thinner and when a person Smiles it can create this little divots or indentations on either side of the nose now there are some people who have this naturally but I do see quite a few people who've had rhinoplasty surgery that exhibit this as well her lips also are very full for somebody who's 34 and you can see her forehead is completely smooth and wrinkle free I believe that these are likely signs of filler in her lips and Botox in her forehead now let's take a look at Ivanka one year later in 2016 and if you look at her she's starting to look a little bit like Kim Kardashian in this photo now she looks glamorous at the age of 35 she does look like her face has gotten a little more sculpted though I do think she's once again getting injectable filler in her cheeks but if you look at her cheek Hollows they do look a bit more sculpted it is possible that she underwent a buckle fat removal and that is removal of fat from the inside the cheeks creating an indentation in that area her cheeks once again are nice and full and elevated and once again this could be a sign of injectable filler in the cheeks as well and now let's go forward three years to 2019. she's 38 years old and looks fantastic I don't see any signs that she has had any major plastic surgery like a facelift or eyelid lift or anything like that however I do believe that she is continuing to keep up with injectable fillers maybe some Botox and not surprisingly she may have some breast implants as well but that is a whole other topic of conversation while Ivanka Trump is a fashion icon who I believe has had a decent amount of plastic surgery but not a ton while there is a country music icon who's had a ton of plastic surgery and her name is Dolly Parton what has she admitted to and what do I think she's had that maybe she hasn't admitted to take a peek at this video right up here where I go through all of what I believe Dolly Partners had done this might surprise you and remember eat real food use Clean Skin Care and only consider actual plastic surgery as a last resort

  Top Comments:
  1. @DoctorYoun [125 likes]: While Ivanka appears to have undergone a lot of changes, DOLLY PARTON has done this and more! Check out my analysis of Dolly's plastic surgery here! https://youtu.be/08JT2ndik3A
  2. @spinning1063 [2 likes]: She is beautiful!
  3. @BarbaraReuter-v7y [1 likes]: What about her Mother Ivana ? And Barbara Walters, I always thought she looked good, not overdone !?😮
  4. @thegumbird4696 [1 likes]: I don’t blame her. As she got older, she looked more and more like her dad and Eric.
  5. @grisellecarter872 [1 likes]: I hear you say she is beautiful , I just can’t see it
  6. @808bigisland: Ivanka has Epsteins nose
  7. @Vivian-u4h: She had a boy face
  8. @dmbmamas3880: I BEGGED my parents for a nosejob after a boy called me a "witch" at the playground. With my big nose & frizzy hair I was sooo insecure. Funny how we grow to love our odd features as we MATURE. Now my big nose feels like ME and my hair looks like Ms. Frizzle and I love it!! God is soo great!! ✝️🤍💃🏼
  9. @Durelle820: Do you think she’s wearing colored contact lenses? I could be wrong, but in her younger years, her eyes almost look bluish hazel and now they’re a dark brown.
  10. @tere3146: Excelente.     ❤❤❤❤
  11. @Indiana_Smith: I don't know...imagine being told you'd look so much better if you just had this work done, and that work done...like you're not okay just as you are.
  12. @1GoodmorningSurvivors: Ivanka looked a little bit like George Washington before the plastic surgery😂😂😂
  13. @lemons2135: The whole family are revolting, nothing they do will make them attractive. Its the Dorian grey effect
  14. @elizabethvillalobos186: I loved her original nose.  She was always beautiful.
  15. @akhil5020: No lip filler in all sessions ok
  16. @carolynh3935: I don't get why so many people opt for buccal fat removal. Buccal fat is a sign of youth, I think, and some people almost look like they have ozympic face following this procedure. Oh well...
  17. @errolmaloney2819: Here's the "more refined" thinner nose statement, often used by plastic surgeons.For some reason the thinner nose always looks noticeably pinched, especially on black faces.
  18. @jec_ecart: Why do all of these girls look same?
  19. @pamelastainton7272: I like the way Barbra Streisand kept her nose, you lose your character and all the women look the same after the surgery
  20. @조해윤-j1p: 역시...가족이라 그런가....배런트럼프 코와 턱도 그렇던데여~ㅋ

- Is plastic surgery safe in Colombia?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Are you thinking on having an aesthetic&nbsp; plastic surgery procedure? Why not in Colombia? I am Dr. Lina Adriana, and maybe you have listened&nbsp; about Colombia being a strong possibility for&nbsp;&nbsp; medical tourism, especially in aesthetic&nbsp; plastic surgery procedures. In this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to talk you through about how to have&nbsp; a safe procedure in Colombia. When we talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; patient safety, it's very important to have&nbsp; in consideration four patient safety pillars. The first pillar is who's going to perform&nbsp; the plastic surgery procedure. Of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; that is a plastic surgeon that has the&nbsp; knowledge, training and experience,&nbsp;&nbsp; that has a formal education, a degree in plastic&nbsp; surgery, validated by the Ministry of Education&nbsp;&nbsp; from Colombia. Also, this plastic surgeon must&nbsp; be signed in all of the regulatory entities,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning the Secretary of Health from its region,&nbsp; and of course has to be registered in the ReTHUS. ReTHUS is the registration system for doctors&nbsp; and specialists in medicine in my country. Tips&nbsp;&nbsp; that can help you see that that doctor has the&nbsp; knowledge, training, and experience and what&nbsp;&nbsp; he's saying he's going to do. Make sure that that&nbsp; doctor has publications in scientific magazines,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course, books, that he's willing to&nbsp; educate others, that he's well known&nbsp;&nbsp; in the media and between his peers, that&nbsp; he's invited to lecture in other countries. And of course, that his peers feel that&nbsp; he's a good representative for them,&nbsp;&nbsp; that he has been eligible, voted to be in many&nbsp; of the scientific societies. And that he/she&nbsp;&nbsp; is a spokesperson, not only for the media, but&nbsp; for the regulatory entity, for the ministries&nbsp;&nbsp; of health. Ministry and Secretaries of Health&nbsp; and all of the health system in his country. It is also a very good idea to look for&nbsp; successful cases that the doctor have&nbsp;&nbsp; done. Look for patient testimonials. That will&nbsp; really give you a sense of who this person is. Second pillar is where the surgery will&nbsp; be done. That the surgery center has the&nbsp;&nbsp; regional accreditation for the Secretary of&nbsp; Health. It's like a little star that should&nbsp;&nbsp; be seen and visible for the patients at&nbsp; all time in the surgery center. Also,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are other accreditations in&nbsp; Columbia called EconTech that are&nbsp;&nbsp; regarding quality and special&nbsp; accreditations only for health. And there's another one that is international&nbsp; accreditations. The surgery center where I&nbsp;&nbsp; perform my procedures is called Corpus y Rostrum,&nbsp; and of course we have the regional accreditation,&nbsp;&nbsp; we have the Icontec accreditation, we have the&nbsp; specialized health accreditation, national one,&nbsp;&nbsp; and of course the international&nbsp; accreditation with Quad A. And guess what? We think that,&nbsp; for example, maybe many times&nbsp;&nbsp; other countries rather than ours has less&nbsp; requirements. And when the surgery center&nbsp;&nbsp; did the international accreditation.&nbsp; We had all of the requirements that&nbsp;&nbsp; they were asking for. We didn't have to put&nbsp; anything else. We just filed the paperwork. All of the other requirements that they were&nbsp; asking were already there in our regulations.&nbsp;&nbsp; Third pillar will be the patient. That&nbsp; is, in good health for the procedure.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's important if you're traveling&nbsp; abroad, that for example, if you can,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have some blood checkups before you&nbsp; travel. And then you send that to us,&nbsp;&nbsp; so that way when you arrive here in&nbsp; Colombia, You are okay for the surgery. We don't want you to fly all the way here.&nbsp; We do the blood test and we tell you,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know what, you're not a good candidate for&nbsp; the procedure. So it's a good idea. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have a high hemoglobin. Make sure&nbsp; if you take, for example, our own pills,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're doing a liposuction or any&nbsp; procedure where you have more bleeding,&nbsp;&nbsp; and of course, do some blood tests that we will&nbsp; talk through with you in a virtual appointment. And it is important when you arrive in&nbsp; Colombia that we perform blood tests,&nbsp;&nbsp; a heart AQG exam and some checkups with the&nbsp; anesthesiologist and the internal medicine doctor&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sure that you have the optimal health&nbsp; to get into the operating room. Fourth pillar,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fourth pillar is the surgical plan and that&nbsp; is done after the doctor listens to the patient. That's why it is so important that you&nbsp; have a real connection. between you&nbsp;&nbsp; and your surgeon. And you and all the staff&nbsp; that will take good care of you during your&nbsp;&nbsp; stay in Colombia. It is important in that&nbsp; surgical plan that we decide, for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; how long the surgery will be. And depending on how&nbsp; long the surgery will be and what type of surgery,&nbsp;&nbsp; the hemoglobin will make a big difference. Also,&nbsp; if we can do a sort of combination of procedures&nbsp;&nbsp; on you, if it's safe, or if not, if we should&nbsp; do only one and how many days you have to stay&nbsp;&nbsp; after the procedure and how many days you have&nbsp; to arrive before the procedure. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you travel more or less three hours, we can&nbsp; have the procedure done between two to three&nbsp;&nbsp; days after your arrival, but if you travel&nbsp; more than three hours, you will have to wait&nbsp;&nbsp; more or less five days before we perform the&nbsp; procedure. So plan, plan very well before you&nbsp;&nbsp; book your procedure here. Also, book ahead&nbsp; because, for example, I'm a busy person,&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes patients travel and they come and&nbsp; they say, I want a procedure done this week. Guess what? Dr. Triana will not be&nbsp; able to do that procedure this week&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have not planned and booked&nbsp; ahead. It's very important also that&nbsp;&nbsp; you have your recovery time. Most of&nbsp; the procedures, it's the ideal time&nbsp;&nbsp; will be two weeks and some three weeks or&nbsp; more to stay after the procedure is done. This is very important so that we can guarantee&nbsp; a good development of the follow ups after the&nbsp;&nbsp; procedure. I will see you before the&nbsp; procedure. Of course, I will perform&nbsp;&nbsp; the procedure and I will be there with you&nbsp; during the follow ups. If you travel back,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can keep on in contact. through WhatsApp, and&nbsp; of course, always with a virtual appointment. Performing a procedure in Colombia is not only&nbsp; safe. For example, when I was the president of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Colombian Association of Medical Societies,&nbsp; more than 40, 000 specialists, I could see that,&nbsp;&nbsp; for example, a heart surgery can be 80 percent&nbsp; cheaper in our country than in the U. S. And&nbsp;&nbsp; if we think about static plastic surgery&nbsp; procedures, this is also many times the case. Plus, you will also enjoy&nbsp; of my beautiful city, Cali,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a perfect climate. Full of trees.&nbsp; One of the best in the world for watching&nbsp;&nbsp; birds. You'll have plenty of options for a&nbsp; gastronomical experiences. And of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can go to the malls and enjoy. Enjoy being&nbsp; in Colombia and are always hospitality heart. Definitely, Colombia is safe for having&nbsp; your plastic surgery procedure. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you want more information, go ahead and&nbsp; check us at www.drlinatriana.com. There,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can book your virtual appointment&nbsp; with me. And of course, go ahead and look&nbsp;&nbsp; more information in your social media&nbsp; and subscribe to my YouTube channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @animeloverjunostar [1 likes]: I'm so ready to get my lipo in Colombia ❤ 🇨🇴
  2. @Santana13b [1 likes]: I love the transparency in the surgeons explanation. I believe this is the first time I’ve heard about the specification in flight time and surgical procedure. 
Excelente!
  3. @itamartinez5209 [1 likes]: Wonderful information thank you Dr I just done my in Cucuta Colombia I wish kwow this information before my trip can be short
  4. @patriperez8464 [1 likes]: Doctora que cambio a tenido usted . Me encanta a rejuvenecido bastante . Está hermosa.
  5. @mpalmer7800: I’m definitely looking forward to get tt in Columbia

- Top 20 Celebrities Who Regret Their Plastic Surgery: Kind: captions Language: en what things have you actually done I'm not sure if I can remember everything welcome to miss Mojo and today we're counting down our picks for the most notable celebrities who have openly admitted to regretting their decision to undergo plastic surgeries and or other cosmetic procedures you look different well you know you see a movie Once no I saw it a few times 10 years ago no I saw it again just last month oh on television I saw a huge Revival I sat right next to the screen J number 20 Joan Rivers Joan River's affinity for plastic surgery was no secret the legendary comedian openly discussed and poked fun at her fondness for cosmetic procedures which she first had during her college Years I'm never without a bandage the chap the chapter with asteris h means you had it done so uh there's asteris asteris asteris asteris asteris asteris throughout her life at Rivers underwent multiple surgeries including alterations to her lips nose eyes arms and breasts most of which she remained comfortable with however she did apparently express some dissatisfaction with the results of her lipos suction saying that she faed to verify the doctor's skills beforehand and the result wasn't smooth additionally despite receiving numerous Botox injections Rivers ultimately decided to discontinue them quipping that Betty White's bowels move more than my face where's the famous ovsky neck Freckle you had it removed oh please after five my faceless it's on my forehead number 19 Black China having gained popularity as a reality TV star and rapper Black China was renowned for her striking features some of which were surgically enhanced however feeling disconnected from her authentic self she turned to religion and later expressed regret over her numerous cosmetic procedures I told myself I'm going to focus on three things so I put in my mindset work out sobriety and the Bible that's it so with those three things combined that's where I think everything starts to Trinkle down by early 2023 she announced her decision to reverse some of these enhancements including dissolving her dermal fillers as well as removing butt injections and breast implants she also advised fans Not to emulate her citing her own crazy facial appearance as a cautionary tale later that year Black China shared multiple pictures to her Instagram showing a dramatic transformation from her previous look so will you ever do any more surgery any more fillers you're done I'm done with a Y you're done I'm done I'm okay number 18 Katy Price many individuals opt for plastic surgery to enhance their physical appearance and boost their self-confidence however even after several procedures Katy Price has admitted to still not feeling beautiful enough the British model and TV personality got her first operation at 18 a decision she now deeply regrets believing that individuals under 21 should refrain from such procedures to be honest there was a lot of people around me who were like yes people but my mom was always the one what are you doing to yourself and I admit I look back at them and it's shocking absolute sh ugly it's not even attractive in 2021 price accepted a free breast enlargement surgery in Turkey only to regret it profoundly deeming it the worst thing she's ever done the botched procedure left her with no choice but to seek additional surgery to correct it despite her harrowing experience price seems unwilling to get off the plastic surgery train anytime soon 10 days ago I had lios suction from here all the way up here all the up my your KN up to your waist and then I had my own fat put in my bum you could call it a Brazilian bum lift but I haven't had implants and I haven't gone that big number 17 Gwyneth paltro Hollywood actress and controversial lifestyle entrepreneur gwynth paltro attributes her youthful appearance to a balanced diet rigorous exercise routine oh and the occasional assistance from her doctor indeed paltro has been fairly open about undergoing multiple cos IC procedures such as chemical injections and laser treatments sometimes people will say oh that's controversial and then 6 months later 2 years later everybody's kind of widely adopted what we talked about a long time ago so I think it's kind of fun however among all of these patro most regrets her decision to get BOTOX according to the actress she was left feeling displeased with the results even likening her appearance to that of Joan Rivers that's not to say palro won't be getting any plastic surgery in the future just that for her Botox seems to be firmly off the table for a little bit of extra help you know I've been I'm the global Ambassador for Ms Aesthetics they have a little you know anti- wrinkle injection that for right between the eyes so that helps as well number 16 Jessica Simpson in her 2020 Memoir open book singer and fashion entrepreneur Jessica Simpson shared her experience with a cosmetic procedure that nearly cost her her life what part of your Journey was you got in the music industry as a teenager and there was a pressure to have a perfect body and you've been body shamed for what feels like your entire career so cruel following the birth of her son in 2013 Simpson decided to undergo a tummy tuck to eliminate the excess skin which had left her feeling insecure despite her doctor's warnings about potential liver issues Simpson proceeded with the operation predictably she later regretted this decision Simpson suffered severe complications as a result of the surgery and spent 9 days in the hospital fighting for her life luckily she made a full recovery but we guess she'll likely think twice before considering another Tummy Tub I mean even though I had to work really hard to get the weight off like I did it and I committed and I think if you're disciplined it can come up number 15 Victoria Beckham Victoria Beckham reportedly got her first breast implant in the late 1990s just as she Rose to Global Fame as a member of the Spice Girls she went on to have a few additional operations before finally deciding to remove her implants in [Music] 2014 this decision was driven by a growing sense of regret and a desire to encourage her young daughter to embrace her natural features since then she has been outspoken about her feelings regarding plastic surgery even pening a letter to her younger self in British Vogue advising against altering her appearance if only she could turn back the hand of time out of the way girls what are you doing fasten your seat belts number 14 Mickey Ro early in his career Mickey Rock was renowned for his dashing good looks however in the 1990s his appearance began to change after he took a break from acting to pursue boxing professionally although he achieved notable success in this new Endeavor it came at a price he took a few punches to the face that's for sure like he was like a great looking tough guy and then he just got really weird and creepy Rog endured severe facial injuries which required extensive reconstructive surgery to rectify unfortunately these procedures left him nearly unrecognizable and significantly affected his acting career reflecting on his dramatic change in appearance Rock admitted that he went to the wrong guy to put his face back together fortunately he later staged a Hollywood comeback portraying a character whose Journey ironically mirrored his own he's finished he's a loser he's all through you know what the only ones you're going to tell me when I'm through doing my thing is you people here number 13 Pamela Anderson Pamela Anderson became an international sensation in the early 1990s through her role on the hit series Baywatch Anderson's Barbie doll figure apparently sparked a surge in the Cosmetic Surgery industry with patients even using her as a model for their ideal look oh please what are you talking about CJ you have modeled before okay well if they don't want to blond but they'll probably see you and pick you anyway Anderson herself got breast implants early in her career but grew disillusioned with them as she began having children and Desir to return to her natural figure consequently she had the implants removed however for some reason Anderson reversed course and got another breast augmentation surgery years later more recently though she has expressed contentment with her appearance stating that she now looks forward to seeing herself age you got to just accept it's going to happen no matter what we're going to get old so I want to embrace it I feel like it's kind of an experiment it's kind of funny number 12 Linda Evangelista the name Linda Evangelista commands profound respect in the fashion industry throughout the late 1980s and '90s Evangelista walked runways around the world becoming one of the five original supermodels her career enjoyed well into the 21st century until she suddenly withdrew from the public eye in the late 2010s this was because Evangelista had undergone a fat freezing procedure aiming to reduce her body fat it was going to Contour areas of the body that as I age you know I have some fat deposits and I UND understood cool sculpting would take care of that however this led to a rare side effect that instead caused her to gain weight and become unrecognizable the aftermath that plunged Evangelista into severe depression prompting her to live as a recluse she later filed a lawsuit against the founders of the procedure resulting in an outof Court settlement had having gone through this which is affecting her livelihood or beauty it can have profound effects on the psychosocial aspects of her life and that's kind of what she's relaying number 11 share referred to by some as the poster girl of plastic surgery Sher has never been one to shy away from her cosmetic enhancements the iconic singer has openly admitted to getting multiple procedures done including face lifts nose jobs and breast augmentation I could accept getting older but I I don't plan to disintegrate we all we all will in the end though well I mean and you know when I'm in the Box who cares though generally satisfied with these changes Sher acknowledges that not all of the procedures have yielded the desired results notably she has expressed a deep disappointment with her breast augmentation which she described as a nightmare and botched in every way while she realizes her public public status Sher maintains that what she chooses to do with her body remains nobody's business but her own and if people don't like me because of that well then that's I mean this is America number 10 Khloe Kardashian socialite model and TV personality Khloe Kardashian best known for her time on the reality TV series Keeping Up with the Kardashians has never shied away from discussions related to her image and while she admits to having some work done it appears she wasn't entirely satisfied with the result once remarking that her facial fillers looked crazy my face was so to go and get this whole thing that's a bum like dissolved it was a bump so now I'm like afraid to do it again in 2017 the youngest Kardashian sister began helping others overcome their body image issues as the host of the reality series Revenge body with Khloe Kardashian which ran for three seasons number nine read youing it's found its place cuz baby baby I just want to do you do you reeding made us laugh as Haley's on again off again boyfriend Dylan on Modern Family for years but we bet you didn't know that he's had to cope with body dysmorphia for much of his life in fact the Affliction drove him to undergo multiple surgeries including cheek implants and a chin implant before the age of 21 I think at one point I took a photo and I remember looking at that photo and that was the moment where I said I had to get you know cosmetic surgery because like no one was allowed to be that ugly he spoke candidly about his experiences in a piece for huff post going into detail about his procedures and the mental and physical toll they took on him regret barely scratches the surface as Ying once confessed I wish I could go back and undo all the surgeries I wish I could just you know um talk to my younger self and tell him just don't go through with it you really don't need it you look fine it's just not necessary you know it's not it's not going to make your life happier or better number eight Tory spelling spelling Rose to fame playing Donna Martin on the '90s teen drama series Beverly Hills 90210 and while that would ultimately prove to be her most enduring character she has appeared in dozens of films and TV shows throughout the years it was during her time on 90210 that she got breast implants unfortunately this would be something that she would come to regret as she later remarked if I had known it would or could possibly impact production of breast milk I would never have had them done spelling who is a mother of five was clearly speaking from experience they always say it takes a village but I literally have a village so I I put them to good use number seven Priscilla Presley in 2003 Priscilla Presley the ex-wife of the legendary singer Elis received cosmetic injections from a man she thought was a plastic surgeon this individual attracted a a roster of high-profile clientele by claiming that his treatments were better than Botox however it later emerged that he was a fraud who wasn't even a registered doctor and had been injecting his clients with industrial lowgrade silicone a substance similar to car lubricant a lot of those things again are warning signs be careful you don't necessarily want to have a doctor come to your house if you don't know who they are don't know their education don't know what they're injecting your face all of these things are warning sides being red flagged said maybe you shouldn't be doing this as a result of the botched procedure Presley was left with deformities in her face that required corrective surgery The Imposter doctor was later sentenced to prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy smuggling and use of unapproved drugs that a lot of these patients came back with you know lumps and hard rocks in their face holes in their face and then worst of all it's very hard to get the silicone out of the face once it's injected number six Nicole Kidman Academy Award winning actress Nicole Kidman has been a Hollywood Mainstay for a better part of the past few decades however she too has dabbled with cosmetic procedures candidly admitting in 2013 I did try Botox unfortunately but I got out of it and now I can finally move my face again based on that quote it's painstakingly clear that Kidman's experiences were less than positive when asked how she managed to maintain a youthful appearance over the years the actress attributed it to wearing sunscreen not smoking and generally taking care of herself you just have to wait and see won't you number five terara Reed perhaps the most infamous case of celebrity plastic surgery gone wrong terara Reed's experiences under the knife have been well documented the actress has admitted to undergoing numerous operations many of them corrective due to complications with her 2004 breast implant surgery Reed was forced to undergo a number of other procedures which ultimately resulted in more problems does it ever get to you when when people say things or are negative about you or or your body or anything when people are critical yeah of course it does I'm human like if you cut me I bleed I'm just like everyone else she later admitted that the whole thing was a big mistake and that she lost a lot of work because of it it's stories like this that make a person think twice before getting any work done I mean the body shaming that's going on right now is just to a degree that it's so bad number four Courtney Cox I just saw his daughter last week said he was fine her on the other hand watch Botox the former friend star has had some work done plain and simple and over the years it didn't yield the most graceful results this isn't something that has gone unnoticed by Cox who has expressed regret over her numerous fillers and injections quite frequently in recent years all it takes is one look at her from back in her friend's days to notice that her face has changed dramatically after coming to the conclusion that things just did not look right Cox opted to have all the fillers dissolved while she remains open to less invasive procedures Cox says she is now learning to be more comfortable with her natural appearance I have done things that I you know regret and luckily they're things that dissolve and go away so um that's good because it's not always been my best luck number three Kathy Griffin I've been very open about what I call my dental work you know I'm not going to lie to you about that I've got Staples in my head right now the of much controversy in recent years Kathy Griffin has experienced the trials and tribulations of plastic surgery firsthand the comedian and actress who has often used plastic surgery as a talking point in her standup routines has had numerous procedures done over the years including a nose job and liposuction the latter went horribly wrong with Griffin claiming that it was life-threatening she later published pictures of the botched procedure to teach other women about the pitfalls of plastic surgery and what can happen when it's done incorrectly cuz they're up to here she's got them up to the chin you could put a beer can collection on there maybe store sweaters or your Nancy Drew or Hardy Boy books I don't know number two Heidi Montag it was night and day after longtime reality TV star Heidi Montag decided to get some work done in 2009 and by some we mean she got 10 procedures done in the same day but you have to realize what I've been through and you have to realize that I've been through so much pain and coming here the laundry list of surgeries included a breast enhancement her second rhina plasty also her second brow lifts and a chin reduction just to name a few I had um my back scooped and I had a mini eyebrow lift and I had lifp injections and then I had my chin saw down and then I had lifeo section and then I had implants and then I've had two nose jobs and breast reduction recently and and arm surgery last year to add to it she eventually admitted that the whole thing was a big mistake and in a maab statement revealed people have fewer scars from car accidents than I have on my body yikes is that vanity worth harming potentially harming yourself and for me the answer is no before we continue be sure to subscribe to our Channel and ring the bell to get notified about our latest videos you have the option to be notified for occasional videos or all of them if on your phone make sure you go into your settings and switch on notifications number one Jennifer Gray nobody puts baby in a corner back in the 1980s Jennifer Gray was one of Hollywood's hottest actresses with roles in hit films like Ferris bu's day off and of course Dirty Dancing gray appeared poised for a lengthy career in the entertainment business but seemingly out of nowhere she began to fade away so what happened well in 1990 she had two rhinoplasty procedures that left her with a face that was unrecognizable to not just fans but to even her own friends you're like my oldest friend in the world except for maybe Lori schaer who I don't talk to anymore cuz she's all bit now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face to say she regrets the procedures is an understatement as she once remarked I went into the operating room a celebrity and came out Anonymous plastic surgery's gone wrong don't get much worse than this what other celebrities do you think shouldn't have altered their looks let us know in the comments below if I want to put my on my back it's nobody's business but my own do you agree with our piics check out this other recent clip from M Mojo and be sure to subscribe and ring the bell to be notified about our latest videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @-VForValhalla- [1 likes]: Anyone who gets breast reduction surgery, needs to be put down.
  2. @Blue-l1n7l [1 likes]: Katie Price was naturally lovely.
  3. @karma56ism [1 likes]: I wish these women would realize they look older when they have plastic surgery, not younger! Especially Priscilla Presley!😮😮
  4. @CelebrityVaultTV05 [1 likes]: Looking back at then makes me grateful for how things are now.
  5. @Corrans: I regret my facelift deeply. I never ever thought I would regret it but I do.😢
  6. @nancyhsu5565: Unfortunately, the naturally beautiful Katie Price is still getting plastic surgery.  She now looks tough and masculine and it's irreversible.
  7. @AG-M23: Many got fame and fortune in return of these procedures. For some of these "celebrities" it was a good investment in their careers.
  8. @patriciavandevelde5469: Plastic surgeons delete all bad reviews! They lie non stop! Fon t trust them!
  9. @AbolishCelebrity: Celeberties normalize cosmetic surgery. Celeberties think of working class as "broke loser' for not being able to afford cosmetic surgery even thou working class know how to be frugal with harsh material circumstances up against them.
  10. @tarakennedy707: Pamela Anderson didn't regret her breast implants. She made a whole career out of them. She had them removed in 1999 because she felt some type of way after her divorce. Then she got BIGGER ones the following year because she liked them.
My body is banging after my augmentation and tummy tuck. Best money ever spent.
  11. @angiecoers6255: Joan is another one who wants to erase her heredity, like Meghan Markle.  She wants to be Caucasian and less Jewish feature.  Meghan wants to be Caucasian, less black.
  12. @Blue-l1n7l: A fat lot of good the bible will do for a messed up face.
  13. @farinshore8900: Are you kidding? Kidman is as bad as Cher!
  14. @jmax3245: Joan Van Corpse ARK!
  15. @jmax3245: TORI SPELLING what a JOKE!
  16. @trorisk: It should be illegal to invite un media outlets  or to feature in television or TV shows actors and actresses who have undergone any cosmetic surgery or taken steroids. Inviting them or featuring them is to encourage this satanic practice.
  17. @BeautyThenNow: Sometimes “fixing” perfection only makes it worse 😬
Who do you think regrets it the most? 👇
  18. @AshleySpeaks4U: Nicole got her whole face done after her divorce.
  19. @ThenandNow2026-t7m: You explain things so smoothly, I could listen for hours.
  20. @hollywoodbuzzus: There are some surgeries that do make people look different but not in the best way. Does anyone know of any that are actually successful and natural looking?

- EXTREME Asian Plastic Surgery TikToks! WHY???: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Oh, look at this little grandma. She kind of reminds me of my grandma. And this is her before. What did they do to grandma? There is a plastic surgeon who has gone viral on Tik Tok because of his extreme plastic surgery videos. His name is Dr. Kim, although I have doubts that that's his real name. Let's look at some of these videos and react to them cuz they will blow your mind. beautiful young woman. I think she's like in her 30s, looks like. Oh my gosh. So, let's just show her before and her after photos. Now, this is not far after surgery. And you can see before surgery, she's a beautiful young woman. Does not need any plastic surgery. Now, I think she's probably already had some. It looks like her eyelids have already been done. Now, in her after photo, you can see I mean, what's going on with her earlobes? First of all, they're sticking like way, way out. This is just unnecessary plastic surgery. He kind of looks a little like my dad. He doesn't look like my dad anymore. We're kind of almost used to seeing Asian women undergo a lot of plastic surgery, and it's not as shocking, I think, because it is so so widespread. There was a report coming out of South Korea that at least one out of every four women under the age of 40 has had plastic surgery. But this is a guy and you can see afterwards he doesn't look like himself. He doesn't really even look like his son. He looks like somebody who would be like his grandson. So he appears to have had a open brow lift which is a brow lift where you have an incision on the front of your hairline. He appears to have had a face lift where everything is pulled up and back. He's had his upper and lower eyelids done as well. Now, the open brow lift is a surgery that is really not that commonly done. And one of the main reasons why is because you have this big scar right at the front of your hairline. Now, if your hairline stays stable for the rest of your life, then that scar can be kind of hidden, but not really because it never really looks all that good in my opinion. But in a guy like this who has a tendency for their hairline to recede, that scar at some point, maybe in the next 10 years, may be completely visible out in the open. And the only way for him to hide that would be hair transplants. And honestly, I don't know what they're doing with his eyes because they don't look natural whatsoever to me. It's a white guy, Caucasian guy. What did they do to this dude? So, unless he's some type of an expat, he literally traveled from the United States to China, I think is where this Dr. Kim is at and had all of these procedures done. And you can see like the last gentleman, he doesn't look anything like he started with. It looks like he's had the exact same procedures as the last guy. And once again, he's got that scar right in front of his hairline that is not going to look good in the next few years as his hairline likely will continue to recede. On top of that, his face is so pulled tight that this is definitely not an ideal result even at just 7 days afterwards. Now, I did some research on this Dr. Kim. And interestingly enough, there's a Dr. Sam online and some hospitals that use the exact same photos. So, is this Dr. Kim, Dr. Sam, or who knows who's doing these operations and how these photos are getting put on multiple different doctor's accounts. Okay, now this is a beautiful woman in her 30s, maybe early 40s at the most. And now she looks 12. H there is this tendency in East Asia to overdo plastic surgery and you know I'm Korean so my parents immigrated from South Korea and honestly the Koreans are some of the worst offenders at overoperating on people and as you can see they're trying to go really for the same appearance in every single female patient. They're all meant to have this kind of V-line shape, higher cheekbones, overly tight skin, exceedingly white skin, a narrow nose with more projection, and fuller lips. And this is what I call the Caucasianization of Asians. Now, Asian plastic surgeons will tell you that these operations are meant to bring out the inner beauty in people, but in my opinion, they're honestly meant to make them look more Caucasian. So, the big question now is how do these patients look a couple of months after surgery? Because you're seeing the 7-day posttops, and they obviously look pretty scary, but things do settle down. Let's take a look at one of this Dr. Kim's patients a little bit farther out. Beautiful young woman. My guess is she's in her 40s. She's 2 days out now. 15 days out, she's looking pretty good. and 30 days she looks fantastic and she looks happy with her results which really is the most important thing. Now I wouldn't judge any of these patients for any of the cosmetic procedures that they decide to get done for themselves but where I do judge is the actual plastic surgeon who's overoperating on so many of these patients. I do not believe that it is safe for a 78-year-old woman to undergo 8 to 10 hours of facial cosmetic surgery. And so this really is the exact opposite of what I consider holistic plastic surgery. And on top of that, what is wrong with a woman or a man looking Asian, not necessarily having that extra crease of the eyelid or that extra thin nose or that V-line shape? Are Asians being westernized by plastic surgery? How far is too far? I've got my thoughts on this video right up here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DoctorYoun [123 likes]: Enjoy this video? WATCH THESE NEXT:
Westernization of Asians via Plastic Surgery: https://youtu.be/rBbmgE28m2M
Extreme Plastic Surgery TikTok Videos: https://youtu.be/gGVKgTHloXw
  2. @eesiankoh4681 [1 likes]: It's either they keep their natural expression or have an uncomfortable tight face. Who's going to care about their face at such an advanced age?
  3. @taexa6219 [1 likes]: Im happy to live in country where people are still Normal 😂
  4. @MUANAGCerante [1 likes]: I think we need 5 months later just because it was not heal yet
  5. @TomiokaGiyu-hg3pr [1 likes]: They don't really looks nice after surgery
  6. @M43782: As causasian man I find often very attractive Asian women with wide nose.
  7. @kindnessasgreatasthesea1158: These must be filters
  8. @dragon733-r5j: 2:34 Saw this one on tiktok😢
  9. @dragon733-r5j: hello
  10. @TurquoiseTalks: the exact features doctor youn mentions are the exact features that makes asians cute. and i get the whole light skin from not being under the sun but these shades they're whiter than white people now even going into blue/ gray shades.
  11. @ArtSavant-bw6ut: Sorry, but Dr. Kim should be operating on ALL Hollywood STARS. Because Hollywood stars look awful after their surgeries
  12. @Stefan-u7u1v: When ur 60 or 70 Ur primary goal should be stay healthy.. everything else is complete bs
  13. @자두코코넛: 전부 중국식 성형입니다
  14. @johanncalvillo3398: Please do not change your eyes shape ,Adian looks beutiful as they are God is amazing
  15. @johanncalvillo3398: Mexican ladys got face surgery in Korea and now they look like Korean Lady 😂😂
  16. @johanncalvillo3398: I have seen many ladya here in Columbus Ohio after a surgical face lifting and thay looks the same a little lift but nothing diferent I think surgeon still their money ,and they offer $699.99 m9nthly paymebts 😂😂😂 money waste , for sure if their want to pay ,for sure deserve somthinh visible diferent and a younger look
  17. @avid5126: They look like Ai generated faces
  18. @missgsm7628: Every patient you shown, all their eyes look alike and dark. very scary to me.
  19. @CrowberryBlack: I think Asians are the most beautiful race.
  20. @Coral-h4c1: turned these people into demons

that 1 woman turned out actually good

- Why This Is the Best Plastic Surgery Hospital in South Korea (Full Tour): Kind: captions Language: en South Korea the world's capital of cosmetic surgery with worldclass hospitals and highly skilled surgeons it's the goto destination for stunning transformations in this video we'll take you inside for an walkthrough of one of the top hospitals in the industry [Music] this is our anthologist and we have doctor and is Dr I am he this is the city scan room and this is the B room and after s we're going to do the treatment here this is our treatment we have three room pral treatment like botox and lifting treatment pan is going to recovery here this is our oxygen therapy we have the oxygen therapy also for this after the surgery it how like recovery it's a full of oxygen and when you go inside your like the BL B and the blood energy will come out MTC is with you every step of the way for your medical or dental trip contact MTC today

  Top Comments:
  1. @MedicalTourismCo [1 likes]: 💭Which cosmetic procedure are you looking for? Drop it in the comments & we'll give you an estimate!
  2. @ellentran396: Gia đình 5 chị em ruột của tôi muốn đi làm đẹp tại South Korean.
  3. @sandrali369: Tummy tuck😊
  4. @faisalanjum95: Scar revision surgery on face
  5. @yetundeifelowothomas1897: Tummy tuck and liposuction
  6. @AmaraGujjar: How much cost does??..

- Day in the Life - Facial Plastic Surgeon [Ep. 23]: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you all right my name is Dr Richard balikian I'm a double board certified facial plastic surgeon and this is a day in my life today is Friday it's the end of the week we're going to show up to the office and see our post-op patients from yesterday right off the bat make sure they're doing great before we start any other surgeries and then we have a great case this morning we'll head back to our Surgery Center and get that facelift done in the afternoon I have consults to see some new patients I've never met before excited to see how we can help them and then I have some long-term follow-ups as well one weeks one months and even one-year patience check in make sure everyone's doing well take a look at their photos make sure everything's up to speed we'll finish the week strong we're looking forward to it [Applause] it's important for me to have a healthy start to the morning to be at my best I like to practice what I preach you know I tell our patients if you want a good recovery you have to be healthy if I wanted to have a good successful day of surgery I need to be healthy and focused in the morning to me that's working out in the morning getting to work having some solo time in my office with my water make sure I'm hydrated and reviewing the patients I have for the day that includes today our surgery patient and I really am going to dive deep into their chart one last time make sure I'm on the same page with a patient when I see them in pre-op and be set up for Success when we're operating foreign so our first post-op patient of the day is one week out from her rhinoplasty this is an exciting day for rhinoplasty because this is the day the splint comes off so she's really excited she had a big hump and a droopy tip and we kind of lifted that all up made it look really pretty and fit her face naturally so I love this day too because I get to take the splint off and show off our good work and the patient loves it I love it and this is why I love my job because it really is artistry I get to enjoy the project well done and seeing the results even at one week the patient looks great with a splint removed the nose looks wonderful she's thrilled I'm thrilled we're going to see her back in three weeks and make sure the swan continues to go down over the entire year now I'm going to transition from seeing my post-op patients to really getting our mind focused on surgery patients so we're going to head over to the surgery center and see my patient for the day foreign plastic surgery practice is 100 cosmetic I specialize in the extended deep plane face and neck lift approach it's a very Advanced technique that's technically very difficult but leads to most natural beautiful results we're very proud to be able to offer that I also do a lot of rhinoplasty primary rhinoplasty for first-time patients as well as revision rhinoplasty I also do a lot of blepharoplasties to make people look better so our patient today is a patient in her 60s that has some jowls a heavy neck some tired looking eyes and some volume loss so we're doing a lower face and neck lift via the Deep plane approach we're doing a lower eyelid blepharoplasty and we're going to finish off with some fat transfer so we're going to rejuvenate with a facelift we're going to take away the tired looking eyes with the blepharoplasty and then we're going to finish it off with the fat transfer that allows me to take away all the Shadows make things look their best and that really allows me as a sculptor to paint the final picture that I know when I paint that's why I love what I do it's really Art and Science all combined in one uh we're done with our first case of the day that lower face and neck lift but the Deep plane approach patient's gonna love it I think it looks really good we're really proud of the work we did today you know the reason I chose facial plastic surgery was because you can continue to push yourself to Advanced Techniques like the ones we're using today I saw a lecture by Dr Gene tardy at age 70 talking about what he was doing differently with his rhinoplasty technique at age 70. you know and I thought that was really amazing eye-opening to me that this field is one where you can continue to push yourself and that run true with me I have a growth mindset I really want to push myself come up with different techniques and this field allows you to do that you never get stagnant you're always thinking and I learned from so many mentors and going to CME classes and talking with my colleagues we all have such great insights that we can really push ourselves to get the best results possible and it's a constant journey to get better and better and better and that's what I like in my profession in facial plastic surgery the first consult is everything it gives me a chance to evaluate the patients goals and motivations and make sure I'm going to deliver what they're hoping for it gives me a chance to do a full physical exam that's artistic by touch and feel and really come up with my ideas artistically of what we're going to do when I do that I look at three different ways we age we age with gravity changes they need to be lifted like facelifts and brow lifts we also age with volume loss where we shrink from a grape to a raisin and we need to fill fat into those areas and we also age with texture changes to the skin where we have to do some type of resurfacing lasers or chemical peels so for this patient we do have Aging in all three different ways we have gravity changes in the jowls the neck the cheeks this brows down a little bit she also has a little elongated lip we also have volume loss in the nasolabial folds the marionettes and underneath her eyes and we have texture changes to her cheeks here and underneath her chin so we're going to evaluate that and come up with a plan that works specifically for her not just saying hey this is all the things you need but listen to our motivations and come up with a bespoke plan for her once I'm done with the consult it's time to talk to my manager and scheduler Aaron who's going to talk to the patient and get them scheduled our next patient is a one-year follow-up from rhinoplasty I've also done eyelid surgery on her in the past before I go in and see my rhinoplasty patients I look at the notes that I took on the day of surgery and in rhinoplasty there's so many variations you have to take important notes the same day visually of what you did so I'm going to look at everything I did for her in terms of taking down her bump and sending her nose back and that really is going to help me evaluate when I see her how her results are doing compared to what I did during surgery at the end of Clinic we've seen all our post-operative patients we've taken photos of the long-term follow-ups and it gives me a chance to come back to my office and see the photos that we've taken and evaluate you know how they've done so the patient I'm looking at now is somebody who we did a year ago we did a lower face of neck lift we did a lower eyelid lift we did some fat transfer to her and I'm really looking at have we improved those jowls we lifted the cheeks up as the tiredness of the lower eyelids improved and it gives me a chance to really kind of look back as well and evaluate if there's anything else I wish I had done differently we've had a busy day here in the office it's been mostly clinical today we've been doing surgeries and post-op patients oftentimes my free time during the day is also spent on the business side as well I'm a solo practitioner running a practice that takes a lot of effort as well so oftentimes my lunches or spaces in between are filled with other meetings whether it's from the med spa or Market editing or HR we're really staying busy to make sure the practice is doing well had a great successful day it's time to get out of here I'm lucky that I get out at 4 30 most days time to get home and enjoy the weekend when I'm done with my day at work I'm really excited to get home and see my kids and spend time with my amazing wife today my wife told me that she's going to take the kids to the park so they'll be back later so I'm gonna take that opportunity to hit the golf driving range and work on my game despite my work my score hasn't really improved but it's still a lot of fun for me and a great way to kind of decompress in a different way love getting the chance to do that people ask all the time you know how does lifestyle make a difference in the choice you make and what field you're going to go into and it's a really important choice to make you have to consider how are you going to be able to do the things you want in your life to me the most important thing is having time to be a good dad to be a good husband spend time with family and friends so I'm fortunate to have chosen a field that affords me Bankers hours and allows me to be my own boss and determine my schedule so you really have to take that into consideration you know what are the hours what is the call like how much time am I spending in front of an EHR doing uh paperwork and can I you know Be My Own Boss can I determine my hours and those are all important decisions to make as you get further in your career to make sure you're not getting burnt out balance and to me they're not two separate things it's really a Continuum you have to have a great home life to feed into a good practice and vice versa to me the Bedrock of that is family life I want to be the best dad that's what I want my legacy to be and I'm lucky I have an amazing wife that challenges me to attain that goal so I'm happy at home so I can be happy at the practice but even with that there are things that come up and work at home that we need to be able to compartmentalize and not take to the other area and it takes a lot of work it's really hard to be present I'm still working on it to this day and I probably will be to you know the end of my life so I've tried to start meditation and use that as a tool and we'll see how it goes but it's just it's a challenge everyone has their own path to becoming a doctor and each one of those Journeys has their own obstacles for example for me I really did great in AP Bio in high school and thought I'd do the same easily in college but I didn't get the scores I wanted in the first semester and I really had to decide is this something I really want to push through and do to become a doctor and uh you know I was volunteering in the ER and I loved it and that really gave me the motivation to push through and stay motivated the other situation where there was an obstacle was just residency you're so tired and worn down and I wish I'd worked out a little bit more because I think it would have been easier to get through the obstacles the ups and downs of residency facial plastic surgery is a unique field and a unique choice because it allows you the opportunity to be a business owner and doctor at the same time as a solo practitioner I'm the only doctor in the practice we have 20 employees and there are three businesses Under One Roof there's the plastic surgery side there's the med spa and we just recently built a surgery center from scratch and that has challenges running those businesses but it's really fulfilling because not only do I get to put on my doctor hat but I get to put on my business hat as well and that you know it allows me to live two lives professionally in one which is an opportunity that's when you're in a hospital you may not get advice I'd give people looking to become a doctor is don't let others tell you you can't or shouldn't do it if you have a drive to become a physician prove it put in the work prove everybody else wrong also be self-reflective you know if you're doing your journey and you find out medicine's not for me it doesn't resonate don't think about what being a doctor means really have the courage to say it doesn't work for me another piece of advice is Turn the Page Anew every day you know have a short-term memory you know you can have a bad day in medical school in residency but you got to be able to turn it off when you wake up the next day it's a new chance and you got to work best in that moment in that day you know you have to have a short-term memory and think small do the best you can for the next five minutes and as those minutes stack you're going to be in a place that you want to be last piece of advice if you're a pre-med or med student looking to take the journey to become a doctor and looking for some help along the way visit med school insiders.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @assad9686 [19 likes]: this guy is living the life man, congrats to him.
  2. @sepfar3209 [12 likes]: I’m kinda sad about the way think about medicine. Almost everyone  I know, they say they want to study medicine because they want help people, but majority of them just consider medicine as business.
  3. @princess10107 [7 likes]: My favorite part was your advice "have a short term memory." Thank you so much.
  4. @jableshoward6572 [7 likes]: It’s such a shame that these videos are forced to beat around the bush re actual patient interactions/ procedures. I understand HIPPA rights, but you’re not actually getting to see what these physicians are doing at its core.
  5. @JourneytoMedicineandBeyond [6 likes]: Day in the life as Neurosurgeon would be awesome!!
  6. @thinline8504 [4 likes]: He said double board... People when you do your research on a plastic surgeon. Make sure he or she is double board. lol. My last nose job came out PERFECT!...
  7. @JiTiAr35 [3 likes]: A bit disappointed that Richard didn't tease Kevin for quitting plastic.
😁
  8. @MlSTERSANDMAN [3 likes]: I think you should also show comparisons in motion. Too often, plastic surgery results look great in static, but when they go to smile it looks unnatrual.
  9. @ravivyas8918 [2 likes]: we need more of these Kevin ahaha. I've watched all the day in the life videos, will wait for more!!
  10. @victorstrh [2 likes]: A day in the life of OMFS next? 🤩
  11. @sudippandit6550 [2 likes]: Wow, that's amazing 👏.  Making people beautiful  really makes them build inner confidence and that mean so much.
  12. @bawaalchannel1400 [1 likes]: Hello Sir, Thank you so much for motivating younger generation like us by sharing this amazing video. I’m currently in my final year of med school and was drained emotionally and physically and lacking the motivation required. But with your video it gave me the perfect picture of how I pictured myself before getting into medicine. Thank you so much again and keep motivating us. Wish me luck. 😇
  13. @atingaling2 [1 likes]: I am so happy you've put 3 plastic surgeons on the page... really enjoy their content. Thank you.
  14. @kinghassan3122 [1 likes]: Wow your work is amazing I love plastic surgery
  15. @DrA902 [1 likes]: My dream life 😢
  16. @Rainbowofthefallen: Just commenting for the algorithm 🤎
  17. @Max_oot: I want just one doctor to show the extent of the exhaustion doctors are experiencing; YouTube needs a realistic portrayal.😢😢😢😢
  18. @giulialets: Amazing motivational speech! Thank you for this video 🙌🏻✨
  19. @Marcosmos747: lmao in the before and after picture she looks soo scared in both pictures!
  20. @saydtg78ashd: The hospital is very clean, modern, pleasing to look at and work within, the people there seems nice as well

- The United States Leads The World In Plastic Surgery: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] some might call it an obsession with plastic surgery last year there were more than four million cosmetic procedures in the US with liposuction and breast augmentation leading the way as the most popular picks for body enhancements no it doesn't surprise me at all plastic surgeon Steven finical says what's happening nationwide he's seeing in his practice in Charlotte North Carolina a steady demand for cosmetic surgery we're a wealthy country were youth driven were competitive and I expect that that trend is going to continue according to the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons the u.s. grabbed the top spot for plastic surgery with more than four million plastic surgery procedures completed last year if you break it down US consumers spent about eight billion dollars last year on cosmetic procedures to not only look better but feel better and most believe that those numbers will continue to climb because plastic surgery offers a little something for everybody we're seeing younger patient for your neuromodulators for your filler we're seeing older patients concerned about their neck their face the body vaginal rejuvenation dr. Christina Mori says in the u.s. plastic surgery cast a wide net with a variety of surgical and non invasive procedures to meet the needs of almost every age group and I think maybe as compared to Brazil in these other countries that are very focused on body I think this states were kind of more on it entire body including the face and skin care so I think maybe that's why another drug and most experts believe with new technologies on the horizon the numbers in plastic surgery will continue to climb for the plastic surgery channel on dawn Tongass you

- What Is The Best Way To Put In A Breast Implant? | Barrett Plastic Surgery: Kind: captions Language: en this is a breast implant how do you get this inside your body well there are three actually four different types of incisions that you can undergo the first one which isn't used very often anymore is called the tuba the trans umbilical breast augmentation that is done with the saline implant most people are going with silicone now so that leaves the belly button incision not a big option for people the next one it's fallen out of favor in my opinion is the armpit incision one it's because it is noticeable you raise your arm you can see the scar there but two it's a very dirty place to put an implant and if you get dirt on your implant it causes problems infections capsule tracks your breast implant illness all right the other thing it does is it disrupts the nerves that are going to the breast sensation so most people that get transaxillary lose sensation and then the last part reason why I don't like it is because it implants always like to go out the way they came so if you disrupt this bottom part here and the side part the implant tends to fall off to the side so if you're ever in yoga class and you look over and someone has implants on top of their chest and they lie down and then they go down under the side well chances are they might have had a transaxillary approach the last two are the most common that is infant mammary incision it is a very common procedure because it avoids an areola and it decreases the risk of capsular contracture because you don't have that contamination onto the implant but if you use a color funnel you can actually mitigate that risk and be able to go through the border of the areola which is my favorite type of incision because it's the most concealable place if you've done any breastfeeding in your life you know that the aerial and nipple can heal extremely well like Wolverine from X-Men like nothing happened literally the next day and it doesn't leave a scar because it's not a naturally scarring area okay if you put a scar here it tends to scar on hyperpigment much worse and it's more visible you raise your arms up you can see that line on the bottom and the last thing that people are going to talk about is that when you make an incision down here on the bottom it weakens the bottom part of the brush and you have a higher rate of bottoming out okay so the implant can drop down the implant can't go out this way so that's why I like to do the top down approach from the periwheeler incision and there's no difference in breastfeeding ability or nipple sensation with a perirular incision versus Infamous thanks for watching [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @millieprescott8612 [27 likes]: I had transaxillary implants and I gained sensation to my nipples, recovery time was insanely fast, and I think they look so much better than some other implants I've seen.... So I completely disagree with these opinions. Maybe he's just not a great surgeon lol
  2. @bw95432 [9 likes]: Subscribed! Thanks for getting straight to the point ❤
  3. @camillacatt3486 [8 likes]: Does it matter the size of the areola?
  4. @carebearrulz333 [4 likes]: He said "your nipples heal up like Wolverine from X-Men" 😂
  5. @FallsGirl [4 likes]: Like Wolverine from X-man😂
  6. @asr265 [3 likes]: Please help me find a good doctor who can do this in New York please 😢
  7. @michellearga9071 [2 likes]: Hello good day🤗💖 thank you for this vidoe🙏🙏💖 and actually i want to get my boobs done next year but im kinda nervous bcuz i dont know where is the safest and for good results of the breast position if its better on under arms or or down to the breast? Please i need your advice 🙏🙏😔 thank you so much in advance 🙏🙏🙏💖
  8. @Lolaagem [1 likes]: This may be stupid but.  How are you squeezing a whole implant into a little nipple 😂am I dumb? Someone explain
  9. @jane3r1 [1 likes]: What the risk of contamination with the periareolar, as you are cutting through breast tissue?
  10. @ursbran4232: Wonderful video! Very informative! Thank you for all the info.
  11. @voncamron: Sexy man :)
  12. @IamChiggaYoung: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  13. @IamChiggaYoung: 1:09
  14. @reenakisapotid2358: Hi
  15. @chrisvonstein8478: Breasts are beautiful...as long as they are real!
  16. @ElyGuasis: i watched last night time it was in nipple doc
  17. @ashleyjones234: Can you still go under the muscle with areola incision
  18. @Madimads543: Is there anyone that does that with the funnel thing in Texas lol
  19. @joangraham6636: I'm going to be 50 next month. can get a boob job
  20. @Yoseman1: Women are spending tens of thousands of dollars mutilating themselves to make men like them....what a world.

- How Implants “Drop and Fluff” After Breast Augmentation Surgery: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi I'm Dr shuie tannan I'm a plastic surgeon and a mom and today I want to talk about how implants drop or drop and fluff as some people like to say so here is a gabby bear silicone implant and when we place them under your muscle it takes longer for them to drop it can take sometimes 3 months 6 months and very rarely can take up to a year and that's because a couple things have to happen so when place the implant under your muscle imagine my right hand this hand right here is your rib cage and here's the implant and it's right underneath your pectoralis major muscle and then on this side of the muscle would be your breast tissue so when we place implants under the muscle all of that swells your PEC major muscle and your breast gland and your muscle goes all the way up your chest and inserts in your arm so that whole area gets swollen and can look a little rectangular and you'll see that in photos it can take months for this to go down not just weeks so when we tell you to give it time that's what we mean and there's no Rhyme or Reason to why it might drop sooner in one person than another it has nothing to do with your breast size it has nothing to do with the kind of implant that we placed or how much you work out it's just the implant has to take its time to settle into its new home and your swelling needs to go out of both your breast and your PEC major muscle when we go above the muscle when the swelling goes down it's typically what you see is what you get so you don't have that prolonged several months dropping and fluffing it's more like 3 to 6 weeks come and see us for an in-person discussion and in-person trial of what's the right implant for you with a PO certified female plastic surgeon call us today

  Top Comments:
  1. @EvelynSierra-q3i [2 likes]: She said six months to a year right now. Mines are as hard as a brick. Is that gonna take a year to soften up if it’s softens up at all right now, I regret it.
  2. @kailashchandra2273 [2 likes]: Nice information 
Can  the implants stop a bullet . A case happened in US where a lady was saved by her implants . The bullet ruptured the implants but her heart was saved .
  3. @trixiemarieee [1 likes]: I am 7months post op and I have under the muscle 450cc and looks small to me but its feel firm is this means didn't settle yet on the final  position? Is this will soften even more than 6months already?
  4. @barbaramoore5070 [1 likes]: Very informative, thank you!
  5. @MaghnaNaskar [1 likes]: Ur location mem
  6. @StellaAesthetics: Ok this is a real term.. I thought it was a porn reference...
  7. @jckolcz: Can the scar move after
  8. @AmirAliyu-c8z: Waluda Nalubega

- Breast Implant Illness (BII): Update and Everything You Need to Know [PLASTIC SURGEON EXPLAINS]: Kind: captions Language: en breast implant illness is one of the most divisive issues in all of plastic surgery there are extremes on both sides there are plastic surgeons who say that breast implant illness is not real and it's all in women's heads there are breast implant Advocates who believe that all breast implants are toxic and they should ban them forever from anybody using them and there's a lot of people in the middle so what do I think and what does the science say I've got the answers for you in this podcast today [Music] okay so on this podcast we're going to talk all about breast implant illness do breast implants actually make you sick well many years ago it's actually been many years I think since I have made a podcast about bii or breast implant illness uh and so I think it was uh about time for me to really update you on the studies that have been done since then on what the science is saying and whether breast implants really do make people sick uh and I wasn't lying when I said at the beginning of this podcast that this really is one of the most divisive issues in plastic surgery and just to let you know my history of this is that I'm a board-certified plastic surgeon as if you've been following me you know this I went through all of my general surgery residency training plastic surgery residency I did a year Fellowship in um aesthetic plastic surgery out in Beverly Hills and I was always under the belief throughout all my training that implants were safe and that this belief that people had that implants may make you sick just wasn't true and that the studies show that it wasn't true um now just a little bit about the history of breast implants and breast implant illness before we get into some of the more uh current studies um breast implants have been used for many many decades and back in the late 80s and early '90s there was a big hubhub about whether implants were safe and whether they were causing autoimmune disease in women uh and so at this time there was a huge uproar amongst women with breast implants who belied that their implants were making them sick and then in 1992 the FDA went ahead and issued a moratorium on silicone breast implants only allowing them to be used in an FDA approved study so at that point silicon imp plants were essentially banned for use except in this study uh saline implants however were allowed to be used and the belief was let's study this more to make sure that women aren't getting sick from it well at the time one of the huge breast implant manufacturers uh Dow Chemical went bankrupt from this there were class action lawsuits and a huge deal um and from 1992 all the way up to 2006 which really essentially was my entire training uh we only used Salan implants except when these patients were used in FD approved study so fast forward to 2006 uh abruptly the FDA lifts the moratorium the ban on silicone implants uh in Canada the lift uh the band was lifted at a similar time as well and we were able to use silicone implants again and not surprisingly the next year breast augmentation Rose from being in the top five cosmetic procedures reformed to being number one and it has never looked back really because of the release of the silic implants once again in the united states allowing anybody to get it technically over the age of 22 uh that caused the numbers of breast augmentations to Skyrocket well what it also did is it also gave support to those plastic surgeons and people who believe that implants did not make people sick they said because the FDA lifted the moratorium that is proof that bii breast implant illness is not real um and that was what I was taught all this time and that's what I believed for many years uh and until I started learning a little bit more about breast implant illness and I went through my own um journey I guess into learning about this type of thing so I started having patients telling me that that they were reading stories online of people sharing their stories about breast implant illness and bii and how they were getting better after their implants were removed so initially my belief is that no the studies I was told that the studies show that implants don't make people sick that's what I was always told that this is what the studies say and this is what I would even tell my patients but the reality was did I actually look at those studies or was I just regurgitating what was said at our conferences what was written in our textbooks and what my colleagues would tell me and so I realized that I may not know something that I didn't know and I started really thinking about and I went to these breast uh implant illness websites uh that were posted by lay people not by plastic surgeons and I started seeing studies in their literature that I had never heard of before so I started looking up these studies and I started realizing that there are a number there's an entire kind of scientific group of these studies that have looked at bii that I was never aware of and that none of my colleagues ever told me about and then I started looking at our study about breast implants and I I guess I knew this to an extent at the time but maybe I didn't know quite to the extent that this was true but the vast majority of these the big studies were funded by the implant companies and they were performed by plastic surgeons who are getting paid sometimes millions of dollars from these companies to perform these studies so if you're working for a company and you are getting paid millions of dollars you know sometimes even per year potentially to give lectures to perform research uh and all that and be a consultant then do you think that maybe you would have an ulterior motive here do you think that maybe that could impact what you believe about implants um and so I started realizing that there was a lot out there that I didn't know and as I looked more and more at the studies I realized that these studies really didn't look that closely at all these symptoms that women with B have and I started realizing that this whole phenomenon of bii I think it might be real so what is breast implant illness um so let me give you a list of the symptoms of bii in order of how common they are so the first one I'm going to mention is going to be the most common and as I go through this list we're going to go to less and less common but still symptoms of bii and there are are lists online that you can find that have like over 40 symptoms of bii but these are the most common according to recent studies fatigue brain fog joint pain muscle pain and weakness headaches low libido dry eyes memory issues anxiety hair loss numbness and tingling insomnia weight gain cold intolerance dry mouth and depression so me listing these symptoms if you have breast implants are you dealing with a lot of these if the answer is no then you probably don't have bii if the answer is yes then it's possible that the implants may have something to do with it and and in these situations you want to consider first of all timing so when does bii occur well in General Studies show that it occurs about an average of about 1 to 4 years after after the implants are placed okay so usually bii these symptoms don't just show up the day after you have an operation or a week later or even a month or even sometimes six months later uh studies show anywhere from 1 to four years is kind of the average time period where symptoms of breast impant illness appear to show up um so I'll tell you I have patients who come to see me for breast implants in a consultation and I still do breast implant surgery I just educate my patients about it um and I go over the symptoms of breast implant illness with some of them and I've been stopped at times and I've had patients tell me Dr Yun I have breast implant illness and I look at them I go but you don't have breast implants and they go I know isn't that strange and so these are symptoms unfortunately that you can get from a lot of different autoimmune disorders and that's one of the problems with bii okay is that you know I get patients who have these symptoms they don't even have implants and then there are people who don't have these symptoms they get implants and then they get the symptoms uh and so the timing is the first thing obviously if you've got these symptoms and you don't have implants or you've had these symptoms and you get implants and you still have them well then you got to consider the timing is you know suspect and it's likely that you probably aren't getting sick from your implants um but the timing so you want to consider it um so how do you diagnose breast implant illness okay well obviously first thing you want to look at the timing uh is there a blood test to diagnose breast implant illness no is there an x-ray or a CAT scan or an MRI or any other type of an Imaging study that can tell you if you've got bii unfortunately no bi breast implant illness is a diagnos diagnosis of exclusion and what that means is the only way to really diagnose it is if you try to diagnose any other reasons why this person may have these symptoms and you come up short there's nothing else that comes up positive then maybe you have bii okay and so that's usually how we find out is that people exhaust the possibilities they go they you know they go I'm sick I've got all these symptoms I don't know what's going on my doctor has done a full workup everything is quote unquote normal and we don't know what's causing my illness and so then I tell them look could it be your implants we don't know we will only know if we remove the implants and see if you get better uh and that's one of the most frustrating things about bii is that people who have it there's no way to tell if your implants are making you sick unfortunately unless you take them out um and the hard thing is you know it's it's easy if you have somebody who has implants they don't want them anyway and let's say maybe they're done with them or or um they no longer feel that they're right for them but there are people who come in who are really like their implants they like how they look and feel with their implants and to take them out can be really devastating for them but they're sick and they don't know if the implants are making them sick and that's where it can become a very difficult situation and that's where I do think in some cases some women decide you know what I'm just going to keep my implants even though I don't feel so great um and and it's a decision for each person to make individually I wish and I hope that sometime in the future we'll have some type of study or test that we can do that will diagnose breast implant illness so that women will know that if we take your implants out are you going to get better so then who is at risk of bii uh and that's also I think super important if we have somebody who's thinking about breast implants can we give that person a percentage of what chance they will have of getting bii and unfortunately the answer is no we don't know we don't know who's at risk of bii now there are a couple of small studies that show that if you have a history of autoimmune disease if you have a history of severe allergies and interest interestingly enough if you've got a history of irritable bowel syndrome if you've got iral bowel those are three things that may be connected with breast implant inis you may have a slightly you may have a higher risk of getting bii if you get breast implants if you have those things once again um irritable bowel history of severe allergies or autoimmune disease um but it's not really conclusive um but that's the only thing that we really have we do not know what the risk factors of bii are and and un that means that if you consider having implants we cannot tell you what percentage chance you have of your implants making you sick um and this is really I think one of the most uh important pieces of information that we ideally would need to get and we would love to get because you know really when you undergo surgery it is a risk benefit analysis and if you don't know what the chances of the you know the risk are how do you make an informed analysis of that it's tough it definitely makes it tough okay so what then causes breast implant illness well we don't know unfortunately who's at risk so we don't know necessarily what causes it either there are a lot of hypotheses and that's where some of the recent Studies have looked at uh so for example one of the main hypotheses is heavy metals uh are there heavy metals in the implant shell that can be leashed out of the implant and go into the body causing people to get sick well I would say and according to studies it is unlikely that bii is due to heavy metals uh there was a recent study of50 patients from 2022 so this was just published you know a year and a half or so ago and they found higher levels of Arsenic and zinc in the scar tissue capsules of people with bii but they found lower levels of other heavy metals now Arsenic and zinc can be altered by lifestyle such as eating a gluten-free diet such as by smoking taking supplements and even by having tattoos so even though there was slightly higher levels of Arsenic and zinc in people who had implants in bii and that is arsenic and zinc in the capsule which is the scar tissue that surrounds the breast implant there were other levels of heavy metals that were actually lower and the Arsenic and zinc levels appeared to also correlate with some of the lifestyles of people like smoking once again like having tattoos and taking supplements and eating a gluten-free diet um so when this study of 150 people looked at heavy metals in the scar tissue Shrine those breast implants in the capsules they didn't really find anything all that conclusive it didn't seem to show a direct correlation or connection between increasing amount of heavy metals in the tissues and bii uh and so I think it's unlikely that heavy metals um are the cause of bii obviously more studies would be helpful to be 100% sure um how about silicone gel G bleed well what is silicone gel bleed well silicone which is made the silic the outer implant is made of silicone rubber the inner portion of the silic the inner portion of the implant can either be saline or saltwater or it can be silicone gel or even a silicone liquid or even more of a cohesive silicone that's almost like a solid now back in the ' 80s and early '90s the implants silicone implants that we used had a silicone liquid in them so that if the implant would let's say get a tear in the Shell that liquid would come oozing out because it was a liquid um after the moratorium was lifted with the new silicone implants they are made of more of a cohesive gel they're not a solid but they're more of a gel substance so they're not necessarily liquid and the old liquid silicone implants would actually bleed through that shell to the point where it's kind of like it would almost dissolve through that shell and you can actually feel this slime layer on the old style implant the newer implants are what we call low gel bleed because that silicone uh is thicker it does not tend to kind of diffuse through the shell much anymore and you don't get this kind of slime layer of silicone gel what we call bleed on the implants Much Anymore um now we do know that when that you get a higher silicone gel bleed your body can react more to that by creating excess Scar Tissue like a capsu contracture and that's that capsule that scar tissue covering getting actually thick uh and uh and the body aggressively reacting to the implant um but at the same time there was no correlation between that necessarily and breast implant illness um now is it possible that silicone gel bleed can be the cause of breast implant illness then that the silicone kind of leeching through the shell well there was a study published in December of 2023 so just a few months ago that found no silicone in the capsules of saline implant patients uh with bii but there were silicone particles in the capsules of silicone implant patients with bii uh and what that to kind of explain that is when they looked at the capsules that scar tissue suround the implants in patients who have saline implants and they suffered from bii they did not find any silicone particles in that capsule but they did find it in people who had silicone implants and so what it showed was that if you have silicone implants not saline you may get some of that silicone particles that go into the outer shell through the outer shell into the capsule but not with saing patients because the inside is sailing and about 50% of patients with bii have saline implants so it doesn't make sense that silicone bleed would cause bii because then why are people have Salan implants who don't have silicone bleed getting bii um so it we don't think that necessarily it's just because you've got silicone inside that's that's bleeding out um how about bofilm uh bofilm essentially is a layer of bacteria that can grow on the surface of an implant not so much bacteria that it would cause an infection or an abscess um but just enough bacteria that can kind of attach the to the top of it or to the surface of the implant and cause the body to react to it um there are some beliefs that that might be possible possibly the cause of bii uh there was a study published in 2022 that revealed a positive bacterial culture in 68% of patients with bii and 50% of them were propon bacterium acnes so this was a very common bacteria that we found uh when uh culturing patients capsules with bii but it was 50% of that was this bacteria and only 68% not 100% of patients with bii had a positive bacterial contamination or a bofilm now is it possible that they may have missed some maybe there's not enough bacteria that would actually grow it's hard to say but once again it's not super obvious that this is the cause but it's Al it's possible that it could be one of the contributing factors and it takes me really to I think what I think is really the main cause of bii and I think that it's not just one thing I think it probably is a combination of factors that come together to create this in certain patients and those factors could include a bofilm if it could include um potential silicone reactivity by the patient it could include uh their own bodies kind of their own hyper sensitivities of their bodies it could include genetics there may be a lot of factors here that may contribute to bii that we just don't realize yet biofilm may be part of it I think genetics may be part of it capsular contracture that may be part of it as well when you get excess Scar Tissue likely it's due to a lot of things okay so how do you treat bii um and this is something that definitely is very controversial because there are plastic surgeons who offer all sorts of options um so the first thing is to treat bii number one you've got to get rid of the implant there are studies that show that if you have the implant removed uh in somebody who has bii that you have your chances of symptom Improvement is anywhere from 55 to 95% um there was a recent study also that showed that that symptom improved does persist for over one year so if your symptoms do get better when your implants are removed it's likely that that symptom Improvement can be long lasting now if you've got symptoms but you have no previous diagnosis of autoimmune disease then that's where you have a good chance that you're going to get better and what I mean by that is if let's say you're a patient who's previously healthy you have implants and then a year later you've got these symptoms you've got uh brain fog you've got fatigue muscle aches hair is getting thinner you're getting weird rashes you have anywhere from a 55 to 95% chance of significant Improvement in your symptoms if your implants are removed but if you are somebody who already has a pre-existing diagnosis of autoimmune disease that means you've already been diagnosed with shogren syndrome or rheumatoid arthritis um or any of these types of autoimmune diseases then your chances of improvement with implant removal of a diagnosed autoimmune disease is not very good uh and that's what I've seen in my own practice as well is people who already have a diagnosis of autoimmune disease especially if it's severe you take their implants out and they don't unfortunately seem to get a whole lot better that's my clinical experience but it's also what the studies are showing as well okay so it's pretty obvious that if somebody's got bii you got to remove the implants and that's where they seem to improve and really at this point is um it is I would say scientific fact that in people who have these types of symptoms they don't have already pre-existing diagnosis that that they will you know a good percentage of them 60 to 95% are going to get better with implants there are a lot of studies that have confirmed this so if you get a plat stud that tells you oh you've got all these studies it's not going to help you if you have your implants taken out because it's in your head they are not telling you the truth they are gaslighting you the fact is that the studies do show and there are multiple studies that show that implants being removed from somebody who has a constellation of bii symptoms the vast majority of them have significant Improvement in their symptoms maybe not 100% but definite Improvement okay so how do you what do you do with the capsule that's where it gets really controversial and that's where the science is not quite as clear so what is a capsule again that is the scar tissue surrounding the implant and everybody who has implant that's healed has a capsule around it usually and ideally that capsule is nice and thin so you don't even know it's there uh in some cases and and it's unfortunate but sometimes that capsule can get really thick and that can create what's called a capsular contracture and that's excess scar tissue that can build up around the implant so what do you do with it well traditionally bii Advocates have said that you need to remove the capsule with the implant all in one big piece and they label this as calling it an on block removal and what that means essentially is the implant and the scar tissue all comes out in one piece through one large incision on the breast and the belief is that if you do it that way then you are not going to contaminate the the person's body with that implant or anything inside that capsular shell uh and so there are plastic surgeons who are advertising this on block reection of the implants uh and saying that they're specialists in it that they do it better than everybody else and oh by the way they're going to charge you twice as much as somebody else who wants to take out your implant um but you've got to go to them because they are the specialist for you there is also a total capsulectomy total capsulectomy me means removing the implant and the capsule but not necessarily all in the same piece and then there is there are people who may do a partial capsulectomy where some of the capsules removed with it but not all of it and then there's some doctors who just take the plan out and leave the capsule alone so if you have bii what do you do well once again traditionally bii Advocates uh have often said that in order to get better you need to have an on block removal with the implant so the implant and the capsule removed all at one time uh and there was this belief once again that you may not get better if you don't do it this way and the fact is is that there is absolutely zero science to show that that is necessary so what does the science say well there was a stud study published in February of 2024 that showed a 74% reduction in symptoms for patients with bii at 6 months when they didn't have any capsulectomy and this was not statistically different from results of a partial or a total capsulectomy so what they're essentially saying is that they had a 74% reduction in symptoms for people who had bii when their implants removed whether they had capsule removed none of it removed or some of it removed it didn't seem to matter there the amount of improvement was the same whether the capsule was taken out or not there was also a study published in 2023 of 150 subjects with a one-year follow-up and they also showed no difference in outcome when they had no capsulectomy a partial capsulectomy a total capsulectomy or an on block capsulectomy capsy means removing the capsule so another study 150 people one year followup no difference whether the capsule was removed or was it whether it was left in place or whether you didn't unblock so that's a big deal because once again you have people who are who are really putting information out there that is misinformation it is not true saying that you need to get an unblock capsu toy or even a total capsu AC to me if you're going to get better and if you don't get it uh that thing done then you're not going to improve from your operation and that just is not true true um okay so what about other uh so what about a on block is um is my concern okay so the reason why I bring this up number one is because once again there are plastic surgeons and there are other people who are gaslighting you they are basically telling you falsehoods and unfortunately in the case of some of these plastic surgeons it's so that they can make money off of you it becomes essentially a marketing gimmick that they are the unblock surgeon now the reason why I'm not a big fan of Unblock capsulectomies with these operations is because it it's actually in some ways an easier operation than a total capsulectomy total capsulectomy meaning removing of the scar tissue separately from the implant um when you do an enblock capsulectomy you have to make a large incision on the breast because if you're going to pull all that stuff out in one piece the incision has to be very long to get it out of there and that long incision creates a long scar and that long scar is permanent and so you've got doctors who are out there creating these huge scars on women performing unnecessary operations they're actually easier than the way I would do it which is a total capsulectomy through a small incision okay and they're charging all this money trying to scare women into having it done with them because they want to make the money and it is just plain wrong um so if you've got bii and somebody tells you you have to get an on block then ask them where does the science show that this is necessary and there just is none zero okay so the big issue really with surgery and I think it's so so important is the Cosmetic appearance afterwards and if you undergo a removal of your implants how's it going to look well in general what happens when implants are removed is that your breasts will not droop lower but they will lose projection they don't stick out as much and in some cases if it's a small implant and if you've got a lot of your own native breast tissue that difference may not hopefully be that big a deal unless you want it to be and other cases if you have somebody with a big implant and very little breast tissue cosmetically it can be a huge deal so that's something to really keep in mind so what do I do with my patients um this is just a general um uh uh overview of how I treat my patients um who have bii uh the first thing is I have them get worked up by their primary care physician Andor their rheumatologist the number one thing once again it's a diagnosis of exclusion we want to make sure that their implants are truly making them sick and it's not something else second thing is then we go to surgery and I do perform a near complete or a complete capsulectomy with removal of the implants most of the time um now these studies that are showing that removing the capsule may not be necessary are very new uh and something that I would now talk with my patients and give them the option that being said a lot of patients still would say look I really would feel better if you remove the capsule and if that's the case you know we can talk about that explain the increase and invasiveness of it um and decide for the patient you know with the patient what is best for them but most of my patients until these studies now have recently been published I performed either a near total or total capsulectomy removing most if not all the scar tissue to give them peace of mind that that that's not contributing to their symptoms uh all of my patients where we take their imp plant out get a drain uh and we do something special with the drain we have them literally squeeze a bulb only a half hour twice a day um and this helps to actually improve the Cosmetic appearance of their breasts afterwards that's a big thing when the implants are removed like I mentioned earlier it can really create a huge change to how the breasts look um one of the big things that we see in some patients are unnatural creases on the breasts and these indentations increases and I do believe that's due to how the breast pocket heels together and if we just do what we normally do with patients and just put a drain in and put it to suction and take it out a week later oftentimes patients can get these weird indentations in their breast that don't look natural and don't ever really go away and so this was something that I really searched for many years for a solution for and I had a doctor who told me at a conference one day that if you put the drain to suction a half hour twice a day so you only suck fluid out a half hour two times a day that that allows the breast to actually heal more naturally and the risk of of these indentations and wrinkles and stuff is much lower and that's what I've seen in my patients and so we typically do that um we get all my patients are on pre and post-top supplements um so we put them on a multivitamin we put them on a probiotic we put them on Arginine and glutamine which are amino acids to help with protein breakdown that can occur in skeletal muscle after surgery um I have them take antioxidants like vitamin C we also put them on arnica and brolene uh to help reduce inflammation as well as omega-3 fatty acid after three weeks uh these are all very basic supplements I do think may help with the healing process and then I tell my patients that if they want to do other detox activities on their own I encourage them to do that but it's not mandatory um things like cleaning up their diet like doing an infrared sauna like plain exercise these are great things to do they may help with the overall kind of detoxing processes um but there's no science to show that we know of that that's going to improve your symptoms or anything like that but always be healthy no matter what um so what about red light therapy uh red light therapy I mean could potentially help especially in the healing process maybe with the scars um totally optional no signs that I've seen that helps show that that's going to help it you recover from bi or even from surgery um IV nutrition is something that some people recommend after surgery I'm not a big fan of IV nutrition I'd rather have you take it by mouth um I'm also concerned if you get a lot of IVs are you going to blow out your veins eventually by creating scar Tish in those veins and so I'm not a big fan of IV nutrition because let's say you're getting a lot of IVs nutrition IVs and stuff I know they're real popular right now but let's say you're getting a bunch of them now and you're in your 20s or your 30s when you're in your 60s or your 70s and you're older and maybe you're in the hospital more are they going to be able to access those veins um maybe not if you've been using all these IVs and those veins are scarred down and so I'm not a big fan of IV therapies I think that um we we want to really save that for when we need it um and then hyperbaric oxygen some people have recommended that for people have bii I've seen zero signs to show that HBO is helpful in bii I think in those patients who have healing issues if your tissues are real thin and there's a concern about healing then by all means try hyperbaric oxygen that may help create more oxygen in your tissues maybe help prevent some healing problems but I don't know of any necessary evidence that that can help with bii uh or healing from bii surgery um I think it's really important that you know there are people out there um you know I mentioned people who are plastic surgeons who are selling on block surgery and how I do believe that that is not the right thing to do uh and can be borderline unethical as well um but there are also people out there who are in the holistic health field who are selling detoxes huge groups of supplements and things like that that that they claim oh if you've got bi you've got to take this or you're not going to get better um you know I actually did a Medline search for breast implant illness supplements or breast implant illness detox or breast implant illness cleanse uh to see was there any science in any journals indexed anywhere in Medline that doing something like that can help with breast implant illness and there were zero results so I know of zero science zero studies to show that you paying hundreds if not thousands of dollars for a detox or for a cleanse or something like that uh is Pro proven to help you heal from bii now if you want to do that then that's on you it's probably not going to hurt but but I think it's important for you to realize that you can heal from breast implant illness you know without doing all that stuff um and if you want to do it by all means feel free um but there's no science to show that these things are helpful or necessary to get better I really would encourage you to to exercise caution if you have somebody who's telling you you know you've got to spend thousands of dollars on this or you're not going to get better I mean are they telling you the truth are they gaslighting you are they doing this just to try to take your money that's something you really want to be careful of um and so and I do see that so I hope this has been helpful for you I've got some final thoughts about breast implant illness um and this something that I actually wrote down because I really want to make sure I convey at the end that I am not NE anti- breast implants I still do a lot of breast augmentation but I educate my patients about bii because I think it's so important to realize that not everybody reacts the same way to implants I believe that breast implants are safe for the majority of people who want them but I also believe that breast implant illness is real I think that there is a percentage of people who get breast implants that get sick from them and the only way for them to get better unfortunately is to get those implants taken out so if you decide you want them really just be aware if you decide you want implants just be aware that there is a chance that that they can potentially make you sick I think that risk is not super high we don't have specific numbers for them I wish we did um but I also think that there for the vast majority of patients breast implants can be very helpful for them to achieve their cosmetic goals and to help them uh look and feel their best and feel confident and great in their own skin and as always uh remember eat real food use Clean Skin Care and auto rejuvenate before you operate [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @RaziaAli-y4u [7 likes]: Fatigue, hair loss. Dry eyes , anxiety
  2. @fucken12345678 [2 likes]: I was told I am suffering from hyperthyroidism with nodules on my neck with one needing a biopsy. I have had my breasts for 22 years. I been having horrible breast pain like if I am producing milk without pumping very painful. I also had my mammogram and I lumps on both need to get check every 6 months. I am a healthy individual now I am in all this mess 😭😭😭😭 I am getting consultations to get them removed.
  3. @Sam-rj3kq [1 likes]: DO NOT GET THEM!!! My biggest regret. Everyone can tell you had them done, they're obvious.  So happy I got them removed!
  4. @yassy.auraxo [1 likes]: I just don’t find it fair how some women get sick & some don’t. I want to get it but it’s a risk that i don’t know if i’m willing to take. So i don’t want to rush into it until i have the $$ to take care of it.
  5. @tamaravlogt [1 likes]: I have so man Symptoms and After 10 yrs iam gertting them out . And Hope it will better but I will miss Them 😂 so nice you Talk about this
  6. @LynamyrCeliz: I have known lots of people have BII but they dont have B. IMPlants.. Theyre still young but their weak, brainfogs etc.. Me im at 48 when o feel all these BII. bit i considrr it as my hormonal or menoposal stage.. My implants are almost 22years ago.. And i feel confident on it😍
  7. @edithhiremath925: My symptoms began 9months after implants I was 33yrs 
when I got them healthy 
This are my symptoms 
Since to 2011 
Headaches daily for 5yrs 
Anxiety 
Depression 
Weakness/ tiredness 
Heart Palpitations 
Pins and needles/ numbness 
All over my body
Itching 
Stomach issues/ severe bloating 
Hair loss 
Puffy eyes
Acne 
Capsular contracture right breast 
I’m 48yrs 
Getting them removed this year
  8. @yasminsamuel758: I'd rather have small boobs than a dry kitty
  9. @kmcash-q4m: Is BII less likely with very small implants?
  10. @BelovedGreenMagick: What happens to the capsule if you leave it in? Does it just sit there in your breast or does it eventually get dissolved into your body? 🤔
  11. @The-Threadbearer: Its almost like if you leave foreign bodies in your body, they start to poison you in some way.
  12. @miggio0: before you remove them and pay all the money, go carnivore(lots of steak and eggs) for a year and see if there are improvements. You might be surprised what can happen.
  13. @ethxo6734: Believe women. Doctors claiming it’s all in women’s heads are practicing lazy medicine, zero curiosity, zero interest in helping the patient. 

Men’s complaints never get dismissed as pain or illness being all in their head.
  14. @EnerchiHypnotherapy: Great information ❤
  15. @gyongyverbenko4905: The symptoms are the same for perimenopause….
  16. @jennehzorokong3348: Thank you for your honesty and sincerity. 🙏🏾
  17. @iv911: Sounds like a normal thyriod problem or a mineral deficiency.
  18. @margaretrosin7853: Well, if you’re benefitting monetarily from placing these implants, it only makes sense to say the illness doesn’t exist, even though removing them makes most of the symptoms disappear.  I don’t think it’s coincidence that I have most of the symptoms they state are BII.  I’m having them removed in two weeks and both are ruptured and in my lymph nodes.
  19. @AdelaideTavares-o6h: maybe is not directly because of breast implants I dont have implants  i start having the same symptoms like breast implant illness I start having rashes, feel tied memories issues this after changing my contraception implant in my arm, I never had before but this time after exchanging all this started even my joint was hurting me no energy.   if you have a autoimmune issue eventually will wake up and show it.... conclusion if you have a autoimmune system that is not active yet eventually will appear
  20. @ryouner: I totally regret getting mine! I had perfect size B cups..this is the wife speaking... ignore my husband's profile pic..but now I must be careful what I wear because if a shirt is too short n wide..I look like a linebacker and I'm 5-31/2 n 133lbs small boned...if if I try on something cute, it looks slutty on me! Little breasts are beautiful n I miss them so!!!

- Breast Implants: Should They Go Over Or Under The Muscle? | Harley Clinic Group: Kind: captions Language: en hi dr riaz argo here harley clinic group on harley street i wanted to speak to you about going over or under the muscle with your breast implant in breast augmentation i do get lots of patients coming to me for consultations here on harley street saying do you place the implant over the muscle or under the muscle so the answer to that question is really it depends whether you go over the muscle under the muscle it depends like with most things in plastic surgery and it depends on what that particular patient is seeking what are their particular goals what kind of look do they want to have how much soft tissue thickness they have how much coverage do they have for an implant work to be placed into the chest and also really have they had any previous surgery have they had previous implants have they got previous surgery what scars do they have so those kinds of three things really determine whether you go over or under the muscle and also their lifestyle are they very active they go to the gym a lot where going under the muscle might not be a good idea because if you go under the muscle then you have a lot of animation effects that occur with the muscle being raised up and having to keep the implant up sometimes they can feel like they're popping out with the muscle contracting and that can be quite uncomfortable for a patient who goes to the gym a lot really to take a step back if you think about what makes a good breast a good breast is one where the the implant hasn't come too far around where it's underneath the armpit where the implant is centered where the breast tissue is and it helps to allow for a good full lower pole a good full upper pole a good lateral clearly demarcated lateral pull to the breast good medial sided cleavage and a nipple that's correctly positioned in the central meridian of the breast with the nipple pointing forwards or up at 20 degrees that's what a good breast shape looks like and you kind of know it when you see it you know you can look in the mirror and say you know i like what i see or i don't some patients need to have a breast augmentation in combination with a lift breast implant coming in and being placed underneath the gland it helps does help to lift up a lot more because of that profile so you have a heart more highly projecting profile placed immediately behind the gland eye over the muscle it gives a little bit more lift to the breast so that's one of the advantages that you get you get a bit more focus on the sort of overlying soft tissues when you place the implant closer to them and that's when you go over the muscle the other thing that is important is when you place the implant over the muscle you're placing it where the breast tissue normally sits so it does feel like it's in a more natural pocket and you're not going to have the same degree of movements on the breast implant that you would have when it's placed underneath the muscle where it's subject to the muscle contraction now placing an implant over the muscle is good when you've got good overlying soft tissues and good thick soft tissues that's the skin that's the fat that's the gland and when you've got that then you have an implant that is then covered nicely by those tissues where you've got very thin soft tissues and your surgeon can determine this when they examine you then the implant edge is far more visible and you can see that edge so that it shows more that they've had a breast augmentation which some women won't want they don't want to show that they've had it done you want the implant to be more well covered that's really important that you've got good soft tissue coverage thin soft tissue coverage the way around it is to go deeper and place it lift the muscle up and go underneath the muscles so you have more coverage for the implant you can't see the outlines or any little ripples or nooks and crannies in the implant as easily so the overlying soft tissue coverage of a patient is really important that's something that's determined on examination how much coverage do they have for an implant that's going to be placed inside the other thing that's important is what kind of look they want do they want to have a more augmented look a look like that would be best served by going over the muscle so you have a maximum projection on the soft tissues by this physical construct being there when you go underneath the muscle it does hurt a bit more there's a bit of a longer recovery it is somewhat more unnatural because you have to have to raise the muscle up and then the muscle tends to push down on the implant and helps to keep it up you can get what we call then a double bubble ultimately when if the gland falls down off the implant uh because the muscle helps keep it up it doesn't move as we can move more independently of the implant so this sort of relationship between the muscle the implant the gland is really important and when those relationships get disrupted that's when you get what we call a double bubble where the gland has fallen down relative to the implant or what we call bottoming out where the implant has fallen down relative to the breast gland so maintaining those relationships is important your surgeon may offer doing a lift he may offer different kinds of suturing techniques or bolstering of the lower pole that they may talk to you about to try and counteract some of these problems that occur with breast implants and the breast gland other thing that's important is when you're looking at patients who are having a re-augmentation they've already got an in they may already be placed over the muscle when you then comes time to have a change either because of a different size or they have had a problem with their implant they've got a capsule a contracture or they had a rupture then you have to then think is it best to go into that same plane or pocket or should you then go more deeper over time soft tissues can thin out so you can thin out the overlying skin fat and gland by having an implant placed immediately behind them because of the pressure that it creates so it may be time then to switch to going underneath the muscle when it comes to doing a re-augmentation sometimes as well you can combine doing a re-augmentation with fat grafting and that's where you're placing fat in to say hide or blend out the upper pole of the implant in summary when you go and have a consultation with your plastic surgeon for breast augmentation discuss with them about going over or under the and ask them about their reasons for why they would recommend a particular choice they'll speak to you about your goals and desires the prevailing anatomy that you have any previous procedures that you've had and really ask you also about your lifestyle if you're very busy and active do a lot of gym work placing it underneath the muscle when you've got good soft tissue thickness is not a good idea beware of anyone that says that they always do things a particular way you need to have your approach tailored to you to your goals and desires and your anatomy

  Top Comments:
  1. @Weston7-11 [19 likes]: I had a lift (breastfeeding deflated my poor boobs!) and smaller under the muscle silicone implants and couldn't be happier. Over the muscle is much heavier on your breast tissue and skin and can stretch it out over time, particularly if one has a larger implant. Plus, with OTM, it's easier for the implant to "bottom out" (once again due to the skin having to support the implant where as the pec muscle offers support that can't be matched) AND capsular contracture where scar tissue forms around the implant making it really hard and unnatural looking is much more common with OTM. My under the muscle implants feel soft and natural and are even jiggly. It was no question for me to chose that placement.
  2. @Luna10310 [15 likes]: I wish there was no music. Can't really hear
  3. @roselucht4583 [12 likes]: I used to have them under. I had breast cancer and double mastectomy . Now I have silicone implants above the muscle wall it’s far less painful I’m very happy wit results
  4. @sacassashimidrama7088 [8 likes]: Under the muscles is unhealthy.
  5. @Straightjacket154 [7 likes]: This guy is goooooood.
  6. @fufu7525 [6 likes]: I have over the muscle!!
  7. @bangmo2860 [4 likes]: Very informative video but the sound is horrible, the eco effect is annoying, and on top of that we have that distracting music.  Please correct.  Good info thou
  8. @micheles1812 [3 likes]: I think I need mine put over the muscle. I don’t like the way mine look now
  9. @4naLove [2 likes]: finally, somebody who explains it well. thank you!
  10. @Lil-Be [2 likes]: I explanted this year and can’t be happier. Nobody will convince that implants are safe. My chronic back pain and headaches went away right away. Ladies please really, deeply think before you get implants. Do your research. I had them for 13 years. My breast looked perfect but they never felt “mine” plus caused me chronic pains.
  11. @barefootbarbie [1 likes]: I finally explanted after my 40 year nightmare of numerous surgeries to implant, repeated capsular contracture repairs, disfiguring breast damages, health issues, etc.
Finally ~ FREEDOM !
  12. @t.b.1596 [1 likes]: Thank you for a very informative video.  I really appreciate your expertise!
  13. @jessym5583: I’m literally going in two weeks. I wasn’t over the muscle.
  14. @1Sun111: well explained, thank you
  15. @pe65mustg: can't hear
  16. @glowwithinbyjulie: Can you talk about breast implants when someone has Pectus Excavatum?
  17. @Bexiboo.: Of rippling is occuring witb otm large implants 
Would reducing the size implant whilst keeping them otm reduce this? X
  18. @Teedaveed: ❤❤❤❤❤
  19. @Redwood14: Neither, unless you want bii breast implant illness
  20. @vik7628: Can i get silicone under the muscle?

- Holistic Plastic Surgeon Reveals Today's Breast Implants: Kind: captions Language: en there have been a ton of changes to the world of breast implants over the last couple years and even over the last one to two weeks on this video we're going to cover everything you need to know about choosing breast implants [Music] just one week ago one of the most popular breast implants was taken off of the market the company went bankrupt and this has sent shockwaves through the breast implant business and plastic surgery in general now that implant that was taken off the market is the ideal implant now the ideal implant is a saline-filled implant that has several internal chambers that allow the salt water to redistribute more evenly inside of it so essentially the outside is the same as a traditional saline implant but inside that implant are little chambers that allow the salt water to redistribute more evenly and it allows it to create a more natural feel of the breast after surgery now this implant has been around for many many years I actually invested in this implant gosh probably back in 2008 or so and it was developed by a plastic surgeon who actually was on a plane and had two cups in front of him one cup with a drink that had no ice in it and one cup with a drink that did have ice in it that plane underwent a bunch of turbulence and he found that the drink with the ice in it the water the drink did not Splash out of it whereas the one without the ice did Splash out of it and so the big negative the big drawback that people don't like about traditional saline implants and this is a traditional saline implant is that this saline implant basically has one chamber and it's filled with salt water and it just doesn't feel as natural as some of the other implants like the silicone implants and when people really don't like about sand implants are the wrinkles and the ripples that you may see and sometimes feel with these implants and so this doctor came up with this idea of well if you've got saline inside of an implant like this and it kind of sloshes around what if you put baffles inside you make Chambers inside that allow that salt water to redistribute a bit more evenly and so instead of it sloshing around like a traditional Saline it doesn't in the ideal implant and so this implant was developed and it has been created and it's been on the market and FDA approved for many many years and I've actually put quite a few of these into patients patients in general have been really happy with it but literally a week ago I as well as all the other plastic surgeons who use these implants received an email stating that the company was kaput like just like that the company is out of business and we are no longer selling them and if you've got stock in them you cannot send it back to us your stock is essentially worthless if you don't have a patient who wants those implants now the ideal implant never had a huge market share I don't know exactly what percentage of patients underwent augmentation with the ideal implant in my practice it was probably only about five percent and so you know five percent of a huge number which is a lot of people getting breast augmentation is still a large number of implants but in each individual practice it's not necessarily A a huge devastating thing that being said now there's one less implant that is available for people to choose from so what is available when you're looking at breast implants well I mentioned earlier that there still is the traditional saline implant and this has been around for decades and it really honestly hasn't changed for decades this is an implant that is used occasionally you know back before the implant the silicone implant ban was removed back in 2006 we were using this all the time and now that the silicone plants have been available for so long and they're such a variety of silicone implants to choose from it's really not all that common to use it now the benefit of using a saline implant however is that if an implant breaks if it ruptures you will know that it's broken that's the main benefit with saline you do get some peace of mind with it knowing that your implant is either intact or broken and you know the status of it and that is very different than the other implants which are silicone implants I'm just going to show you how I've got a table in front of me with the different implants that we're going to go over so the most commonly used implant now are the smooth silicone implants and implants can come in Saline or silicone so we've talked about the saline that's really all that's available saline wise in general for silicone however there are a bunch of options and this is the most common one this is a memory gel Mentor memory gel smooth round silicone implants implants can come in a smooth surface or in a textured surface and you can see this is a textured surface implant okay it has basically a sandpapery shell to it the smooth implants have a smooth shell to it okay and these work very differently in the body smooth wild implants are made to actually move around a bit okay there is a front and there is a back so you don't want to necessarily flip around but it is made to move around a little bit and that helps to create the soft feel of a natural breast augmentation so soft and pink and water what skincare ingredient is touted by the vast majority of plastic surgeons and dermatologists as the best to get smoother younger looking skin the answer is retinol and our Yoon Beauty retinol moisturizer is the Cornerstone for our youth promoting skin care regimen like all human beauty products it's fragrance free cruelty free and free of potentially harmful ingredients to check out the retinol moisturizer and all the UN Beauty skincare products go to unbeauty.com or click the link in the caption below textured implants are in general made to stick in place and that's why whenever you have a teardrop shaped implant that's typically made with a textured surface because you want that textured surface to basically stick in place to avoid a teardrop shaped implant from going upside down and looking like an upside down teardrop and so tear drop shape implants are always made with a textured shell smooth implants are typically in a rounder type of an appearance so you have the option but between smooth and textured I do not recommend textured implants anymore okay there is a rare type of cancer called alcl anaplastic large cell lymphoma that occurs with textured implants now currently there's only about 500 cases worldwide which that's still 500 I say only but that's a relatively low number when you're considering hundreds of thousands if not millions of women who have these implants but still one case of cancer is too many when you're talking about breast implants and because of this risk of anaplastic large cell lymphoma this brand of implant this is a nutrel biocell texture implant has actually been taken off the market it is not available but there are two other brands that do have very similar implants like this sientra and Mentor that still have their textured implants available those implants do have a lower risk of alcl than the natural implants okay but that risk is still there and for that reason I I do not recommend any textured implants anymore I don't use them anymore luckily I rarely use them earlier in my practice before we knew that they were that they had this risk of cancer and so I'm very happy because I honestly never liked how these felt anyway okay they tend to stick to the tissues they feel firmer not quite as natural so anyways this is not the type of implant I recommend anymore some of them have been taken off the market in rare cases I think if you've got a certain type of complication from your implant then use of one of these may be worth the risks but in my practice I basically never use them so if I never use those so right now what you're saying then is wait a minute so the ideal implant is off the market you don't recommend any of the textured implants what do you have as an option well you do have the smooth silicone implants and these come in different sizes and shapes okay they come in very small all the way up to 800 CC's which is quite large but they also come in different shapes so you can get these types of implants that are in a relatively low profile and this basically is a implant that doesn't project a lot you can see it looks very discus shaped but you can also get them in the opposite of that where the implant is very round and projecting and you can see there's a very big difference between these two implants uh why would then you choose an implant that is flatter and wider versus one that is rounder well if you've got a wider chest and you're looking for a softer enhancement one that doesn't look as obviously done then you may choose an implant with a lower profile if you however are looking for a rounder look if you like that kind of round appearance then and especially if you're really narrow chested then a higher profile implant may give you more of the result that you're looking for and so there are implants that are once again kind of flat there's ones that are fairly round and they have ones that are kind of in the middle as well and this is something that your plastic surgeon should definitely discuss with you so to put this all together when you're looking at choosing breast implants there are not as many options today as there used to be literally a week and a half ago and what I encourage my patients right now to choose between is to choose between a smooth saline implant if you like the idea of knowing whether your implant is broken or not then saline gives you that benefit but the negative with these types of implants is they just don't look and feel quite as natural as silicone if you choose silicone then I recommend my patients choose a smooth silicone implant like any of these okay and then we can look at different sizes and profile shapes that will match your body and give you the result that you're looking for and finally I no longer recommend using the any type of a textured implant some of them once can have been taken off the market and tear down my cheek the ideal implant is kaput it is no more well there is so much more to know about breast implants if you are considering breast implant surgery or if you've had breast implant surgery in the past and I recently made a video about 10 breast secrets that you need to know and this includes a little more information about cancer and breast implants it includes the breast implant type that causes your breasts to never stop growing yes literally never stop growing and a whole lot more take a peek of that video right up here and you will find it hopefully very enlightening and remember eat real food use Clean Skin Care and auto juvenate before you operate

  Top Comments:
  1. @darrenlevy6656 [5 likes]: Do you have any information on BLite breast implants made in Germany.  Apparently they are 30% lighter in weight, more natural feel and last longer due to less drooping.  Only problem they are not FDA approved in USA.
  2. @bonnevillegenevieve3881 [5 likes]: He didn’t talk about Motiva Ergonomix nor B-Lite implants…
  3. @5050TM [4 likes]: You gave such a phenomenal option and then said it's no longer manufactured 😔😔😔
  4. @lauraball4100 [4 likes]: Hi Dr. Youn, my surgeon wants to use a slightly textured implant because I’m 39 and he mentioned there can be risk of the implant moving if smooth… Do you use smooth round silicone implants for patients in their 40-60’s? Thank you!
  5. @nc2764 [3 likes]: Dr. Youn - PLEASE do a video about explanting ?  I had saline implants 20yrs ago and now regret.  They cause discomfort and sometimes pain (NOT BII) ~ not to mention the unsightly rippling.  Thx
  6. @amracingent [3 likes]: At the end, 7 negative side on Under muscles, versus 2 on over muscles.. This is the 2022 results
  7. @bonnevillegenevieve3881 [3 likes]: Saline implants are like dinosaurs, can’t believe it still exists!
  8. @olivearodriguez9603 [2 likes]: What do you think of breast augmentation and hypothyroidism? I’m scared of implants all together I want fat grafts because there “permanent and I wouldn’t have to remove and redo or run into the traditional complications of breast augmentation.
  9. @SolidFreeLoader [2 likes]: What's up doc...

Is there a life span for breast implants once in the human body???

Should a person have them replace every ten years???
  10. @TheFifyfo [2 likes]: I have a question. Why aren't saline implants reccommended to double mastectomy patients ? I have silicone, in my country South Africa, saline is no longer available and I have excruciating pain in the winter or cold days when my core temp drops and my implants remain cold , my nipples and across to my sternum are in such pain.
  11. @yazminricitos1125 [1 likes]: If I already experience many of the BII symtoms can i still get implants ?
  12. @skvullxx [1 likes]: I have a genuine questions because I can’t find information about it and im curious if a person with diabetes can get a breast surgery?
  13. @julielarge6120 [1 likes]: I had to have 2 removed. BII. Tissues expander problems as well.
  14. @beverley1539 [1 likes]: Hiya question please, how long do saline implants last? Also should you have regular checkups re Thankyou.
  15. @RobynGermaine: My saline implants are 24 years old and I was thinking I should probably get them swapped out even though I have no problems with them at all they still look fantastic and they are under the muscle I’m worried because will I find a product that will last me another 25 years which will take me to the end of my life I’m worried about an implant that’s only been approved for one year in the United States the Motiva but I’m glad they’re still saline ones available. Decision decisions decision decisions. I’m in no hurry but I will probably swap them out in the next few years
  16. @ivygrannum5556: What about Gel implant?
  17. @lisacreason: Are any of those gummy bear kind? And what are your thoughts on that?
  18. @healing-cats: Breast implantations should be banned!!
  19. @BárbaraCortês-w3m: In Brazil we don't have the option of smothe ones.
  20. @recehan8586: Team sebbin

- Teen Gets Breast Implants to Start Freshman Year of College: Kind: captions Language: en something is troubling this pretty teen as she's about to enter her freshman year at college I don't feel confident Aaron Dini Valencia says she's self-conscious about her small a-cup breast size one of the things that I hate about being you know flat chested is um when I watch little dresses like this like I just wish I had like cleavage when the teen from Los Angeles goes out she always covers up and she cringes while wearing bathing suits in public four-years Erin Dini says she's been begging her mom Monica for breast implants mom was reluctant until finally relented now when I kept bringing it up more and I explained to her why she was more on board Orange County plastic surgeon dr. burr von Maur says he doesn't see it as an ethical issue as long as the teen and her parents know exactly what they're getting into as long as she understands everything and everything has explained her it's totally safe I prefer them to be 18 years old or older on the day of the surgery Erin Dean II can hardly contain her excitement I'm gonna be like a brand-new person as soon as I walk out her mom gives her a good-luck kiss and she's off to the oh are the procedure takes just one hour the doctor says it went great a month later this teen can't wait to show off her new shape thrilled to try on new clothes here she is before and here she is after surgery it's a dramatic difference her mom approves and so does Erin Dini she says she's really looking forward to college now that she has the confidence she's always wanted I feel really good really happy [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @arnavjain. [2 likes]: ts if wrong with these woke teens
  2. @plutus205 [2 likes]: She is looking for that D
  3. @FinnJeremiah-y2z: Fair enough.
  4. @shriprakash9556: Mom tomorrow I am going to school

Mom - what you need pen or book 

Boobs
  5. @mrsdoubtfire534: Silly girls
  6. @drastguy: The best solution is man money enter into woman to enlarge boobs
  7. @crunchyblend8809: She was a virgin wanting that D in her so bad.
  8. @Jrockkkkk: Well she definitely got ran through
  9. @Hameswashingchannel125: sometimes we can be born with breast being splitted a little.
  10. @avpfreak12: The chick clearly is lacking something in life. That "happiness" doesnt last forever. Its not the root cause.
  11. @vaughanhoward5951: She definitely looks WAY WAY better after!! Guys will definitely like her more!!!
  12. @JoshuaToney-f5f: It seems like she cared about he body in highschool n middle school and elementary if she didn't she would have done that not saying it's right
  13. @JoshuaToney-f5f: She better be careful I not saying I want it to happen I hope I doesn't but what if a rapist would see this n rape her
  14. @inetivable: Remove nipples from boobs no matter what the size it will loose it's appeal .... 
Nipples are important ...
Till the time you have nipples (the part with more nerve connections and sensitive) you know you have boobs... Otherwise it's all skin
  15. @Sri-v2r: How sick...where people should make their careers by working hard day and nigjt to make ends meet. In this age they are fixated on damn looks. That looks one day just become ash..
  16. @Stubbs-u8v: Is it just me or is this sad?
  17. @marshahansen2109: I was late 30s when got mine wish did a lot earlier love them
  18. @mrawsome40: all the boys in collage also approve
  19. @lisa-pc5ns: And after men looking at her pairs , she will start complaining " Men are Pervy !! " Poh-Uh
  20. @dakerplays6: Akoa agymii

- 15-Minute Boob Job: Revolutionary Injectable Implants Hit the UK | This Morning: Kind: captions Language: en most popular cosmetic procedures in the world but there's now a groundbreaking new way to get a boob job as the first ever injectable implants have arrived in the UK yeah taking just 50 minutes in requiring no General anesthetics some experts are claiming that the procedure is the future of breast Aesthetics but just how good is it well we are now joined by Dr Adrien Richard one of the first surgeons in the UK to offer the procedure alongside Erin Alexander who underwent the surgery just two weeks ago a massive good morning to you both lovely to meet you um dror I I need to ask you this Adrien how is this procedure so different from the traditional breast implant because we were discussing this yesterday after the show when you think of breast augmentation you think you know full on surgery full on this a 15minute boob job well it's not quite 15 minutes is it Erin a little bit longer little bit long so Erin had the procedure how long ago Erin 13 days ago 13 days and how do you feel Erin I mean you've had this procedure 13 13 days ago but in normal like breast procedures and normal breast implant procedures the recovery is about is it 6 to 8 weeks Adrian right okay you're back exercising now aren't you yeah I honestly I was up walking the next day like doing some gentle exercising within a couple of days the downtime was pretty minimal well look we're going to actually see your before and after so this is you on the left obviously before the augmentation and this is you on the right post so what is it because obviously when we think of breast augmentation we think the full on surgery implants going in and stuff like that but this is more of an injectable should we show you how it's done I would love to how it's done so Erin yes so when you mind lifting your uh can I have my yeah what one do you want this one please you want that one I've got all the devices here so this is what we call the balloon dissector so there'll be lots of local anesthetic in so Erin will be completely numb bit like you when you go to the dentist you can't feel anything yeah you can feel movement and then I make a little incision just behind her PEC her PEC major see that muscle there yeah uh that's the incision there and then we make a little tunnel through and CU there lots of fluid in there so all this goes in yeah you go through in there yeah okay and the next stage is you have to blow up your balloon and one you inflate plant three four that's there in right then you leave it yeah a little bit to say everything relaxes all the tissue relaxes then guess what you do next fill it no oh it it oh oh so you make an air pocket yeah right then you uh you got to get that on there that's a bit tricky sometimes and then you deflate it take it out and then pass me the next uh I've I've got this instrument you're right Erin made your arms not too soft and then the implant which is diamond shaped is uh already in here so it's in the tube already you suck it you put it in there yeah and you suck it in and then you have to to click it so it's almost like a vacuum pull exactly R exactly and then this is the first time this is the first ever injectable implant ever uh and the UK is leading it and I'm the only surgeon in the country yeah doing it at the moment anyway right so you go in and then you go down and very importantly there's a special Point here where we have to uh leave the injector release in it goes out so up it that's it and that's is it and how many how many cup sizes can you go up doing that then Erin so I've probably gone from a b a small B it to uh C to D wow and obviously they're still settling so I'm not 100% sure on the size yet but there's definitely fullness and volume that I never had before and Erin you you know you didn't want you know normal breast surgery where you go so normal breast surgery it works by going under in the crease underneath that's right Jos which can leave you with scars you know yeah you would always have a scar yeah okay and you you you did you it put you off cuz you didn't want those scars yeah I I never really wanted to feel like I'd had anything done and obviously the scarring was like a ma major drawback for me the downtime and then when I found out about Mia and you know like minimal down time like no scarring on the breast tissue at all it it just sort of ticked all those boxes that put me off having a traditional procedure and the other thing is we actually visualize how you're going to be like you used our adoral 3D software didn't you yeah so everyone's sort of asking like do they look like how you wanted them to look that's what I'd be concerned about exactly right but because I got to use the the 3D imaging software through the adoral platform I was able to sort of simulate what I was going to look like so I look like how I looked when I sort of done the 3D images so it hasn't been a surprise I knew exactly what I was going to get and that was also one of the problems I I didn't want to look unnatural I just wanted something that looked like me and gave Vol gave me the body that I always felt like I wanted I was always like quite small and I just didn't really feel like I was in proportion and now I just feel like I've got the breast that I always want Happ we we said at the top obviously we keep calling it a 15minute boob job in reality how long does that physically take you to do AG so you so just say ER Erin is one of the first ones in the UK to have the operation you tell us about how it was for you so I think all in all it was you know from going in like having all the anesthetic done having the procedure coming up to recovery it was probably 45 minutes or something like all in all but the procedure itself I I I was awake I was chatting my way through ited all the way through it probably wasn't wasn't a huge amount of time more than 15 minutes actually put them in that's ridiculous Adrian not everybody can have this procedure can they no no so what what are the what are the limitations on this no so so you can't so so limit limitations are it's a relatively small breast augmentation so you go up you've gone up from a Erin like a b to a c d couple so a couple of sizes they're they're small specially designed implants um to just have a very natural but noticeable augmentation so if people want to go very big they're not really suitable you said there were five there a number of things that you took your boxes about the mere procedure so it's Mia minimal invas invasive augmentation it yeah you said it right you say minimally invasive augment well it is minimally inv we can see that and but one one thing I'd be king to know obviously and it's it always seem a bit crashed to talk about money but when it comes down to the money side of stuff the the money isn't dissimilar to going for an average breast augmentation is it yeah I think it's similar actually I mean it's essentially putting a new type of implant in with new technology and the great thing is that you know we're leading the way with the new technology all surgery is going minimum invasive and we're really we we're delighted to you know bring it to the UK and Erin eron's a busy mom of two you've got a full-time job hav't you and you just wanted natural yeah and that's do you think this is a future Adrian do you think yeah I think to be honest I've been I've been in plastic surgery surgeon for 30 years and I think this is a real sort of Game Changer plastic surgery it looks it I mean caring is so unin so minimal you know when you see something that's so good and so good for patients you just can't resist it just the thought of having that and you get a little Diamond as well the thought of having a breast orentation under local frightens me so much how did it physically feel when you were laying there having it done chatting away honestly I really couldn't feel anything a little bit of prodding and pulling but like no discomfort like nothing at all I was genuinely so excited to go and get it done i' I'd been really ready to have this like in my life a procedure of some sort you know just to make me feel more confident more comfortable confident in myself so I I was really excited and it wasn't painful nothing well in a in a non strange way you look great you look amazing and congratulations to you a for would like to stress it is a medical procedure and you know it's you know we need to take the normal sort of precautions and risks and things not to be taken lightly you know surgery is a big thing and it's a big toll on your body so it's a big decision as well it's a big decision so so yeah it really is so that's why we like to people to understand we have all in on the adoral platform you can see all your notes can't you you can see you see everything you can see all your photos everything's there thank you thank you so much for coming and Sh congrats thank you for visiting our this morning YouTube channel now we upload new content every day so go ahead and hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out and we' see you in the morning

  Top Comments:
  1. @bonniewallis7309 [25 likes]: Didn't discuss removal, longevity or potential complications! Yes shes happy now but shes bound to need to go under the knife in future!
  2. @lucylucy6174 [23 likes]: Does anyone else find this a bit sinister?
  3. @kerryannehogg6009 [11 likes]: This surgeon comes across as a bit creepy.
  4. @erinlouiseruth [9 likes]: Almost 6 weeks post my Mia Procedure and so incredibly happy with my results! ⭐️
  5. @TheGingerButterfly [8 likes]: The fact that you can increase the size of your bust quicker than you can make a saucepan of stew is concerning.

Surely I can't be the only person disturbed by this latest reality.🦋
  6. @Loes-kk7zn [8 likes]: Such a nice advertisement for this doctor. He let Erin talk like a puppeteer.
  7. @His1andOnly0620 [4 likes]: It’s still a freaking implant 😂
  8. @Zeetkt [4 likes]: Is this dude made by AI ? D:
  9. @c.b.3608 [3 likes]: That does not look like c or d cup!
  10. @malachy9400 [3 likes]: Always amazes me the way girls are willing to risk comllications to their health in order to try to look better.
  11. @courtneyshaw7578 [2 likes]: 4:49 why did he touch her hair 😳
  12. @Vic-j9p [1 likes]: Wonder what it would be like later on in life 🤔 😕
  13. @lewchishelltaya5745 [1 likes]: No no, she was an A now she's a B
  14. @crochet8172 [1 likes]: Yeh like the fillers that can seep into your lymph nodes, stop having these Frankenstein procedures ladies, they are destroying you.
  15. @hayleyzion9218: I’ve just researched it and the cost of this procedure is between £10.000- £12.000 that’s crazy!
  16. @gracerose4537: Why isn’t it approved in US then?
  17. @adriana-jn8ru: Toxic nightmare!!!!
  18. @Edenxoxo13: Seems like a Mickey Mouse back alley implant. What type of implant even is that. This is literally insane.
  19. @JasMcKenzie: Implants look ridiculous. Don't do it.
  20. @lindaWalters-n1i: And when something goes wrong and they are transported to hospital in an ambulance and jump the queue in front of cancer patients

- Breast Augmentation Video Review - Military Wife Shares Her Story.  Hawaii Plastic Surgery: Kind: captions Language: en From the beginning, he was like, "I love you the way you are. You don't need to do anything to yourself." And I'm like, "But you know, this isn't about you. It's about me and what I think that I need." And he is so thrilled with the outcome. And when he got home from deployment, he could not wait to come in here and shake Dr. Slesinger's hand and meet him personally. It went fantastic and way too long. When I had my daughters, pretty much everything got really stretched out and I was really disappointed and kind of embarrassed of my body afterwards. But I was so grateful to have my children that I almost felt guilty for feeling that way about my body. We came and met Dr. S. and I knew from the first second I walked in with him that he was the one I wanted to do my surgery. And I felt like he understood where I was coming from as a person and not just another patient or more money to come in. I felt like I had a 100,000% knowledge of what I was getting into, what could happen, what can happen. We talked about my recovery because that was a big issue is would I be able to do this while my husband was deployed and I was. One friend watched the children and the other friend took helped a little bit take care of me. I was overwhelmed with joy. I was like, "Oh my gosh, I have boobs." And and I was so excited. He gave me that hope. He gave me the the realistic expectations um of everything I ever wanted. And my outcome is so far above and beyond what I ever expected. I just wanted to feel the way that I truly believe and know that I am on the inside. And I'm so grateful. I could never repay him with how grateful I am. Takes a village, but it's so worth it. [Music]

- How Long Does Recovery Take For A Breast Augmentation? | Breast Implant Recovery Guide: Kind: captions Language: en hi dr ryozaga here at harley clinic on harley street i want to talk to you about recovery from breast augmentation recovery is a very important part of my conversation with patients in the consultation and often send the material beforehand to read from the website after a breast augmentation a lady will be in her supportive bra which she'll be wearing for six weeks so that bra helps to support the breasts as they recover and as they heal and helps to support them through the swelling the swelling is the major thing that you get after breast augmentation is so it's a guarantee that you will get swelling really like with any operation it's a body's reaction to trauma swelling tends to last a few weeks it's variable between different people that depends on their genetics and their skin quality and how much how big the implant is and so on as to how much swelling they get how much of a stretch they're getting so it's variable but it does last a few weeks that gradually tapers down in terms of pain i've found that most people have pain for about the first three or four days after that they're pretty much on paracetamol or nothing swelling takes a few weeks the garment that you wear is for six weeks they tend to see a nurse or myself at one week afterwards and tend to see myself at six weeks and then three months and six months after that so these are the sort of time periods at which i review patients we go over pain and garments and swelling and all of these issues in terms of the wounds they take about one to two weeks to heal most people are healed about the one week mark 10 day mark some people may need two weeks to fully heal up and be solid at one week you'll typically change the dressing and then at two weeks all dressings off and silicone tape will be going on i advise all patients to avoid uv light onto the scars to help make them the best that they can be the other thing is about how to sleep patients should be sleeping with their head up on two or three pillows have a pillow either side what you don't want to do after breast augmentation is to be sleeping on your chest you do not want to be doing that when sleeping you need to still wear the supportive bra and that's going to be for six weeks total anyway in addition i want to talk about exercise you can't be doing jogging or heavy lifting or any kind of major exercise in the six week period that you're wearing the garment for the reason is that the implants could move you could put tension on the wounds they could affect their healing you could get a a male placement especially if they're placed underneath the muscle so i think that it's really important that the main thing that you're going to be doing is walking walking on the flat for that period of time get through that that four to six week period and then after that gently start exercise and gradually pick up from there in terms of showering you can shower when you're ready i tend to use waterproof dressings for my operations because i know that people do want to have a shower so they can shower when they feel able to and when they're ready that may be the day after the procedure that may be the the day after that so shower when ready waterproof dressings and spares are usually provided to the patients one thing they shouldn't do of course is bath because you can just literally lift off those dressings so showering though is okay as soon as the patient's ready

  Top Comments:
  1. @456zounds [2 likes]: Seems to be good advice!! --Dr. T.C.Halle
  2. @karate_girl_ibiza [1 likes]: Ive had explant, lift and armpit lift . It was three weeks ago but i still feel exhausted and sleep a lot..
  3. @peacelovejoyandhappiness [1 likes]: What’s the average cost today July 2025 for a breast lift with gummy implants? Thank you.
  4. @louisjinhui278 [1 likes]: Hey Yo! Sounds good too blockbuster grade Uploads Cool! Marvellous. nice ending, nice touch!
  5. @Wealth339 [1 likes]: Hey doctor do you recommend breast implants( mentor) if I have scoliosis?
  6. @RoshinPatelRoshinPatel: Hi doctor thanks for the video, I want to ask you something cause I’m very worried I bought breast enhancement  and the woman told me that it’s going to take three weeks to see results now the Medicean are over I asked her en she told me maybe I have to use two tins cause of my homonym’s 😢😢😢😢

- How Can You Avoid Getting Too Big of a Boob Job?: Kind: captions Language: en a good outcome with breast implants requires I think a few visits with your plastic surgeon they'll evaluate their bodies they'll measure them and they'll see what implants really are able to be put in them there are a lot of implants that are available to us the difference initially is saline versus silicone most of my patients have a silicone breast implants and down that pathway there are so many options whether they're shaped or round smooth or textured the diameter the projection there's so many different options all of which are safe and once you can decide what implants are on the table and the option for you you can talk about the best outcome my patients mostly one in natural-looking breasts and that is a full breast that is harmonious with the rest of your body that your breasts don't enter the room before you do but you have a nice curve in a nice shape to your upper chest we're really able to fine-tune the right implant and put it in the right patient and have the best outcome [Music]

- Breast Implants VS Fat Transfer - Are You A Candidate?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] everybody's stuck to beer and we're here in Beverly Hills I want to answer a common question I get a lot and that is do I need an implant can I get my implants out my breast implants that is and can I get fat transfer instead so I want to tell you a little bit about who is a good candidate to make that happen so I get a lot of people they come in they've been to other doctors and they went way way big on their implants okay like this for example is six hundred CCS if you put a 600 CC implant on a very small framed person you're gonna have problems over time okay so you guys know a lot about some of my patients I've done this previously in the past where I've taken out the implant I've done some very careful liposuction with very specialized Kanyon was to get out tiny droplets of fat and then replace that lost volume with fat that sounds amazing right it's like your own body's natural implant why do we need silicone implants well it doesn't work all the time the people that it works for really well are people that have a little bit of fat to do the fat grafting with so if we're taking out a huge implant you have to expect to have enough volume of fat to replace that equivalent volume in an implant not only that but you're not going to get as much of a pronounced look with fat as you will with an implant of an implant is extremely reliable in terms of its shape form and projection fat grafting we don't actually know what it's gonna look like depends on your body's resorption rate we know that we lose about 30 to 50 percent of fat that we graft to the breast so I get a lot of patients that look great right away and they're super super happy but I have to prepare them hey that's gonna droop that's gonna set not really sag but it's gonna decrease in its projection and its volume over time that typically happens at about three months once we hit that three more three-month mark you're pretty much good to go so if you are having implant problems if your implants are way too big for you and they're causing you problems they're just they're hanging way off your body they don't match your body these are all possible things that might lead you to want to get this procedure done so if you think you might be a good candidate and you want to learn more about it check out my website breasts by Barrett calm or feel free to leave your comment questions feedback right here on my new YouTube page and don't forget to subscribe thank you guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @MinnieOnCam [4 likes]: I'm 38 soon, I've gained weight due to medication side effects for bipolar disorder over time I lost some weight over 10 years. My breast are large D/E cup (left) medium C/D cup (right) but I'm very asymmetrical I don't fit well in clothes or bras it bothers me and I hate shopping because of it.

I am hoping a fat transfer will correct some asymmetry hoping I will enjoy shopping after surgery. Right now I'm in the research phase, I don't want implants I think it will trigger my multiple sclerosis symptoms.  Your videos have been helpful.  I'm in Canada so I've been looking for a surgeon here before I think about travelling for surgery, 

All things I've said I would say on my youtube channel.  When I was younger my mother suggested I wait until I am older back then I wanted implants now I am older, I just want to keep my body as natural as possible living with multiple sclerosis is not fun and having bipolar disorder keep things interesting.
  2. @davinalloydbond [3 likes]: What about doing the fat grafting instead of implants? I have a significant amount of fat on my stomach that I want to have transferred to my breasts. I am not a fan of implants because they look like someone cut a basketball in half and stuck the two halves on the chest.
  3. @adamuibrahim3349 [2 likes]: Having you as a trusted Dr was a super blessing in my life because you did what no other Dr could do,I nearly thought it was the end but you Brought out a situation with your herbal supplement thank you #doctorogie 💛
  4. @Corrans [1 likes]: Can you redo the fat grafting later again?
  5. @protoborg [1 likes]: I'm transgender, specifically genderfluid.  I live in a male body but want breasts.  I have a noticeable gut; somewhere around 60-70 extra pounds over my ideal weight.  If I want to get DDs, would fat transplant be a viable option and would I have enough to get the result I want even after the reabsorption of some of the fat?  I look about 6-7 months pregnant at this point so...
  6. @SirenSirenKaninis [1 likes]: I have a question, if I have uneven breasts but its not a big difference. Could I transfer a bit of fat to that breast? In a smaller valume like 70cc/60cc? Would it hold? My bigger breast is already a little dropier so the fat wheing it down is not a problem for me
  7. @tmac2798: My wife had implants then a year later add more fat around them to make them even bigger. Ladies get implants don’t waste time with just fat transfer!
  8. @valeriedhodson3014: Thank you
  9. @iwuverzyou1: So bmi needs to be under 32. But you also needs to have extra fat in order to do a transfer. Is this bmi thing lenient? Im short so my bmi is a bit off. How do you test if someone is too overweight for surgery?
  10. @griseldaguerrero7199: Will a very larger volume of fat transfer be a better chance for the adipose survive? Just like those women who get enormous amounts of fat in their butt during their bbl and it survives. Im not a fan of getting the breast implants redone every 10 years, its too much money and surgery 😢
  11. @Psyc6o: Why don't you put the fat In a sack like the implant so it holds shape
  12. @ExpressionsofAwakening: Do you need breast tissue to inject the fat into? I had a phylodes tumor removed with a margin around it so the upper corner of my breast has no breast tissue. Will the fat be able to find blood supply and survive in that area if no tissue is present? thanks
  13. @angeljohnson234: Could this procedure be used to correct a severe form of tuberous breast deformity? I have very dense breast, so I am at a higher risk of breast cancer. I have never had (and do not want) an implant but I would like to fix the deformity, even if that means little to no increase in size. Thanks.
  14. @sweet_sanguine: What about if you have dense breast tissue? Is fat transfer still possible?
  15. @Lizmanson995: I had 500cc in both breasts, my God did I regret it. It was hurting my back so much I ended up in A&E one night cos of the back pain. I’ve now had the implants removed.
  16. @aquamarinedream8304: I have breast asymmetry, one is a C cup the other a large D cup. Would you recommend an implant or fat transfer?
  17. @Wealth339: Are mentor implants good ? Why do some people say they got sick?
  18. @Ebizzill: I want to go from flat chested to filling out at least a B cup... or aaaaaalmost touching it... I wonder this is for me.. I got thunder thighs the fat can come from there
  19. @zilverheart: price difference?
  20. @sinentethelelo: God put a 600cc on me. But it's now sagging

- What to Expect During Your Breast Augmentation Recovery: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi this is dr tom mcfadden of advanced cosmetic surgery we're here in greenville south carolina we do the full gamut of surgical and non-surgical cosmetic procedures here and let's see what video topic we're going to cover today hey everybody i'm dr peter felice with advanced cosmetic surgery here to talk to you a little bit today about breast augmentation recovery breast augmentation surgery is one of the most common surgeries that we perform here at advanced cosmetic surgery and one of the things that's special about the way that i do this procedure is all my patients undergo what's called the rapid recovery program for breast augmentation so what exactly does that mean basically with the rapid recovery program for breast augmentation it's designed to get patients back to their normal activity back to their activities of daily life and start feeling better faster after they have their procedure basically it's a couple different things that we do to make this happen number one there's a combination of medications that you'll receive before during and after the operation all designed to make you feel better without the use of narcotic pain medication so you avoid the feeling of dizziness lightheadedness just a foggy feeling you can be you quicker and start in that recovery process faster the other thing that we do is when we're actually placing the implant during the operative process there's a specific technique that i use for the surgery and the implant placement basically to minimize trauma to the tissue so it doesn't cause post-operative discomfort after the fact lastly the same day of surgery you're actually going to be doing some range of motion exercises to help loosen up the muscle and position the implant exactly where we want it to be to give you just a fantastic result that's not going to compromise your range of motion or your muscle strength after the operation so after your breast augmentation you're going to be up and walking the same day as your surgery and as part of our rapid recovery program we're going to be giving you some exercises and range of motion activities just to make sure that the muscles are very relaxed and the implant is sitting exactly where we want it to be patients are up and doing their normal day-to-day activities starting from the same day as surgery within two weeks i like my patients to lift no more than about 15 to 20 pounds and not do any over exertional strenuous or cardiovascular activity but starting around three to four weeks after the operation most of my patients are back to full range of motion full lifting full cardiovascular activity and most patients are back to feeling like before they even had their operation at about the same time anywhere from a month to two months after the operation so lots of patients this is a wonderful option so they can feel like they're getting back to the things that they like to do for their physical activities for their day-to-day life activities you're still able to pick up your children and play with your kids and your family and feel like a normal person all while recovering from a great procedure so we have you looking and feeling your best so for more content like this please follow our channel give us a like and any questions that you have about procedures recovery or anything that you'd like to hear us talk about let us know looking forward to hearing from you soon you

  Top Comments:
  1. @edgartokman4898 [3 likes]: Perfect choice for transwomen too
  2. @peacelovejoyandhappiness [1 likes]: What’s the average cost today July 2025 for a breast lift with gummy implants? Thank you.

- How Old is Too Old For Breast Implants? David Reath Knoxville Plastic Surgeon: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everybody. I'm Dr. David Reath and I'm here to talk about this week's Truth-O-Meter Tuesday question. Well it had to do with age and plastic surgery and sortof skirted around the issue of "Are you too old to have plastic surgery?" Which is an interesting question. I get asked that a lot. What we said if that if you're vover 65, you probably shouldn't have breast implants replaced. And I think for most people, the answer to that would be false for a number of reasons. First of all if somebody is healthy and does not have an history of untreated health problems plastic surgery, or any elective surgery for that matter, isn't really an issue of how old you are in terms of years, but how old you are physiologically. That is to say, if you're healthy, you're probably good to have plastic surgery or any other elective surgery regardless of your age. On the other hand, there are people that are in their 40's or 50's who have severe medical problems who should never consider having elective surgery. So for the first part of the answer, age is not really a consideration. Heath is. The second part The second part is whether somebody at that time of their life should have their breast implants replaced. I've had this discussion with a number of women who are exactly in that position. Frequently we will decide to replace the implants because they have lived with that body for quite a while the clothes fit her current chest size, she views herself in that regard and if you have a ruptured implant, you're going to have to take it out. You're going to have surgery anyway why not just replace it while you're there. and this helps people deal with this issue without having major changes in their body issues. So that's the reason why I'll frequently replace implants in someone who's older even though you might not think that who you might not think would be coming in for an initial consultation for breast implants. So, a little bit of a long answer but it's sortof an interesting question let's find out who this week's winner is. Liz Walden. Liz congratulations you're this week's winner. We have a one hundred dollar gift card for you so please pick that up. For everyone else we are going to be taking a bit of a break from Truth-O-Meter Tuesday

- Simone Biles Explains Why She Got a Breast Augmentation: Kind: captions Language: en Simone Biles is getting real about going under the knife. What size was your implants? 310 high profile extra filled silicone. They were to my neck and I did freak out and I did talk to my doctor and I was like, "Take them out. They need to be smaller." blah blah blah blah blah. But now they're perfect. For reference, I am 4'8" 105 lbs. The Olympian who opened up earlier this month about getting eyelid surgery and an earlobe procedure now says recovering from this surgery in June took her 2 weeks. Helping Simone heal, NFL star husband Jonathan Owens. Y'all lied. This hurts so bad. Everyone was like, "Oh my god, after my surgery, I was up and at the movies at the mall. I went shopping." Hell no. My recovery [music] was rough. The very first day like Jonathan had to lift me up out of bed. But to have him here and to support me, it means the world. With every plastic surgery, there is going to be a risk. And they look really good.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sewl385 [2 likes]: Why????? Another one bites the dust!!
  2. @saragulati50 [1 likes]: Kinda feel sorry for her. To be that accomplished and still want to change yourself. BTW her husband is creepy and grossly overestimates his value.  More changes coming no doubt.
  3. @josephrocha142 [1 likes]: Low self esteem!
  4. @Blessed_by_Marika [1 likes]: So she tells Riley Gains she looks manly and then goes and gets a boob job. Oh the irony
  5. @paulletchworth2036: Hey people if she wanted it for herself not for others , let her be happy with her choices 👍👍👍👍👍👍damn self righteous people
  6. @paulletchworth2036: They look really good , can only imagine 😊
  7. @zahararay5611: She looks great! 

But what is the eyelid surgery for? I usually think of Asians as the ones that do it. 

Regardless, she still looks like herself.
  8. @larapalma3744: Because you can pull way more men
  9. @SCHRUBBE1966: If she gets pregnant they have to be removed as well as all nipple or stomach piercings
  10. @majohn43: She's been a gymnast since a young age which affects female's breast development, so now that she's no longer so much involved like that, she may have simply wanted to gain what her hormones were unable to give her, which is a fuller breast size. At the end of the day, she has to look in the mirror and like what she sees.
  11. @Microarmor007: I don't think they make "extra filled" with silicone
  12. @erinues7._-: 100% did it for her husband.
Pathetic
  13. @synthonaplinth5980: Good for her. She's still cute as hell.
  14. @TheBlakelab: If she would have did her butt it might of threw her flip off. Lawd knows it wouldn’t of been amazing
  15. @GroveStreetCJ: https://youtu.be/RfwDV-P5iNM?si=SqTRlNRV7cCj1onj
  16. @Lukenukem8732: This is why I love white women beautiful natural feminine women
  17. @lilmamagc: i just hope she got the tear drop shape not those round ones
  18. @lilmamagc: well when you work out a lot as a woman sometimes you lose your chest fat. I just hope she has a healthy recovery and no complications later
  19. @LoveMj-m1f: Wow she’s 4’8
  20. @TamiaLaquishaJones2007: Cuz she was flat as a cardboard

- Alondra's Breast augmentation with Dr. Taneja -My Look: Plastic Surgery: Kind: captions Language: en hey babes welcome back to my channel I know it's been so long since I last uploaded it's been like a month since I last posted it and I'm so sorry you guys I just never know what to film or not of ideas really quick so I never know what to film for YouTube so if you have any suggestions please comment them down below it'll really help me out so today I want to talk about my breast augmentation today is my 4 months post-op and there has been a lot of changes so I want to talk about that and I want to give you guys tips if you guys are like thinking about getting a breast augmentation so this is how my boobs look like at 4 months they have dropped a lot so I don't know if I mentioned in my first breast augmentation video that I couldn't feel my right nipple it was like completely numb but it's not numb no more I I completely feel it another thing that I wanted to talk about our stretch marks and Lord Jesus I should have been prepared my boobs are like full of stretch marks and I'm so sad about it because before the breast augmentation I had no stretch marks but it's my fault because I didn't like apply cocoa butter or any like stretch mark cream I would never like moisturize them so obviously was the big implant it stretches your skin else so obviously you're gonna get rich works so if you do plan on getting a breast augmentation please and don't make the same mistake that I did and just moisturize your boobs cocoa butter is really good at preventing the stretch marks and I did ask my surgeon if they would go away and he said that they're gonna fade over time and I have been applying a cocoa butter to them and I don't see a difference yet it's only been a couple of weeks that I've been applying cocoa butter um I feel like they're getting worse okay so another tip that I have for you guys if you guys do plan on getting a breast augmentation is to always wear your surgical bra right after surgery because that's the mistake that I did like a few days after surgery I kept on going braless I was just wearing pasties because I was so excited and I would wear like low-cut shirts so obviously I didn't want to wear my surgical bra because the surgical bra makes your wings your boobs looks so ugly they make them look so pointy after surgery your implants need to be held in place and it also helps with the soiling without the bra your boobs are gonna get more swollen one of my books is higher than the other and I don't know if it had anything to do with me not wearing the surgical bra but one chopped up way faster than the other the one that had the hematoma winner which is this one um if you guys watched my first video it was the one that had that really nasty bruise this one after they drained me it completely dropped and this one was like up here so they were like this and for a while I wasn't wearing like open um open shirts because I was so embarrassed they look so funny so I would just wear like sweaters I think they're the same no actually well for a while this one I wouldn't want to jump at all I don't know why and I would always do those breast massages and I would never see a difference but I feel like until now I seen difference so yeah you guys just have to be patient with the dropping I'm fluffy I feel like now they're dropped and fluffed and I really like how they look okay so another thing is that um it is true when surgeons say go bigger than what you want because once the swelling goes down you're gonna be disappointed because you get so used to how your boobs look like solon and you start to like fall in love with them then the swelling goes down and you just disappointed because when I first got my breasts done and they were really stolen and I loved the size now that the Saline went on I kind of wish I went a little bit bigger I got three hundred and sixty cc's I wish I would have gone like 400 CCS I went from a 32a to a 32d with 360 cc's another question that I do get asked a lot is who my surgeon is and I went to dr. Tunisia he's located in Newport Beach and he also has an office in Pasadena so if you guys go to him and tell him that I sent you is I have more tips for you guys well I was recovering I drank our nicotine and I took arnica pills those are really helpful before the bruising and the soiling it helps um the bruising go down and it helps with pain as well I have more tips three days while I was recovering I drank arnica tea and I took arnica pills so it's are really helpful for the bruising and the soiling it helps um the brucine go down and it helps with pain as well so yeah drink our nicotine and take the arnica tablets now about the arnica pomade and I would apply it to like any swelling or bruising would have really helped the bruising go down and for those of you wondering I got high profile and they are saline this is how my boobs look like with this top on with it these type of tops your boobs are going to look a little bit more fake [Music] that is it for today's video hope you guys enjoyed it and I hope you guys found this helpful don't forget to comment like and subscribe also don't forget to turn on your post notifications so you guys can notified every time I upload a new video I'll see you guys in my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @Chantallgarza [51 likes]: Lol her teeth looked so cute before
  2. @raquelarteaga2308 [26 likes]: Mederma works for stretch marks and scarring, you can get it at your local pharmacy.
  3. @mslovely9572 [25 likes]: Who did her butt???????
  4. @beautifulmendez4679 [21 likes]: She talks different now
  5. @Raayycheel [16 likes]: Can’t wait for my consultation with Dr Taneja 🙌🏼
  6. @milliejimenez5107 [5 likes]: Was it over or under the muscle ?
  7. @AngelGarcia-pu3nu [5 likes]: Alo is bad asf I would clap🤣
  8. @anagodinez7533 [5 likes]: They look great!!
  9. @johanasosa9717 [4 likes]: I got 400cc and mine don’t even look near as big as yours 😢
  10. @inoosmakeup9100 [4 likes]: Was this procedure done with her being awake?
  11. @Nuveonthenuves [3 likes]: They look AMAZING!!!!
  12. @Lucy-uk3gt [2 likes]: We’re these implants placed under or over the muscle? Thanks!
  13. @alexandradiosdado1472 [1 likes]: Did she say 360CC Saline ?
  14. @orozcofamily9951 [1 likes]: Omg her teeth look way better now n wow she had small boobs but hey u got the money to make changes u don’t like about yourself hey why not🙌🙌🙌🙌
  15. @dciam6: what was the cost ?
  16. @sauna_xo: Bio oil is the BEST thing for stretch marks
  17. @heyhey5368: What size are they?? Ccs?
  18. @heyhey5368: How many CCs?
  19. @heyhey5368: What size CC did you get and what bra size are you now?
  20. @certifiedamazingx3: Butt hips teeth lips boobs done no wonder why these girls look perfect wonder what they looked like before all of this

- 24-Hour Boob Job: Temporary Breast Enhancement and Potential Risks Explained: Kind: captions Language: en the 24-hour boob job is it real yeah it is I mean I have to laugh about it it is I mean the things that people do and really disappointing things that some medical professionals will do for money what can I say it's really really unfortunate that um that medical professionals are doing that for money but um the whole idea of it is is that you want to look a little bit Fuller the for that night out so you go see this person who gives you this 24-hour boo job and what they're doing is basically pumping your soft tissue of your breast full of water so it's typically I would expect it wouldn't hurt very much it was you put some uh put a little local anesthesia into the skin and you put in you know a needle with um attached to a catheter with some saline and you fill up the soft tissue the breast and it's gonna I guess essentially feel like you're you're uh you're engorgeous with milk and so your breasts will be very very full because it's full of water so you get this incredible soft tissue enhancement you might you probably get a little more cleavage a lot more fullness and your breasts will be tight and firm and so it's not going to be permanent it'll probably last less than 24 hours Beyond honest that if if that but I guess you get the desired effect I don't understand the purpose of it and I it's kind of shocked me people are interested in doing that I think similar results could probably happen with just a great push-up bra and reality but you know it it never shocks me what um some women will do for for the value of I guess Beauty but um you know it's something that you're not going to find typically for most sponsor surgeons so make sure if you're interested in doing that you know there's someone who will be just make sure your your provider is uh has your safety in mind and you know putting a needle into a vessel the breast would be extremely bad so just be uh be cautious of that and understand the limitations what you should expect it's not going to be permanent so anyway interesting topic hope you learned something and stay tuned for more [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Willmonday86 [1 likes]: Your kindness has show you have a good heart Dr Obulor on Youtube, your herbal medicine enlarged my breast to my desire size. I am grateful doc you are amazing...
  2. @Willmonday86 [1 likes]: Your kindness has show you have a good heart Dr Obulor on Youtube, your herbal medicine enlarged my breast to my desire size. I am grateful doc you are amazing...
  3. @mariav5113 [1 likes]: That’s really silly. Thank you for your honest opinion
  4. @ReginaRed-bb3ih: LOL, watching how they grew one cup in less than a month was admittedly surprising, I used what I talked about the other day, and well it actually took about 6 weeks for them to totally grow by two cups, I just go’ogled Mika Klopsworth's Breast Guide and now the looks I get are so worth it.

- Explants: Meet Several Ladies Who Have had Their Implants Removed: Kind: captions Language: en Well obviously so many people have been affected by this. Real Housewife of Beverly Hills alumnus Eden Sassoon has also decided to explant. Can you tell us about that? As a young girl, I, you know, being a Sassoon it was, you don't look good, we don't look good. I'm like, well wait, my mom and sister look like that why don't I? And nobody told me. But when I realized my boobs were never gonna look like that unless I got these, which I ended up with two different ones. Oh those are actually yours that were inside of you? Yeah, but these are my third set. So I progressively just got worse and worse and worse and worse and then the last time I was sick my thyroid went out, I thought I was dying. I had pain, neck down the shoulder through the finger consistently. Head fog, I did my chiropractor every day I'm like, please what's wrong with me. My acupuncture, I mean I did everything. And I work my body hard. So I'm like something is not right. And I still didn't know until after of course you just mentioned I was on the Housewives and I realized that's not me. What happening here? And something was with my breasts. I was like looking at women looking a certain way which I originally wanted to look like and then realized wait, this isn't who I am. And without putting it all together, my health and who I am as a woman. I just had a download. Take these out of your body! Like literally download walking I'm thinking, I called my doctor. I said Dr. Dave I need these out like immediately. And it was before Christmas. He got me in Friday and they were out and I'm on thyroid medication and I will always be. But for the most part everything is amazing. (applause) Thank you for sharing. And I want to introduce Talia as well who suffered for over a decade. And can you tell us a little bit about some of these symptoms you had? Yeah, I was a very healthy active runner, mom of two. Breast fed both my kids, decided to get implants. Three months after getting implants I started having adult onset asthma. Just came out of the blue. So of course I'm looking for triggers in my home, my environment, we had just moved to a new neighborhood. Hair started falling out, dizziness. Then I developed food allergies all of a sudden. One day I'd be eating a grape and my throat would close off. And you know, my family and friends, everyone's like, you can't be allergic to grapes. Like, grapes? But it constantly was you know another food, another food, another food. Then I started reacting to medications. I was so sensitive to almost everything because now I know now my body was just in a flare up. But for ten years, allergy doctors. I went to see if I had lesions on my brain from dizziness. Just specialist after specialist. And I asked one of the allergy doctors could it be my implants? And they said no. I just don't think it was considered at the time to be something to think about. And then I was getting my hair done one day ten years down the road and my girlfriend said I'm getting my implants out. I'm doing explant surgery next month. And I said well what's that? She told me about it. I looked it up, joined this Facebook group. And it was an instant, this is what could be going on. So I scheduled some explant consultations and had them removed. And for me, waking up after they removed them was like a light switch went on. It was like a splinter stuck in me and someone pulled it out. 90% of my symptoms went away. That day I was laughing and talking. My eyes were bright. Joint pain, neck pain, gone. Ringing in the ears. I mean I had to carry EpiPens for ten years because I was so allergic to foods that I never had that issue before. How's your health today? Amazing. Good for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @anonymoususer1231 [8 likes]: I love my implants best decision I ever made, it’s been over 10 yrs with them and no issues what so ever.  Do what’s best for you!
  2. @Ltnmama8 [6 likes]: Don’t do it ladies! It’s the worst mistake you could ever make in your life. It’s damn near killed me. Don’t do it, please don’t.
  3. @mstpickles [3 likes]: 1998 implants at age 22.  1998 developed food allergies. Then, drug allergies. Then immunotherapy injections. I never put two and two together.  I went much larger in 2018. I am about to have a consult for possible removal.  Great information.
  4. @Michellemutts7848 [2 likes]: Just had mine removed after 17 years. I'm looking to see how my ailments improve now they are gone.
  5. @anaideitak6178 [1 likes]: Right now I’m going through hell with my 10 years old implants and I want them out of my body. I couldn’t breathe 😭😭
  6. @BrookePage1992 [1 likes]: I have rheumatoid arthritis and joint pain cos of my implants. I’m removing mine this year
  7. @Fides1.0: If you are considering implants go online and goggle before and after pictures of explant. The implant pictures look gross.
  8. @AMSSekhmet: They told me I could not have mine after removal. I have 2 weeks before I go for removal.
  9. @dkt4377: I hope women would reconsider BBLs and chest augmentations... this is not necessary.
  10. @frbny88: I’ve had my implants for 3 months and I knew IMMEDIATELY something wasn’t right with them. I’m hoping to get them out asap. I feel awful.
  11. @oneishaburrowes4688: My implants was killing me
  12. @BVluver4ever: I want bigger boobs but it doesn't seem worth it. Social media though makes them look so pretty and perfect.
  13. @YOUTUBE_BOOMERnCHANNY: Hi.... I just had my 600ccs removed 3 days ago with capsules.... BII is REAL do not pay for poison in your body
  14. @starshinegirlxoxo: In February, I had my small implants replaced with larger Mirena implants-- I think something is off. My skin is breaking out, my hair is dry and brittle. My brain is telling me it's the implants. It's unfortunate because I paid $9k and spent weeks in recovery, now a few months later I'm wondering if I need to remove them. Anybody else in a similiar situation? Should I wait it out to see if my body gets better?
  15. @rickmartin9420: I wish implants would go out of style. They look horrible because they look unnatural and especially on a woman who is thin. If you are thin and have these huge things on your chest: it looks fake and therefore unattractive. If you must enhance, consider gluteal implants as those are more difficult to spot a fake, so they (might) at least look good, but probably also come with health issues! The one exception might be for women who have undergone mastectomy because in that case you are filling space that was already occupied and is therefore more likely to look natural and attractive.
  16. @fdsqueen5375: Our misogynistic society is putting pressure on women to have unattainable beauty standards for who? For men? For attention? Men don’t have these problems because they wouldn’t go under the knife and have a lot of confidence even though they are mediocre
  17. @mercy6305: Your thyroid was always controlable....implants dont efffect thyroid thats a hormone thing...other then discomfort there is no reason why i would ft my implants out....i am too ex planting..but no symptoms are from implants ridiculous
  18. @KathleenHelenLisson: Thanks
  19. @mareksumguy1887: As a guy who used to like fake boobies, I now hate them, thanks to Jesus, who washed my mind/soul. Implants are a perversion.
  20. @mainguyen-zl6kz: I just had my saline plant remove by dr George Boris at Boris cosmetic surgery in Culver City, California. This place expert in all kinds of cosmetic surgery.

- Understanding Breast Implant Profiles: Kind: captions Language: es-419 - Está bien, voy a buscar mi pluma y papel. Después de que termine este aumento de senos hablaremos sobre el perfil de los implantes. Bien, hablemos sobre el perfil de los implantes mamarios, porque me he dado cuenta de que los pacientes vienen y hablan de un perfil alto, de querer un perfil alto. O quizás no quieren un perfil alto, pero están preocupados. Todo se centra en esta zona del pecho. Entonces, a veces creo que la gente no entiende qué es un perfil alto o simplemente qué es un perfil para un implante. Entonces, los pacientes piensan que un perfil alto significará que el implante estará muy alto en el pecho, pero eso no es lo que significa en absoluto. Significa algo totalmente diferente. Quiero mostrarles este implante aquí. Es un implante completo y es de perfil alto. Esto es lo que uso muchas veces. Está relacionado con estos pequeños diagramas aquí. Solo quiero mostrarles los diferentes estilos. Ahora, diferentes fabricantes tienen diferentes nombres para las cosas, pero en términos generales hay algunos estilos diferentes. Entonces, tengan paciencia conmigo aquí. Si miran aquí, tenemos una especie de escalera de implante aquí. Entonces, si es un implante bajo, tendrá esta forma. Si es es un implante mediano, tendrá una forma diferente. Si es un implante de perfil alto, Y luego hay algunos que se llaman de perfil ultra alto. Ultra alto. Y dependiendo de los fabricantes, hay diferentes, pero este es un diseño general. Entonces, a lo que se refiere el perfil es en realidad a esta proyección desde la pared torácica. Entonces, si vemos un implante real aquí, en realidad es un implante de perfil alto. Y al verlo, estamos hablando de la distancia desde la parte superior del implante hasta la parte inferior del implante. Eso es lo que dibujé aquí. Es una sección transversal de ese implante como si lo cortaras y luego lo vieras. Entonces, un perfil alto tiene más proyección para la misma cantidad de ancho. Y si tiene más proyección para el mismo ancho, hay más silicona allí, y por lo tanto es un implante más grande. Entonces, para la misma distancia de lado a lado, la misma distancia de esta manera, un implante de perfil alto tiene más proyección. Por eso se llama implante de perfil alto. Te está dando más empuje. Normalmente uso el implante de perfil alto. Lo uso al 100% del levantamiento. Entonces, al hacer un levantamiento con un implante, siempre usaré un implante de perfil alto. Si será un aumento de senos simple, con frecuencia usaré un Esa es la apariencia que tiendo a preferir, pero también usaré algunos implantes de perfil más bajo dependiendo de lo que desee el paciente. Y hay algunas otras circunstancias en las que usaremos un perfil diferente, pero solo para tratar de mantener esto simple, lo uso probablemente el 80% del tiempo si estamos haciendo un aumento de senos. Y es solo por dónde estoy y los pacientes que tengo y lo que me gusta, y eso es lo que preferimos. Nunca uso los implantes de perfil ultra alto. Estos no los uso en absoluto. Tienen la mayor proyección para el mismo ancho de un implante. Salen mucho más. Pudieran pensar, "Si te gusta el perfil alto, tal vez te gustaría el perfil ultra alto aún más, porque tienen más proyección", pero ese no es realmente el caso. Este implante de perfil ultra alto aquí, fue diseñado para la reconstrucción mamaria. Y la reconstrucción mamaria es algo completamente diferente a lo que estamos haciendo con fines estéticos. La reconstrucción mamaria es para pacientes que se han sometido a una mastectomía, a las que se les ha extirpado el seno debido al cáncer de mama. O tienen muchas probabilidades de desarrollarlo debido a sus genes o en realidad tienen cáncer de mama. Entonces, en esa situación, se extrae todo el seno. Y debido a que no solo estamos aumentando el seno, lo que significa que si tenemos un aumento de seno, el seno se queda tal como es y solo lo estamos agrandando. Pero si tiene una mastectomía por cáncer de seno, entonces todo el seno se retira, así que necesita un implante de mayor proyección, porque se ha perdido ese seno. La gente usa los implantes de perfil ultra alto para la cirugía estética de un seno o para un implante o un aumento de senos, pero a mí personalmente no me gusta cómo se ve. Creo que se ve un poco peculiar y también se ve con demasiada proyección. Entonces, se puede tener demasiado de algo bueno y, en mi opinión, con los implantes, no uso el perfil ultra alto. Pero eso es realmente lo que quería explicar. La diferencia entre los perfiles se trata de una diferencia en la proyección que proviene de la pared torácica. Ahí es donde está el perfil más alto. Y eso no significa que vas a tener más volumen más arriba. Solo quería aclarar eso. Si tienen alguna pregunta, por favor déjenla en la sección de comentarios. Si no fui claro, estaría feliz de responderlas. Si tienen alguna otra sugerencia para otros videos, siempre estaré feliz de hacerlo también. El objetivo principal de todo esto es educar para que sepan que están preparados antes de someterse a una cirugía conmigo o con cualquier otra persona, solo para tratar de tener la información correcta, porque hay muchos conceptos erróneos sobre la cirugía plástica, particularmente con los implantes mamarios. Por lo general, bromeo con los pacientes diciendo que todo lo que saben sobre los implantes mamarios está mal, porque hay tantas cosas diferentes que existen que la gente cree que son ciertas, y no lo son. Por ejemplo, no hay que cambiar los implantes cada 10 años. Hay tantos conceptos erróneos diferentes. Todo esto se trata de educar e informar. Entonces, si tienen alguna pregunta basada en eso, por favor, envíenme un correo electrónico o dejen un comentario en la sección de comentarios. Muchas gracias. Videos sobre cirugía plástica

  Top Comments:
  1. @desireesandovalwilliams8371 [2 likes]: Im soo thankful for your knowledge and for helping us understand.
  2. @UBAPLASTICSURGERY [2 likes]: Thank you for the professional information.
  3. @FEMININELY_ME [1 likes]: Doctor I love how you’re taking your time to reply to all questions. 

I don’t have a question myself, but thank you! I bless your craft
  4. @SilverDustCD [1 likes]: You didnt discuss what creates fullness up high?  Or the low and low mod profiles. Thanks!!
  5. @waggawaggaful [1 likes]: You say ultra high profile is really only appropriate for women who completely lost their breasts due to cancer, but what about women who never had them to begin with? It's rare, but some women are less than an AA cup and have virtually no tissue to cover an implant. Are those women just screwed and have no other choice than to look unnatural with implants? I guess the best option in this scenario would be implants covered with fat transfer.
  6. @jasonhighsmtih: Please talk about Breast Width Diameter and how much can we go above the chart?
  7. @HERO-er7pp: Why you are using high profile implant in most of your cases doctor?
  8. @wewillneverforgetchk: when is a good idea to use low profile?
  9. @desireesandovalwilliams8371: I need high with lots of volumeon the chest,  yes porn star status
  10. @aprilcloyce7426: Smooth round extra535 high profile it’s what I choose are those the ones that you said you never use. Thank you my surgery is coming up in a week
  11. @jehanjehan8569: Does moderate profile have more noticeable width from the sides compared to high profile?
  12. @purahernandez2119: Dr. I’ve had weight loss surgery and had to get breast implants. They’re horribly saggy. I’m so to go back soon to get Galaflex. Is it totally impossible to not have implants and have lifted breast.
  13. @coolminecraftkarla9803: Do you use high profile on wife chest ?
  14. @aylagrace9052: I have implants for my breast, can l have implant butt, since l don’t have much fat please?
  15. @tanavigorena2654: I have had my breast implants for 18 years ! I am healthy  and have no problems with them ….
I DON’T WANT another operation ; is it safe to KEEP them forever ?
  16. @evejones6105: I have had a ba two years ago my boobs have fallen the sides of my boobs have dropped it doesn't look nice in a bikini my nipples fall out sagging , I had a 200 cc implants put in I'm 5.7 tall plus size , I want to achieve a round shape boobs no sagging falling , I like the fake look high profile firm boobs standing up look good in bikinis
  17. @Ablackcatnoir: Good explanation, thing is the high profile is more narrow at the sides so moderate plus profile xtra suits me better but I’m afraid that it will be too flat. I’m gonna do lift aswell
  18. @lorir2578: do you deal with patients that previously had augmentation with several complications, revision, and then finally removed.  It left me looking cosmetically awful.  Mostly due to a revised permanent crease that looks terrible.  I had double bubble, bottoming out, capsulary contracture (these complications did not happen over time.... but were present directly after surgery in recovery room and was sent home like that besides the contracture).  Had a revision in which the IFC was sutured up... left me with fatty folds on the sides and are at an angle.  I have lived with this ugliness for the last 13 years and so much want to look normal and cosmetically beautiful with a new augmentation.  It has been a nightmare having to look at myself like this for all these years... not to mention trying to be intimate.  TMI i am sure, but that's my story.
  19. @MollyDeriso: You addressed high profile but not really low. I am curious if someone petite can use a low profile
  20. @amandaharris8830: I'm looking to come to Miami to see you for a lift/augmentation. What is the difference between a "gummy bear" implant vs. what implant you use, or are they the same?

- Breast Augmentation Post-Op | BTM Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en after surgery then what I tell my patients they're going to leave the operating room in a bra and you you know you'd leave in a bra and then patients will come back the next day and we'll take the bra off make sure that everything looks fine the real risk of having any bleeding is within that first 24-hour period okay and so that's really what we're looking for when you come back implants take a little while to settle the first post on visit is not a how good do I look type is it it's just I'm looking for problems right then you're going to stay in your bra and then touch therapy you know you've heard me talk about touch before it's it's so important your nipples and your areola can really get on fire and become hypersensitive then usually patients feel pretty good or by about three or four days after breast augmentation and so then patients will want to know like well when can I get back to doing stuff usually at three weeks is when I'll let patients if you wanted to run on the treadmill or do something like that as long as you're working wearing your recovery bra which we have you wear for six weeks okay after three weeks you start your light activity you'd always already be driving like a day four or something and then after three weeks you start you're right you start doing some light activity and then you just kind of ramp that up and by six weeks you can do anything you want there's no limitations on your activity you know patients will ask me well can I wear an under bra underwire bra because everyone says you can't you can oh I have no problem with patients wearing underwire bra I think it's actually probably a good thing because number one it'll put some pressure along the incision okay and we know from our research that silicone massage and pressure help scars and so that'll help help with the scars oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @JillyCarrilly [8 likes]: Would you ever consider getting your own private practice? Surgery booked with you next month, but I have had trouble getting in touch with anyone ever since I made my deposit. I trust you, but the staff has been quite questionable. I'm sure if you had your own private practice, it would be completely different.
  2. @stellapng9592 [1 likes]: I was better after 2 weeks. I had no breast tissue  no fat. I got 350 undermuscle teardrop shape implants. For 2 weeks i was walking around the house hunched over because my chest and breast was so tight i was feeling everything to pull me in  that posture  . Now i am 3 weeks and 3 days post on and i can't wait to use my arms properly again. Doing daily  things like before .
  3. @beautyclara5982 [1 likes]: Hello doctor please can you help me out with this I am okay with my body type but the problem I have now is knee calve when I wear a trouser it pop out and make my dress not to be fitted I want to remove the fat, should I go for knee and calf liposuction or fat dissolve injection cause I need to remove it out please I need your response 🙏
  4. @noemitullis3358 [1 likes]: Could you please recommend the best brand scar strips? Thank you!
  5. @Uglyjlia: So helpful with that wire bra. Gonna order some now
  6. @jencarr891: I had polytech fine micro textured mesmo implants put it. Now im reading that textured implants are not safe.
  7. @amandav7306: Hi Dr, I’m very interested in understanding how the underwire helps with the scarring! I’m two weeks post op and have been told to switch to an underwire bra during the day but so many other resources online say to wait 6 weeks or so which is making me a bit apprehensive
  8. @smileyalma67: I'm 4 wks PostOp and still have hyper-sensitive nipples 😢
  9. @venilia_agik: Hi doc, can you please explain (or making video) about what not to do in the future, to avoid capsular contracture after having BA. Thanks in advance

- Above or Below the Muscle? Understanding Breast Implant Placement Options | Dr. Victoria Aimé: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Dr. Victoria M. I'm a plastic surgeon in Scosil, Arizona. One of the questions I get from most of my breast augmentation patients or breast revision patients is what plane should I put my breast implant in? This is a very good question and I'll walk through how I explain this to my patients so that they can make the very best choice for them and for you as well. So, there are three different planes that are the most common that we use. You've probably heard of the term above the muscle or below the muscle. Above the muscle, there's actually two. There's one directly beneath the breast gland. We're going to call that sub glandular. So that's right up here. There's beneath the fascia. The fascia is basically a layer that's over the muscle, the pectoralis muscle. So we'll call that subfascial right here. And then submuscular means that it's just below the pectoralis muscle. So there are some pros and cons to each different layer. We'll go over them with this little table right here. So number one, do you have to cut the pectoralis muscle for any of these options? Yes. So when we place the implant underneath the pectoralis muscle, we actually do cut the bottom portion of the muscle um and that is so that the implant can settle into the pocket. That's important because if a patient does a lot of chest workouts um they may be concerned about that. So yes, we do cut the pectoralis muscle with submuscular placement but we do not cut it when we place the implant above the muscle. So that would be with these other two options. Next one is postoperative pain. So whenever we cut pectoralis muscle and put an implant underneath it, remember your pectoralis muscle is against your chest. So now we're going to cut the bottom of it. We're going to put an implant underneath and lift it off the chest wall. So that actually tends to have the most pain for patients postoperatively. And this is all relative. So this isn't like extreme pain, but the most pain relative to these other two options. So typically I will use Xper patients that are getting um breast implants placed in these petrol plants. The next one is the risk of seroma or hematoma. So seroma is a fluid collection and a hematoma is a blood collection. We actually know that is the most when the breastcent plant isn't placed in the subglandular plane and it is lower in the subural plane and what we know from our data and this is still being researched but that it's likely the least in the subfascial plane. The next one is the visibility or rippling um that you can see of the implant. So the less tissue coverage you have on the implant, the more it's going to be visible or potentially visible. So that makes sense that it is the most visible. uh was subglular and is the least visible when it's placed underneath the muscle. The next one is animation deformity. So an animation deformity is essentially when you push your hands together your chest muscles clench. It will actually pull up your implant. So because the implant in these two sublangular and subsial planes is above the muscle. It doesn't matter if you move your chest muscle at all. It's not going to change the position of the implant. However, when you have a implant underneath the muscle, whenever you contract those uh chest muscles, it's going to pull the implant up. And that is called an animation deformity. So we see that with uh implants that are placed underneath a muscle and not with those that are placed above. This tends to be an issue if patients are very avid exercisers, um bodybuilders, things like that. Um it's always something I talk about with patients, but some are very very bothered by it. The next one down on the list is something called capsule contraure risk. So basically any implant that we put in the body anywhere forms a capsule around it or a little bit of scar tissue. A capsule or contraure is a very thick layer of scar tissue. So if you can imagine a dome-shaped implant, what it's going to do is squeeze that implant into a round hard ball and it pulls it up on the chest wall. It can be very painful. So capsic contraction risk is something we look out for. It is highest in the subplantular plane because it is closest to the outside world. So if you think about the breast uh ducts go through um the nipple and they're open to the outside world. So there is bacteria in them. So placing the implant directly behind that increases your risk for capsu contraure. the farther we get away from that breastplissue, the lower the risk becomes. So hopefully that helps shed some light and give you some guidance when you are choosing uh your best implant plane. It's something you should definitely talk about with a plastic surgeon, weigh the pros and cons, and I encourage every patient to think about it in terms of their own lifestyle and their own risk and benefits. Um so choose the very best implant plane for you. And if you have any questions or comments, feel free to drop them below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cora696 [1 likes]: But for tuberous breasts ?

- Breast Augmentation Surgery at Centre for Surgery London, UK: Kind: captions Language: en what is a breast augmentation so breast augmentation is an enhancement of your breast tissue that you already have using a external implant which is inserted into the breast pocket and it's various shapes sizes and styles and it's all dependent on your personal choice and how you want the end result to look like so when you come to your consultation at center for surgery for breast augmentation you'll be you'll have a chance to speak with your surgeon and go through various different types of breast implants and so what i mean by that is different shapes different profiles whether that's anatomical high profile round implants teardrop shapes whichever shape suits you you'll also get a really fun chance to try them on and so you can try them on in a bra to see what they look like the implants themselves that gives you an idea of how the end result is going to look on you obviously it's not an exact science it's not exactly how it will look but it gives you a rough idea of shape and size and it gives you a chance to kind of really tailor what you want um with the surgeon and so they get a good idea and you get a good idea and it's helpful for both parties in your consultation your surgeon will go through the risks and benefits of different types of implants and different placements including in front of the muscle behind the muscle anatomical placement high profile ground implants teardrop implants everything you've read online essentially they'll be able to give you the pros and cons and help you to formulate your decision appropriately so your journey at center for surgery for breast augmentation starts as soon as you've booked in essentially once you've booked your date you will then have a face-to-face pre-operative assessment with one of our preoperative team we'll go through various assessments with you and i can be blood pressure ecg's things like that if necessary we'll also talk you through um the requirements of medication when you need to stop your contraceptive pill and when you need to stop smoking alcohol the the various you know frequently asked questions that we get once all it has been given the green light and all is confirmed and you're good to go essentially so on the day of your procedure you'll come through you'll be greeted by our friend of house team who will take you through to our waiting room our admissions and recovery nurses will come up and greet you which is a great chance for you to meet them because they're going to be looking after you and they'll go through your consent forms with you briefly just make sure that you understand them and then you know take some various assessments as well just to make sure that you're fit for surgery you'll then be seen by your surgeon who will go through and the procedure with you again go through the consent forms with you just to fully make sure that you're aware of the procedure and what's going to happen then also just make sure as well that they know what result you want because it's all about you at the end of the day and you'll then be seen by your anesthetist who will go through briefly with you the anaesthetics side of things and what they're going to be doing just to make sure that you fully understand and that you feel comfortable with the whole procedure after that you'll be taken through to surgery the surgery itself is a it's a fairly simple surgery in terms of cosmetic procedures takes about an hour to two hours depending on the surgeon and it just involves forming a pocket and the insertion of an implant based on the one that you decided on afterwards you'll come through to recovery you usually wake up about 30 minutes after the procedure and takes you a little bit of time to come come around and after that you're pretty much awake and feeling ready to go pain tends to be manageable you don't tend to wake up in acute pain and your nurses around you will be there to provide a pain relief should you need it and you've got a whole team there who will be there for supporting you from start to finish once you're safe to go home you'll be sent home with your chaperone and who will take good care of you and we'll give you a call the next day our nurse team like to call you on day one day three and day five just to check in make sure that you're doing fine and we'd like to see you five to seven days after the procedure to check on incisions and to check on you as well make sure that you're healing properly and checking that you're feeling all right after a procedure like this we understand any procedure that you make is a personal choice to you so it's important that you feel supported amongst the whole journey and so that's what we're there for any problem any worry you give us a call and we're there to help you center for surgery prides itself on being patient-centered and what i mean by this is that we're not a company that is pushing patients through the door it's not sales focused it's results focused for you based on our patients or our patients and this is something that sets us apart from many of our other competitors on the market and it's something that you'll notice as soon as you walk through the door of center for surgery essentially it's a warm environment it's a happy environment but it's a medical environment and it's a clinical environment and it's there to keep you safe from my experience i've seen so many happy patients in and out of these stores with results that they've wanted for years for many years and they've been achieved and it's changed their lives profoundly so all i can say is we really can't wait to have you here we're looking forward to seeing you and we're looking forward to your journey as well and to helping you achieve what you want to achieve

- Preservation Breast Augmentation Explained: Smaller Implants, Faster Recovery & Natural Results: Kind: captions Language: en the breasts look round and beautiful almost immediately compared to under the muscle that tends to have like a boxier appearance for a while until then. And it's really been revolutionary to be able to offer patients who have had implants in the past. A really a whole new look with a lot less pain after surgery. But I've been amazed by this technology and how natural it looks even with minimal breast coverage. We have six generation implants so that it looks great. It feels great. It doesn't move. And patients aren't really in that much pain afterwards. The beauty scientists, Dr. Christy Hamilton and Dr. Roy Kim. Real beauty without the hype. This is Dr. Roy Kim, one of the members of the beauty scientist. I'm here with my wonderful partner here, Dr. Christy Hamilton. How are you, Christie? Great. Always so great to see you, Roy. I'm excited for our episode. Yes. because we're going to be talking about a very hot topic which we both love preservation breast augmentation. So it sounds very contradictory like what are you preserving if you're doing a breast augmentation? What's interesting is that better anatomy knowledge like better surgical dissection as well as these awesome implants Motiva breast implants can we preserve function of the breast and the answer I think is yes. So generically how would you define preservation breast augmentation? So I think we're living through in America at least a breast augmentation revolution. I feel like we're rethinking how we have viewed this operation. And so preservation breast augmentation to me means that we are maintaining the structures of the breast and when we are considering implants for patients we are placing them in a way that we are doing a breast implant as opposed to a pec muscle implant. So, we're preserving the muscle. We're not cutting it. We're sparing it. We are augmenting the breast tissue and going in this special plane that we'll talk about. And we now have technology that really lends itself to this. So, we're going for a very natural look and one that is very compatible with the modern women's lifestyle. So, these are Pilates moms on the go or they're having their very first breast augmentation and they're 20 and they just want something super natural and get right back to life. Yeah, I totally agree because our understanding of the breast, we've always had it, but we haven't been able to come with the best solutions and now we can. So, as a quick background, of course, you have skin, breast tissue underneath, then you have muscle. So classically what we've wanted to do is sort of get natural breast augmentation sort of in the breast tissue because of different issues with like sort of the breast implant the breast implant shell we've actually had to usually place them under the muscle which if you think about it anatomically is not natural. Now, we've had great results, but there were some issues, including you have to place it under the muscle, stretch the muscle, cut the muscle, and the implant itself had a some risk of scar tissue formation around the actual envelope. With under the fascial placement, we're actually able to place six generation implants right where the breast tissue is. So, if you wanted to elaborate that on like a new pocket as well as these sixth generation Motiva implants. Yes. So the the fascia is the covering of the muscle. So we're in front of the muscle but behind the fascia of it. And so we get the benefits of that strength layer. We also have a clear demarcation between the muscle, the implant and the breast, which I think is very helpful and important for a couple different reasons. And now with the advent of the Motiva implants, this is really exciting because around the world they've had access to newer technology, not just Motiva, but a number of different implant options that do very well in this plane and we have lagged behind a little bit in the United States. So I agree with you. We've had really beautiful under the muscle results, but especially longer term, some there's some downsides to that movement of the muscle. Um, you know, women are not just still before and afters. We are we're bodies in movement. And so some of these before and afters look really beautiful, but when patients are moving or pressing on their hips or firing their pack muscle, we see those implants move because they're behind the muscle. So now that we can go in front and we have technology that looks really great even under less tissue coverage, we can kind of catch up with the the rest of the world because globally, and you're the one who initially turned me on to this, globally implants are much more likely to be placed in front of the muscle than behind. Yeah. I mean, I've talked to a lot of my friends in basically all over the world, Europe, South America, Asia. Motiva implants have been out earlier than in the US. So that's what caught my attention. The surgeons love them and the patients love them. So with a different shell, better fill, so there's less rippling and wrinkling. We're able to put it safely under the fascia, more natural position, no need to cut the muscle or place it under the muscle. At least for my patients, I found that they've had less swelling, less bruising, definitely a lot less pain because it's under the fascia. And so they're able to get back to life. And I do think that a lot of female patients are much much more into athletics getting back to life a lot sooner. Uh I don't know how you feel about that. 100%. I I let my patients go back to full exercise if it's a simple breast augmentation at a week. So this that's a completely different than what I used to tell patients when we were cutting their muscle and that would need need some time to heal. So I think it's it's very compatible with with um their lives. They the the breasts look round and beautiful almost immediately compared to under the muscle that tends to have like a boxier appearance for a while until that muscle relaxes. And patients are amazed by how good they feel and they're out to dinner that night and just, you know, back chasing after their kids or doing their yoga workouts just in a matter of days. Yeah. So patients definitely have less animation deformity. In other words, if you flex your pec, hey, if the implants's above the pec, it doesn't really move or really move hardly at all. There's less risk of capsule contraction, scar tissue formation around that shell or the implant. The shoulders seem to be more stable in patients. And honestly, with what the ability to have long-term numbing medicine, better understanding of narcotics, uh we can inject numbing medicine today that lasts for three days or 72 hours. So a lot less pain after surgery coupled with under the fascia that plane that area has a lot less pain. Patients are definitely able to recover faster. Yes, absolutely. And everyone's super busy and that's really important. And I think equally important, the short term is is very important, right? Patients want to know how long they're going to be out. But I think probably even more so and more important is the long-term outcomes. And I think also when we see how tissues settle, how everything relaxes, and we're talking years and years down the line, decades, we don't have to worry about the implant and the breast being discontinuous. So when the implant is behind the muscle, it's going to stay there most likely, but we may see with aging like desense of the gland of the breast. And so then that can look a little funny versus if the implants are placed in front and they're, you know, right next to the gland of the breast, those are going to age more naturally, more as a unit. So I think both are a short term and a long term. I love doing preservation breast augmentation. And there's also good news for patients who've had uh their muscle cut in the past. How are you approaching these patients that come in and maybe they're they're also Pilates moms and they want this, but they've already had submuscular breast augmentation. Yeah, I think in the past we've always focused on making a new pocket, but to be honest, we're making a new pocket still under the muscle. With the ability to create a whole new pocket, but it's completely above the muscle, under the fascia, we're able to repair the muscle. We can create a implant pocket under the fascia, but above the muscle. We have great. It feels great. It doesn't move and patients aren't really in that much pain afterwards. And it's really been revolutionary to be able to offer patients who have had implants in the past. A really a whole new look with a lot less pain after surgery. What's your experience been? It's been phenomenal. And so we've been taking these patients. Um I always offer them repair of their pectoralis muscle. So, we're going to retension that once we take that implant out. So, we make sure that we're maintaining shoulder function. We want to leave that muscle on tension, repair that, basically get to start fresh. And it's been fantastic. Also, a fast recovery for patients. They're often times doing a lift because we're often times downsizing those patients that had implants placed 15, 20 years ago when the style was a little bit more voluuptuous than maybe it is now. But, it's just really been tremendous. And those patients often times they're they're concerned about going in front of the muscle cuz they've been told for years that they had to go behind the muscle for a number of reasons. And one of which was maybe that they didn't have enough breast tissue. But I've been amazed by this technology and how natural it looks even with minimal breast coverage. So for the thinner patients, it's been a great option. And for the thinnest of patients when we're like looking at them and almost seeing their ribs, we've just been adding a little fat transfer for the cleavage lines. And so this kind of hybrid approach that we talked about for breast augmentation has been really fantastic for those patients. So we can go in front and then just add a little conservative volume at the transition from the chest wall to um the breast for the most natural results. And that's been really lovely. Yeah, I mean it's truly revolutionary. It's pretty shocking that in the space of just a couple months with the release of Motiva implants and all of the knowledge that we've had with pain control, with fat grafting, with new new pocket or neopet technology, heck, internal bra, all this stuff. We're able to use all that stuff and boom, actually make a huge difference in the past couple of months for all of our patients. Yeah, it's it's been tremendous. And when I talk to people who are um on the cutting edge across the country is we've been at a number of our national meetings the last couple months. So you know you always have your your finger on the pulse of uh international plastic surgery is one of the one of the amazing thing one of the many amazing things about you. Um but really seeing other surgeons who've got predominantly breast driven practices as well. Everyone is quietly or loudly transitioning to this. So amongst you know the heavy hitters in our field. So some notable exceptions but it's definitely has been popular for the surgeons because I think it just it just makes so much sense. And you always have to wonder in America it's like why why are we doing things differently around the world? Oftentimes in the US it's because we're the leaders and the innovators. Um and we definitely are as plastic surgeons. But I think implant technology has been something that has been a little hampered here just because of the the storied history with American breast implants and the FDA. Yeah. And so I'm glad that hey we have the surgical techniques down. We have great plastic surgeons. you know, you're super well trained as well as, you know, at the cutting edge of techniques, but all of us have been sort of held back with the lack of the best implants and now we have them. Yes. So, it's exciting. I I've been enjoying seeing my results with patients for the last six months and can't wait for the next couple years to go by and just see how they age. It's every everyone's been looking really good, the earliest cases that we've been following. Well, that's great. I mean, it's great to see. It's great to hear from grateful patients and I know that you and I have many grateful patients with the latest techniques in preservation breast augmentation. Absolutely. So for all the viewers out there or listeners out there, if you have any comments or questions about preservation breast augmentation, please fire away below. If you want a consultation, of course, definitely check out Dr. Hamilton in Houston or myself here in San Francisco or Beverly Hills. And if you have any future topics, please let us know. And finally, Christie, as always, stay beautiful. Stay beautiful. Thank you for joining us on the beauty scientist. Be sure to visit the beautycientist.com and learn more about modern beauty and connect with Dr. Hamilton and Dr. Kim. [Music]

- Plastic Surgeon's Guide to Motiva Breast Implants: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Dr shuie tannan I'm a board certified plastic surgeon today I want to talk about motiva breast implants why are plastic surgeons excited about them yes they were just approved um by the FDA for use in the United States just recently just in September of this year but I will tell you they have been around they've been on the market since 2011 and Over The Last 5 Years they've been utilized in 85 different countries so while they may be new to us here there is plenty of research plenty of experience amongst board certified plastic surgeons both in the United States and all over the world that have taught us so much about what makes these implants incredibly unique and a wonderful option for our patients let me go through so here is an example of a motiva implant you'll notice that the surface is a little different than some of the other implants that you might have seen me show in my videos in the past um what's incredible about some of the research we' found is that this outer surface this smooth silk um outer surface is incredibly biocompatible and the way we're able to see this in real life as surgeons is the capsule the capsule or your body's shell that it makes naturally around anything that's a foreign body whether it's a breast implant or an implantable device like a pacemaker um or pain pump for example that capsule is incredibly soft so much softer than other implants available on the market so what are the consequences of that that means that capsu contraction rates are much lower with this implant when you compare them to competitors and other implants available on the market so lower capsu contracture rates and a much softer natural look another unique thing about the motiva implants is this true monoblock technology so this silicone elastomer the shell and the highly cohesive gel the sixth generation silicone gel stay together they move together that allows it to be incredibly elastic which is a big part of what also makes it very natural in appearance the way it's able to move with your body but another good feature of that for you is a potential patient is that if it were to rupture this the shell and the gel stay together because they're so highly integrated so now let me talk about a couple of key differences between between the two motiva implants available on the US markets so there is the motiva round and the motiva ergonomics so let's take a second to talk about the motiva round so the motiva round is made of the progressive gel plus and so that we've talked about being a sixth generation silicone gel this is a gel that's going to hold upper pole fullness um so instead of most of the implant falling to the bottom which was the case with silicone implants 20 30 years ago but with the Advent of cohesive gel we've seen much more upper pole fill and this Progressive gel plus gives us even more upper pole volume so for people who really want that fullness up top um this is the implant for you now for people who are more drawn to that teardrop shape I would recommend the ergonomics the ergonomics does a little more when you stand up a little more of that implant sort of falling to the bottom moving with the breast and this is the progressive gel Ultima technology little bit different um both of these are available in the United States follows for more tips and to learn more about the motiva implant

  Top Comments:
  1. @juhatt [1 likes]: Yes, but how to safely remove them from sub facial placement, when they are, motiva silk,  textured or smooth, and how does the fascia recover from that, what is the fascia scarring, repair, if it was somehow twisted, pulled, ripped, etc., (implant flipping caused )what are the details of a permanent removal of such implants with major reduction and lift, from h 34 to b or c 34, natural size d34. Please answer dr., no one has this detailed info on youtube.
  2. @Mtnmama.2 [1 likes]: Thank you! Such a clear message. 🙏

- Breast Explant: What to Know + Options After Implant Removal for Best Cosmetic Result: Kind: captions Language: en Let's take some time to talk about explant&nbsp; surgery or removing your breast implants.&nbsp;&nbsp; In my practice, for many years, I've been seeing&nbsp; patients to remove their breast implants and&nbsp;&nbsp; really give them control back over their bodies.&nbsp; The most common reason women come to me to remove&nbsp;&nbsp; their implants is actually related to lifestyle&nbsp; change. They've had their implants for 10 or&nbsp;&nbsp; 20 years, and now they're at a point where maybe&nbsp; they've had children, their breasts have changed,&nbsp;&nbsp; the breasts have aged over time, and they want to&nbsp; take their implants out in order to give them some&nbsp;&nbsp; perkiness back and to downsize their current size.&nbsp; Maybe they loved their implants at one point,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they were a good fit for them then, but now&nbsp; they're at a point in their lives where they want&nbsp;&nbsp; to go through a change. This is honestly the most&nbsp; common reason we remove implants in my practice.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's also women that have issues with their&nbsp; implants, whether it's scar tissue around the&nbsp;&nbsp; implant like capsular contracture or a change&nbsp; in the location of the implant; the implant has&nbsp;&nbsp; moved, has bottomed out, has moved laterally,&nbsp; or medially. Or it could be that the patient&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't want their implants in their body&nbsp; because they're afraid of the implants and&nbsp;&nbsp; they think that they may be changing the way&nbsp; they feel. There are many different reasons&nbsp;&nbsp; to go and take your implants out or downsize&nbsp; or reduce the implant volume that you have.&nbsp;&nbsp; In my practice, explant surgery is broken&nbsp; up into several different kinds of concepts.&nbsp;&nbsp; The first is how do we remove the actual implant&nbsp; because many patients ask what do you do in that&nbsp;&nbsp; procedure. There are many different options.&nbsp; Either it's removing the implant alone or the&nbsp;&nbsp; implant with the scar tissue around it in&nbsp; one piece, which is called en bloc surgery,&nbsp;&nbsp; where you essentially remove the entire&nbsp; scar tissue around the implant intact.&nbsp;&nbsp; In many cases, if there's thick scar tissue, I'm&nbsp; going to suggest removing that scar tissue anyways&nbsp;&nbsp; at the same time that we remove the implant.&nbsp; It may not be totally encapsulated within that&nbsp;&nbsp; scar tissue. It may be separately or what we&nbsp; would call a total capsulectomy. But those are&nbsp;&nbsp; just different concepts of how to deal with the&nbsp; scar tissue that's around the implant. No study&nbsp;&nbsp; has shown that removing the implant within the&nbsp; scar tissue or separated from the scar tissue&nbsp;&nbsp; leads to any difference in outcomes. Sometimes,&nbsp; it's difficult to remove that scar tissue if&nbsp;&nbsp; it's adherent to the ribs or the inside important&nbsp; structures like the muscle or other tissues deep.&nbsp;&nbsp; Regardless, we pick the safest and most reliable&nbsp; approach for you to remove your implant and scar&nbsp;&nbsp; tissue if needed. Before we do surgery, we may&nbsp; order an MRI or another imaging study to see&nbsp;&nbsp; what's going on the inside to make sure we have&nbsp; the right plan for you and your body. After the&nbsp;&nbsp; implant's been removed, there's always a question&nbsp; of what we do next. In many patients, we suggest&nbsp;&nbsp; several different options. Either number one, do&nbsp; nothing, remove the implant, and allow your body&nbsp;&nbsp; to heal. That can, in some patients, be the right&nbsp; choice if they have a lot of breast tissue and&nbsp;&nbsp; their skin is not stretched out by the implant. It&nbsp; does lead to a less good-looking cosmetic result,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it can allow for healing and can be a staged&nbsp; process to allow for a procedure in the future&nbsp;&nbsp; to get the best possible result as things&nbsp; heal on the inside before the next step.&nbsp;&nbsp; Another option is doing a lift at the same&nbsp; time, removing the excess skin that's been&nbsp;&nbsp; stretched by the implant, and that allows for a&nbsp; smaller breast that's perky and natural shaped&nbsp;&nbsp; but doesn't address the volume that we've removed&nbsp; with the implant. A third option, which is more&nbsp;&nbsp; commonly performed in most patients, is doing a&nbsp; combination of a lift with a fat transfer. We take&nbsp;&nbsp; fat from inside your own body add it back to the&nbsp; breasts to add volume to make up for the amount of&nbsp;&nbsp; volume that was removed with the implant. How much&nbsp; fat can we transfer? This is a critical question.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you have a 500-gram implant and 100 grams&nbsp; of breast tissue, then we remove that 500-gram&nbsp;&nbsp; implant, that large implant, you're going to be&nbsp; back down to an A cup or flat. Unfortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; at that time of surgery, the maximum amount of&nbsp; fat that I can add is equivalent to the amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of breast tissue you have. So whatever we pinch&nbsp; during that preoperative visit, whatever you can&nbsp;&nbsp; feel and palpate, that's the amount of volume that&nbsp; I'm going to be able to add back in. Why? Because&nbsp;&nbsp; fat cells need blood supply oxygen and nutrients,&nbsp; and in a perfect world, a perfect mixture is one&nbsp;&nbsp; to one. If you have seed and soil, you could have&nbsp; one seed right next to one clump of soil, giving&nbsp;&nbsp; it the oxygen, the water, and the other supply&nbsp; of nutrients that it needs to survive and thrive.&nbsp;&nbsp; Similarly, in fat grafting to the breast, we need&nbsp; to have a one-to-one volume ratio to add back the&nbsp;&nbsp; volume that's already there in your breast. That&nbsp; may mean that you may need multiple fat grafting&nbsp;&nbsp; procedures over time to achieve a larger volume&nbsp; breast if you had big implants and no breasts to&nbsp;&nbsp; begin with. Thankfully most patients have a decent&nbsp; amount of breast tissue, and most patients have an&nbsp;&nbsp; average size implant such that many patients are&nbsp; good with a fat grafting procedure and a lift,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they're able to accomplish a smaller&nbsp; breast without an implant and a good shape&nbsp;&nbsp; with one procedure. That being said, all these&nbsp; are complicated breast procedures, and patients&nbsp;&nbsp; may need additional procedures for improvements&nbsp; of their incisions or their scars over time or to&nbsp;&nbsp; address small changes in the way that the incision&nbsp; is shaped laterally. So I tell all patients what's&nbsp;&nbsp; most important to understand is that breast&nbsp; surgery is a delicate and detailed process.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is a complicated surgery when we're&nbsp; taking out implants and doing a full explant,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm going to be there for you down the line if&nbsp; you need a small touch-up procedure or something&nbsp;&nbsp; done in the office, things like that. Regardless,&nbsp; explant surgery is a surgery that allows patients&nbsp;&nbsp; the opportunity to remove their implants in total,&nbsp; to do this in a safe way and then give them a&nbsp;&nbsp; great cosmetic result afterward. And I think that&nbsp; most patients are very happy with the procedure&nbsp;&nbsp; because they get back to living their lives in a&nbsp; normal way. They stop having to think about their&nbsp;&nbsp; implants, and for many of them, this is the last&nbsp; surgical procedure they're going to need, so it's&nbsp;&nbsp; a liberating experience for many patients. Again&nbsp; explant surgery is a complicated process with many&nbsp;&nbsp; factors to consider about removing the implants&nbsp; and what to do afterward. When we sit down and&nbsp;&nbsp; talk during our virtual consultation or in person,&nbsp; we'll go over the very specific concerns you have,&nbsp;&nbsp; the things in your body that will lead&nbsp; to a good result, and the options that&nbsp;&nbsp; are right for you and for your breasts.&nbsp; I look forward to doing that very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BillieChristine-d5c [6 likes]: I am getting mine out! Can't wait!
  2. @larrainepohl3684 [4 likes]: I am 71 years old. I had implants 40 years ago. I have just had them removed. I had scar tissue, and one had ruptured. I had one breast that did not develop. I would tell any ladie don't have them just for vanity.
  3. @carilynjurgeson6178 [4 likes]: Explant was one of the best decisions I ever made.  Was suspicious that they might be making me sick.  After 2 abnormal mammograms and a ultrasound, I had to get them out.  My suspicion was confirmed when immediately after explant, some very serious chronic symptoms disappeared. No amount of vanity is worth making yourself sick!  BUT if you are worried about vanity, a skilled doctor can help...the good ones aren't cheap.
  4. @MelodyBellStudio [4 likes]: Or because of breast implant illness which seems to be one of the most common reasons.
  5. @MelodyBellStudio [3 likes]: Thank you for allowing all comments as long as they are respectful.  I understand that BII doesn’t affect all patients and that the AMA and FDA don’t recognize it yet.   This puts practitioners in a very strange place as far as what they can say and talk about with BII.   By allowing comments that are respectful, you are really showing that you respect your patience experience, no matter what it may be.  Thank you for being that doctor!   We need more providers like this allowing and respecting whatever the patients experience.
  6. @nuliferdogan3339 [1 likes]: I want mine out. They are 1050cc silicone implants
  7. @yoyis1987 [1 likes]: Do you have more pics on explant results you have only 1 on instagram and one your website?
  8. @phylenejanousek2740 [1 likes]: No study??? Why not do a study
  9. @grnddesign: Do you always do capsulectomy?
  10. @poornimahiremath2914: Good information
  11. @SorayasFierceCookingShow: Thank you
  12. @hollypuga5736: I’m extremely scared of what might be happening with my over 33 year old implants ( one ruptured ) especially when I’ve got no help
  13. @tracy9397: I had an explant and lift yesterday and I’m having a lot of swelling in right side and am really pale. Is this normal?
  14. @Tammy5926: Hi there! Does the breast create collagen after explant/lift surgery and would that explain hard lumps (but only on one side) 19 weeks post- op?
  15. @alivingstone4Him: How much to remove only?
  16. @sorayalovett2627: Very helpful, thank you
  17. @phylenejanousek2740: Fat?? Toxins???
  18. @phylenejanousek2740: Lift?? Scars ???

- 🤭How much fullness can you get with a breast lift alone⁉️: Kind: captions Language: en how much fullness can you get with a breast&nbsp; lift alone well let's talk about it so every&nbsp;&nbsp; week I have patients who come to the office&nbsp; who are requesting to have more fullness in&nbsp;&nbsp; their breasts usually that gives you more of a&nbsp; youthful appearance to the bras typically what&nbsp;&nbsp; they're talking about is a shape change but&nbsp; a shape that's putting more of the volume of&nbsp;&nbsp; their breasts up higher on the chest and that's&nbsp; where the fullness is right back at the top&nbsp;&nbsp; so typically just a patient where they're having&nbsp; some sagging or drooping with the breast and may&nbsp;&nbsp; need a breast lift to reshape the rust and put it&nbsp; back up on the chest wall however when we do that&nbsp;&nbsp; we're always limited on how much of that volume we&nbsp; can keep and maintain at the top and that's really&nbsp;&nbsp; the critical distinction between a brush lift and&nbsp; a breast implant and I'm going to show you here&nbsp;&nbsp; with an example okay so with a breast implant we&nbsp; can actually maintain a volume at the top Against&nbsp;&nbsp; Gravity because the the shape of the implant will&nbsp; maintain that for us okay whereas breast tissue&nbsp;&nbsp; tends to displace to gravity and it'll tend to&nbsp; fall to the bottom when we're upright it'll fall&nbsp;&nbsp; to the side if we're lying on our back um and so&nbsp; that's one element to to remember so now let's&nbsp;&nbsp; go back to no implants at all we're just talking&nbsp; about breast lift alone so what determines then&nbsp;&nbsp; how much of that fullness will stay at the top of&nbsp; the breast out of clothes after your breast lift&nbsp;&nbsp; well it actually comes down to many factors but&nbsp; I like shorthand to to say that it's essentially&nbsp;&nbsp; age-related changes in the tissue so it's a tissue&nbsp; issue so as women age the breast consistency&nbsp;&nbsp; changes initially it's more of a firm glandular&nbsp; tissue that maintains its shape Against Gravity&nbsp;&nbsp; and then as the patient ages and goes through&nbsp; life changes like pregnancies or significant&nbsp;&nbsp; weight fluctuations the amount of firm glandular&nbsp; tissue that's maintaining its shape gets converted&nbsp;&nbsp; to more of a loose tissue or a fatty or kind of&nbsp; rust consistency which tends to distort to gravity&nbsp;&nbsp; more easily right this is where the breast starts&nbsp; to droop south or when we're lying on our back it&nbsp;&nbsp; goes to the sides I have two patient stories which&nbsp; I compare a patient who's 19 years of age and has&nbsp;&nbsp; never had any pregnancies or massive weight&nbsp; fluctuations and then a patient who's in her&nbsp;&nbsp; 50s didn't have to have both and I compare their&nbsp; breast lift side to side the patient who's 19 has&nbsp;&nbsp; more of this firm glandular tissue in her breast&nbsp; so when I reshape it it keeps more of that shape&nbsp;&nbsp; up at the top uh whereas the 50 year old when I&nbsp; reshape the breast it is still lifted it's just&nbsp;&nbsp; it's minimizing how much of the fullness will stay&nbsp; up at the top Against Gravity now you're probably&nbsp;&nbsp; asking yourself well which one am I what what sort&nbsp; of result might I get with a breast lift alone or&nbsp;&nbsp; you know maybe I should consider an implant well&nbsp; that's a great question there's actually a pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; good way to tell so if your breast is starting&nbsp; to Pancake flatten okay meaning it's droopy and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's relatively flat then that's typically&nbsp; a brush that's not going to achieve a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; upper fullness with a lift long term okay now you&nbsp; can have breasts that are droopy but not pancake&nbsp;&nbsp; flattened meaning it's more round and projected&nbsp; forward it's just hanging low that's usually a&nbsp;&nbsp; better brush for achieving and maintaining upper&nbsp; pole fullness out of clothes now if your desires&nbsp;&nbsp; are to have a lot of upper bowl fullness and&nbsp; maybe we're we have a brush that's a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; pancake flattened and you know maybe your goals&nbsp; are to have more upper pull volume well in that&nbsp;&nbsp; case you may need to consider implants with a left&nbsp; and so you can check out our other videos for that&nbsp;&nbsp; content as well if you're interested in getting a&nbsp; consultation with me to find out for sure and get&nbsp;&nbsp; a plan that's specific to you feel free to give&nbsp; us a call or contact us on social media foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @amamahercookies2338 [6 likes]: Okay, what if there’s plenty of tissue but significant sag? I’ve breastfed 4 kids, including twins and still maintain a full D cup post-weaning but they’re halfway down my belly out of a bra. Definitely pancakey and the breast pocket is so wide. How much of a difference can a lift alone make? I’m not interested in implants.
  2. @bithagrop2539 [3 likes]: Born and raised in tx, why do you say breast so strangely?....
  3. @aesus8100 [2 likes]: Very helpful, thank you.
  4. @rowenadelossantos3450 [2 likes]: How Much the cost
  5. @weekendatmyplace3483 [1 likes]: I'm planning on getting an auto augmentation with my breast lift. My understanding is that can help with the upper pole fullness without adding an implant. Is that correct?
  6. @ledacypreadel7268 [1 likes]: Location?
  7. @2013lovemy: My breast have NEVER been firm. They grew in long lol…I don’t want an implant though (family history of breast cancer), and afraid of the things that can go wrong. I also don’t like the balloon look of some implants. If they can at least be rounder than they are now with a lift alone, I’m ok with less fullness on top.
  8. @StephArchon: I don't want implants I want a fat transfer and a lift
  9. @AllisonStatman: What about reduction list ?
  10. @karate_girl_ibiza: And as men age they go bald, get long ears, huge bellies, hooked noses, saggy wodcobbles, shrivelled goolies and a whole lot more. So women, dont worry so much!
  11. @benjaminsmall9384: "Promosm" 💞

- How to Size Breast Implants?: Kind: captions Language: en how to size your breast implants in four steps&nbsp; today I want to talk about how we help our&nbsp;&nbsp; patients pick their implant sizes I personally&nbsp; use a anatomic based approach to helping patients&nbsp;&nbsp; figure that out so the first step in our approach&nbsp; is to find out our Target right we need a Target&nbsp;&nbsp; we want to know what cosmetic look you're going&nbsp; for well we're going to take into account volume&nbsp;&nbsp; and the shape so with volume we're looking at cup&nbsp; size we're looking at is it proportionate to your&nbsp;&nbsp; body or disproportionate to your body and then&nbsp; with the shape of the breast we're looking at is&nbsp;&nbsp; it on the natural side more of a teardrop or is it&nbsp; very round and less natural second we need to have&nbsp;&nbsp; your consultation so we can get your measurements&nbsp; ours is an anatomic based approach and we need to&nbsp;&nbsp; know your Anatomy to make that decision so you&nbsp; need to have a consultation for that one third&nbsp;&nbsp; we then want to know what you want to see in&nbsp; close and this again kind of tailors down on&nbsp;&nbsp; the volume question how much volume do you want&nbsp; to see in close this will give us the breast&nbsp;&nbsp; volume relative to the rest of your body shape&nbsp; so is it in line with your hips or is it smaller&nbsp;&nbsp; than your hips that sort of question one of the&nbsp; ways that we do that here in our office is with&nbsp;&nbsp; good old-fashioned implant sizers so these are&nbsp; just stackable inserts in a bra it gives us an&nbsp;&nbsp; idea of the volume you want to see and fourth&nbsp; final step we've just put all that together we&nbsp;&nbsp; actually work backwards so the volume you want&nbsp; to see in close does it fit inside your anatomy&nbsp;&nbsp; and does it create the look that you're going&nbsp; for and if all the answers are yes to those&nbsp;&nbsp; questions then we've already picture implants&nbsp; the volume will be apparent the projection will&nbsp;&nbsp; be apparent and it'll be very easy now what&nbsp; if one of those answers is not yes maybe the&nbsp;&nbsp; volume you want to see in closed doesn't quite&nbsp; fit in our anatomy or maybe the volume fits but&nbsp;&nbsp; it doesn't really give us the look that we want&nbsp; well that's where we're going to have to have a&nbsp;&nbsp; conversation and sometimes we have to pick what&nbsp; is most important to us what are our priorities&nbsp;&nbsp; and we we help you work through that another&nbsp; additional step that you may consider although&nbsp;&nbsp; most of my patients don't don't use this is 3D&nbsp; modeling or a simulator and that will give you&nbsp;&nbsp; an idea of virtually trying on implants and&nbsp; these are third-party sources that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; look up online to use however I find that they're&nbsp; not always the most accurate for predicting your&nbsp;&nbsp; final result so that's it our four-step process&nbsp; to picking your implant size it's as easy as&nbsp;&nbsp; that if you're curious to learn more check out&nbsp; our other videos or come visit us at our office

- Breast Imaging with Breast Implants: Kind: captions Language: en see a lot of patients for breast implant revision breast implant removal and their older implants and they have no idea the fda's recommendations for silicone breast implants regarding breast Imaging and monitoring the rupture rate currently the FDA recommends an MRI or ultrasound five to six years after placement of your Silicone breast implants and then after that you're supposed to every two to three years get an MRI or ultrasound now if there's a symptomatic issue with your breast and the ultrasounds normal you should get an MRI because an MRI picks up way more ruptures than an ultrasound and that's also recommended by the FDA with an MRI that rupture sometimes looks like what's called a linguine sign which is a unique finding you should always stick to the recommended breast Imaging and screening now these are the fda's recommendations regarding breast implants obviously there are other recommendations regarding routine screening and those are important to follow as well in my practice I like to get an MRI AI in a lot of patients because ultrasound just misses so many ruptures when they're inside the capsule and MRI picks up a lot of those ruptures a lot of this breast Imaging stuff is controversial so if you have any questions and you want to send us a DM or message I'm happy to try to answer or ask one of our Radiology colleagues to help

  Top Comments:
  1. @jasminebaby3375 [1 likes]: What is the difference between MRI and mammograms? I do get mammograms yearly. Pls answer. Thank you

- Breast Augmentation 101 with Dr. Struck: Kind: captions Language: en okay hi I'm Dr Steve stuck I'm a plastic surgeon here in Atherton I trained at Stanford we're talking about breast augmentation we see a lot of bows in our practice I do a large number of them they make people really happy they're probably one of the highest patient satisfaction procedures we do mainly because they're quick they're pretty easy and they make a dramatic change right away 99% of the time I use silicone implant people ask about that at their consultation silicone is good because it feels more natural it's more the consistency of a gel and it feels natural it gives you less Rippling so Rippling is where you can kind of feel an edge of an implant and this happens with saline saline implants are deflated they have a little Port here that we fill them up but when we fill them up sometimes you feel these little Ripple to time not to use saline is a very thin person with very little breast tissue because when you put it in there if there's no coverage you're going to get a rip like that and you're going to see it so trim patient rule of thumb under the muscle cuz then the muscle sits on top of the implant which covers it more so it doesn't Ripple and in general a silic implant cuz they're much smoother so I think the rule of thumb is an under the muscle implant I think gives you better coverage feels more natural it also gives you a better mamogram when you get older which people like and the natural feel is the main reason that most be sh silicone