- The new way to make Meta Ads In 2026 (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you how to make ads that are impossible to ignore. Ads that stop the scroll, hold attention, and convert cold scrollers into buyers. And then, I'm going to give you a system to be able to consistently add new winners into your ad account every single week. Now, who am I to break this down for you? Well, I've been running Meta ads since I was 13 years old, and present day, my company produces a minimum of 2,000 ad creatives every single month, and we've generated tens of millions of dollars in tracked revenue for our clients. And most of you right now are doing things completely backwards. You're focused on making your ads look pretty instead of making ads that are actually going to work. You're using the same hooks over and over and switching things out, and you're structuring the messaging completely wrong. And you're also not producing nearly enough volume to keep up with A, the new algorithm, and B, just the landscape that is Meta ads in 2026. And what I'm going to show you is not only what we're doing, but it's also what the biggest, fastest-growing brands in the world are doing, and that's why we do it, too. So, before we get into the solution, there's two issues that I see that most of you need to overcome. The first is your obsession with quality or nitpicking small details, and the second is you severely underestimate the volume required to succeed. Right now, you're creating ads that look, sound, and feel like ads. If you're using AI to write your copy and you don't have a really, really dialed-in workflow, it probably sucks. And then comes the volume problem. Most of you guys are creating 20, maybe 30, maybe 50 ads a month. And I'm going to refer to Hormozi on this one. Just roll the clip on what Hormozi says about volume. >> No uh volume and repetition that is required to excel is typically not twice as much or 10 times as much. It's usually in the order of magnitude of thousands of times as much work. >> Now that you understand the rules of the game and how you've been playing it wrong, I am going to show you how to beat it. So, principle number one is understanding the native format. Post-Andromeda, native content is going to outperform studio-produced content every single time. I recommend UGC videos, street interviews, or iPhone VSLs. A good rule of thumb is if it looks and sounds organic, it's likely to perform better. Not only does the algorithm reward this, but we're living in a post-TikTok shop era. TikTok shop entirely changed the way that consumers behave and make purchasing decisions. And Meta has actually even spoken about this in their press releases. They want native ads. A, because consumer behavior has changed, but B, because consumers' number one gripe on the internet is ads. So, they want to create a user experience that feels like there's no ads. And even just think about it from your perspective. When you're scrolling through your feed, you scroll right past ads that look like ads. So, I'm going to show some good examples of what native ads look like right now. And this is a good place to start when building your swipe file. You can look at brands like Comfort, Dr. Squatch, Ridge, Hops, or others. They're very, very good sources for organic-looking, very native-looking ad creatives. So, the second principle is hook diversity. The hook essentially makes or breaks the ad. We know that, but you can have a very, very good concept with a very, very bad hook, and it's just not going to work. And I also want to make it very clear that there are two parts to every single hook. There's the copy and what the video is saying, but there's also the visual and what you are seeing when you see the video. And visual hooks are just as important as copy hooks. And like I say in all my videos, I'm not talking a cute dog, a car crash, or a BBL. I'm talking about a hook that is going to qualify and draw in your ICP. [music] The reason hook diversity is also important, notice I'm not saying just test a bunch of hooks, is because the algorithm needs diversity to find different audiences. If you're using the same hook or the same hook type or the same hook visual, you're not going to be finding different audiences that are necessary and you're leaving massive amounts of money on the table. So, this is why it's smart to go ahead and build a hook bank. That is an action item that you need to take. You not only need to have a swipe file, but you also need to have a hook bank. And you need to build out a list of hook variations. Let's say you're a skin care brand. You could go, "My skin always breaks out when hook. My dermatologist told me hook. This is the skin care product that hook. I thought this was a scam until hook. If you're tired of hook." And then beyond that, when you say that, "My skin always breaks out when blank." you could say different problems that relate to different people, okay? It's the same product, it's the same type of messaging, but they're very different hooks and you can also test very different visual hooks with those as well. And the third principle that we're going to talk about is messaging. Every winning video ad loosely follows this format. First, you need to dive into the problem, then you need to dive into your unique mechanism or why you are the solution, then you need to go into social proof or some form of risk reversal, and then you need a very strong CTA. This order works because it is exactly how people make buying decisions, whether it's UGC ad, a VSL, or whatever type of video ad you run. And then you need to also take these things into account when you're making your static ads. You can make some static ads that are very focused on the problem, some static ads that are very focused on how your product is a solution, some static ads that are very focused on social proof. These are more of your middle or bottom of funnel static ads, whether it be a review, a testimonial, or before and after. And the reason that making ads this way works so well is because your funnel is essentially addressing the objection that the customer has before they even have it. And all of the ads that we make and all of the funnels that we build follow this type of messaging structure. So, number four, it is velocity, volume, output. And this is where most of you are losing, to be honest. I get on a lot of calls with potential clients and I look in their ad account and they have some really, really good ads. Whether they made them by accident or whether they were watching good videos and learning, they actually have some very good ads and they have some pretty decent KPIs on those ads. They work for a little bit, but they fundamentally misunderstand how much volume it actually takes to succeed in 2026. And it's because as we know, the algorithm rewards volume and diversity. Your competitor, if they're launching a hundred or a thousand new ads every single month, realistically they are going to beat you. That is a very realistic threat to your business. But the key here and the way that you can win is not just producing tons of ads randomly. You need to actually build a systematic approach. And this is where we start to go into pipeline A and pipeline B. This is something that I've talked about on the channel and essentially what it is is understanding when you need to launch a lot of new concepts and when you need to launch a lot of iterations of previous [music] winners. So, pipeline A is specifically for new concepts. This is where you're consistently launching fresh new ideas, whether it be testing a new offer, whether it be testing new creative types, new angles, whatever it is. You're essentially just exploring and the point of this is just looking for some data, some feedback and your learnings to try to go and create new winners, find new angles and find new types of creatives that you can make. Now, pipeline B is going to be specifically your iteration and this is where you either take winning ads and figure out variables that you can change to recreate them or sometimes you even take losing ads that had some really good secondary metrics and you make one change and that could also become a winning ad. You can change variables like different hooks, different creators, different CTA, different format, but the whole core concept of the actual ad stays the same. You're just changing one or two variables. Now, this part is extremely important. The balance between pipeline A and pipeline B. The balance between new concepts and iteration. And this is going to totally depend on you or your media buyer or if you work with us, it's going to depend on us. But this is going to depend totally on how well you're actually doing your learnings, how well you actually understand what's going on in the ad account, what ads are winning, why they're winning. This is going to depend on your learnings. And an example I like to use is this. Let's say you've been launching a lot of new ads, your winning ad is starting to see a rise in cost per acquisition, your hit rate is pretty low. This is an example that you're stuck on one piece of messaging or one angle and it's time for you to launch some new fresh concepts into the ad account. Or vice versa, you don't have a ton of winning ads in your ad account, but you just had a really, really hot batch. Good ads, good hit rate. This is time where you can take that and turn one, two, three, four new winning ads into 10 good ads. But these things are ever changing as time goes on. So a specific example, let's say maybe this month your account's kind of stalling out. You don't have a lot of winners. We go heavy in the new concepts and we go less into iterations. Maybe 70% new concepts, 30% iteration. Then by next month, we actually have found a lot of winners. We want to shift that the other way. We maybe want to go 20 to 30% new concepts and then maybe 70 to 80% iterations based on those winning ads that we just had in the prior month. This is going to make it so much easier to produce volumes of content. And this comes from understanding what's going on in your ad account and doing proper learnings. And truthfully, this is the modern moat. Your product is not your moat, your quality of creative that you can produce is not your moat. This is the moat. Understanding how to make good content, how to make good ads, and then understanding why they're actually good ads. So to bring this all full circle, the four things you need to remember. First, native format. Second, hook diversity. Third, understand your messaging. And fourth, volume. Now, if you made it to the end of the video, comment the word Hormozi to let me know that you made it all the way through. And if you're a direct-to-consumer brand spending more than $100,000 a month and you don't want to do this yourself, click the link below. There's a bunch of ad examples that we've made on our landing page. There's case studies, there's testimonials, and there's a full video explainer about exactly what we do and how we do it. So, hopefully that was helpful. Comment Hormozi if you made it to the end. See you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @bad3mko105 [1 likes]: Is 1200$ enough for starting with meta ads? Should I save up more or focus on organic trafic until I get my bread up for meta ads ?
  2. @ismailrouaiguia4913 [1 likes]: Bro we need master meata ads form scratch zero to hero " hours of content value like hormozi " 🔥🔥❤️‍🔥
  3. @dawson2670 [1 likes]: Hormozi
  4. @arwindkalai8961 [1 likes]: Hormozi
  5. @zomamarkets [1 likes]: Hormozi
  6. @ardikalda5213 [1 likes]: Hormozi!
  7. @TheSyrianmamba [1 likes]: Goat🔥
  8. @ColorOfWealth [1 likes]: Hormozi
  9. @InternetArchivess [1 likes]: Great video
  10. @sipthegoods: mozi!!
  11. @jakefrosher: 👌🏽
  12. @turtleturtlepower: So many new things to try, thanks for all the tips.  Phenomenal advice.
  13. @Paradise-Performance: Hormosi, outstanding information!  TY
  14. @MagmuuStore: Hormosi, thanks G for priceless knowledge
  15. @krysttonjhonatan: Hormosi, great video!
  16. @Xaehhh: Whats your opinion on me doing paids and making ai ugc ads will it get good leads for my clients
  17. @onaldo333: What if you have a budget of like 500-600 dollars for ads?
  18. @ColorOfWealth: Need more videos like these. Way better than the wanna be “Guru’s “. Nothing better than sound quality advice from someone whos in it. Appreciate the phone call, thank you for sharing some good game, can’t wait to meet u on the other side @jaredirobinson

- The Truth About Meta's Andromeda Update (What You Need to Know): Kind: captions Language: en So, the Andromeda update is what everyone is talking about in the Facebook ads and the Instagram ad space right now. And I think we need to talk about it, too, because there is a lot of fear-mongering and a lot of misinformation flying around about Andromeda right now. So, in this video, I'm going to go through what Meta actually changed, the impact it's actually having on ad results and the changes that you need to make to your current ad setup to make the most of Andromeda, and to make sure you don't get left behind. So, to help explain what the Andromeda update actually is, I've got an article from Meta up about this. I'm going to run through various sections. Actually quite a complex technical doc, but I think we can break it down into sort of easy to understand uh terms and focus on the parts that actually impact us as advertisers and and why we need to update and change things in response to this update. The first thing I want to highlight though is the date. So this was posted by Meta on December 2nd, 2024. So almost a year ago as of the recording of this video. And I think that's quite interesting. And the reason why it sort of taken a while and it's only really become the big topic of conversation recently is because it took Meta a while to roll this out. So it took as Meta often does with with new features and new updates. Um some advertisers get it early, others it takes longer. They also introduce this to some campaign types before others. But now we're in a situation where the vast majority of advertisers are operating in an Andromeda um system. That's why it's become a big topic of conversation, particularly from those advertisers that haven't updated how they do things. They may have seen results drop off. They're still operating under the the old setup. And so, a lot of people talking about it. And like I said, we need to cover this, too, cuz there's a lot of misinformation and fearongering about this out there. So, there's got sort of three summary points here. I'm going to skip over those because we're going to cover those in more detail as we go through it. I actually want to start with these two paragraphs here. Right. So, we've got here, AI plays an important role in Meta's advertising system by leveraging the power of machine learning to predict which ads a person will find most interesting. And that sounds like a fairly standard run-of-the-mill sentence for an ad platform, right? Like, we're using AI and machine learning to try and put the [clears throat] right ads in front of the right people that they're more likely to engage with. Um, but that's really key to Andromeda because Andromeda is doing this in a much more sophisticated way to what has been used previously. And I really want to sort of focus in on this predict which ads a person will find most interesting angle. You'll see why that's important as it comes up. And they sort of justify why that's that's important. It says this helps people learn about a business or product they are interested in while helping an advertiser meet their objectives such as increasing brand awareness, acquiring new customers, and driving sales. Obviously, if your ads are put in front of people that are more likely to be interested in your products and services, you are more likely to make a sale, generate a lead, etc. Okay, this next paragraph is also very interesting and revealing. So, retrieval is the first step in our multi-stage ads recommendation system. And that's what Andromeda is. It is a much more sophisticated ads recommendation system that operates differently and has consequences for us advertisers. Why we need to update things and change some of our best practices. At this stage, it's tasked with selecting ads from tens of millions of ad candidates into a few thousand relevant ad candidates. In the following stage, larger more sophisticated ranking models predict people and advertiser value to determine the final set of ads to be shown to the person. So if you think about if you're targeting the whole of the US for example, how many other advertisers are targeting the whole of the US? Tens of millions if not more of potential ad candidates and that needs to get whittleled down from all those different ads, all those different advertisers because so many people are advertising nationwide broad targeting um or or a variation of to really narrow it down. Okay. We'll we'll remove 99 whatever percent of the various options and then from there we'll narrow down even further narrow down further to work out which ad is most likely to be most interesting to that user but also most likely to meet the objective that the advertiser wants. Right? So that's kind of an overview of what Andromeda is and and how it operates. But we need to focus in on a few elements here because those are those are really important. Okay. Okay. And the meta is kind of setting the scene with this next section talking about challenges of opportunities in this new era of advertiser automation with generative AI. Um, and basically they're highlighting two points. I won't go through all the detail here, but highlighting two points that because advertisers are using AI to produce ad creative, uh, not just outside of platforms with various AI tools, but also within platform to create lots of variations of ads. So if you think about using advantage plus creative where you meta may add text overlay to your images or animate them or may add music or may uh you there's all sorts of different enhancements within advantage plus creative. Well those are all different ad variations and you can have tons and tons of different ad variations from just the one sort of seed ad that you've created as an advertiser. So using that stuff as well as the external tools to produce more ad creative basically means there's a explosion in the number of ads in the number of ad candidates. So you can see one of the big challenges of the AI era of advertising is going to be instead of meta having to sort through millions of ad variations it's going to have to sort through hundreds of millions probably billions of different ad variations um as that sort of grows in an exponential way. So that's that's the first big challenge that Andromeda is designed to to cope with, but also to allow us to benefit from. And then the second big challenge here is tight latency constraints. Basically, Meta's got to do this really, really fast because if you're midscroll or you're swiping through stories or whatever it is, that next ad wants to have been sorted through all the various different ad candidates and worked out just the right one so that it can be put in front of them straight away. There's no sort of loading, buffering, etc. And you also can take advantage of changing user interest and focus and attention really quickly. This has the potential to get really complicated. I'm going to try and keep it simple and bring it back to the parts that matter for us advertisers. You know, we're not developers, right? We're we're we're advertisers. We want to get better results. So talking about deep neural networks and using the super GraceHopper super chip and deliver superior performance. But it's this first sentence again in this paragraph that I think is interesting. So Andromeda improves performance of meta ad system by delivering more personalized ads to viewers and maximizing return on ad spend for advertisers. That's the name of the game here. If we can have a more personalized ad delivery system, we get better results. If you think about this is is what Andromeda is trying to do is be a much much more sophisticated version of what we used to try and do manually as Facebook and Instagram advertisers many many years ago when we try and be ultra specific with our targeting and match the messaging in our ads to the target audience because that's been a known marketing tactic that works since forever. Right? If you just talk to everyone, you talk to no one. If you talk to people very specifically and it resonates with them and you call out their pain points, they're more likely to listen to it, to take action, to believe that your product or service will work for them. And that's what this is looking to do. It's looking to do this at a massive scale and get things really personalized for the individual to uh help improve performance. So, let's move on to the next section. So, we've got Advantage Plus automates budget allocation, audience targeting, and bid adjustments, streamlining, campaign management, and boosting performance through more ads in the system for different audiences. So, we've seen the effect of that for a number of years, right? As Meta has been able to automate uh things like targeting uh budget allocation, bid adjustments automatically, we have gotten better results. It's why more and more advertisers have switched to Advantage Plus campaigns or switch to open targeting that takes advantage of some of this stuff. That's what that first part's talking about. For example, when advertisers who did not previously use Advantage Plus Creative turned on its AIdriven targeting features, they experienced a 22% increase in return on ad spend from our ads. We estimate the business using image generation are seeing a 7% increase in conversions. So, this next part is kind of crazy. Even at this early stage, more than a million advertisers use our generative AI tools to create more than 15 million ads in a month. Now, like I said, this article was released almost a year ago. I guarantee that number has increased massively and more and more people are using the tools like I said within meta also externally but this is really focusing on the stuff within meta to produce way more ads way more ad variations they're using advantage plus creative um and taking advantage of that. So this effect is only going to continue to increase uh particularly as well as advantage plus creative and those enhancements that you see become more and more sophisticated. And then after that it gets really complicated with all sorts of diagrams and more talk on neural networks and more talk on hierarchical indexing and stuff that honestly is too complicated for most advertisers certainly too complicated for me gets very technical and just not stuff that I think we really need to worry about. Um that's more developer world than it is advertiser world. So if I had to sort of summarize Andromeda and a good way of thinking about it, I think it's like Andromeda is like Meta building out its own Netflix recommendation system. So instead of everyone just being shown the same films or TV shows to watch within comedy, uh Netflix is going to show different options first to different people based on what it thinks they are most likely to be interested and watch based on previous viewing habits and things like that. That's that's what Meta is doing. So previously of course the system before Andromeda still worked out these are the best types of ads to put in front of these people [snorts] but it was done as sort of more of a group level. So okay we've grouped these people as interested in ABC. Therefore they meet tick the boxes and meet the requirements to be shown ads from advertisers XY Z. Whereas now with Andromeda we're getting much more specific to the individual. So, it's more sophisticated, more personalized. Uh, like I said, just like a Netflix sort of comedy playlist recommendation system where not everyone sees the same thing. Some people are shown different things um to others, even if they are both of those people are categorized as being interested in comedy. So, in a second, we need to talk about why Meta created Andromeda and the changes that we need to make as advertisers to our Facebook and Instagram ad strategy to get the best results now that Andromeda um is here. But first, I want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible meta ad results, including multiple daily live calls with me and my team. Uh, unlimited one-to-one support, ad account audits, exclusive training material, like I said, all the stuff you need to get the best possible results. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description. Go ahead and click on that and book a call with one of my team members and hopefully we get a chance to work together directly very soon. So, why did Meta create Andromeda? >> Why? Why? Why? Yeah, I've heard all sorts of ludicrous things said uh from people saying that Meta did this because they want to worsen results and hurt advertisers. Like that is absolutely not the case. Meta is highly incentivized for us advertisers because we are their customers to get better results because if we all stop getting any leads and sales from Meta tomorrow, we would all leave and Meta would stop generating revenue and the value of the company would crash. Like that's absolutely not what they want. They want us to get the the complete opposite. In fact, they are highly incentivized to get us advertisers the best results possible because then we keep paying them money and if they get us even better results, then we spend more money with them, we scale, they grow as a company. So, just wanted to sort of dispel that myth because I've seen that knocking around quite a bit. So, why create Andromeda? Well, the real key here is personalization. We've already talked about that quite a bit, but putting more relevant ads in front of people makes it more likely they will take the action that us advertisers want them to take, and they will also like it too, right? People don't mind advertising if it's for things they are interested in as much as they do if it's for things they are not interested in. Okay? So it helps improve performance for us advertisers and keeps the user happy. There also a big time component to Adromeda. So um trying to do it faster, deliver the right ad to the right person at the right time. And that time element also makes it more likely that you will get the result you want as an advertiser. Cuz if even sometimes in some industries if your ad is delivered to someone u who's the right person, but you got the wrong day. They've already bought the such and such thing that they were looking for and researching and you could have got an ad in there, but it didn't quite work it out fast enough. Then you could be missing out on return on ad spend and on sales because of that. Like Meta had personalization previously and they had systems to be able to do that relatively quickly, but people were grouped as opposed to being narrowed down to the specific individual. And yeah, that basically left rorowass on the table in Meta's opinion. And we can see that because when we tried to group people manually with our own targeting options and serve them ads, we didn't get as good results as we did when we went broad in most cases for most advertisers over the last few years. So that's a good example of how this system can work uh better by instead of grouping people making it more specific to the individual. And then of course Andromeda was to some extent a necessity. They had to update the system because with AI and automation creating way way way more ads than we've seen previously. Well those all need to be sorted through and organized. Okay. So for some advertisers that leads to an obvious question right? If Andromeda is supposed to improve performance why have my results gotten worse? And just to be clear not all advertisers results have gotten worse. There are many advertisers that are seeing similar results to what they had pre-Adromeda or have even seen an improvement in results, right? But there'll still be advertisers that have seen a drop off that be thinking, well, if this thing's more sophisticated and designed to get better return ad spend, why am I not seeing as good a results in in my ad account? I think there's a few things to factor in here. So, Andromeda has only really become the big topic of conversation in the Facebook and Instagram ad space fairly recently, and that could easily coincide with a seasonal decline. If your business typically performs better, say during the summer or struggles in Q4, that could easily explain it. It could be that CPMs cost per thousand impressions are always way up in Q4 because there's a lot more advertiser activity with Black Friday and and Christmas and that's when advertisers spend a lot of their budget. A lot of advertisers spend a lot of their budget. So, those things could easily be a factor. You could have changing market dynamics. Those are things that are kind of out of your control. The big thing that is within your control is have you updated your strategy and your way of doing things to factor in the Andromeda update because if you haven't that could easily be causing a big drop in performance. Andromeda is something new. There are differences and the best practices that go with it have also updated. Now what that means is that that's a great potential opportunity because if you had great results and came in, they dropped off. If you then adjust your system and your setup to try and take advantage of Andromeda, you may well see better results, not just than what you're getting right now if they have dropped off, but potentially even better than you did previously because Andromeda is a more sophisticated thing to do. And then also, if your competitors haven't adjusted and haven't um gone with the new system and made those changes, which a lot won't, then that's extra potential competitive advantage for you. Okay. Okay, so in a second we're going to run through what you need to change, but first I want to let you know about Hyros. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. High rose has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated 96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Okay, so what do we need to change now that Andromeda is it? How do how do we get the most out of the new system as advertisers? How do we update our strategy? All that sort of stuff. I've got some recommendations for you. And this increased personalization is is at the core of this because that really creates a big opportunity for us advertisers in what we can do. And I'll I I'll explain what I recommend you do and talk through the logic of it as well. So my biggest recommendation is an increase in volume of ad creative. More ads is better. Meta used to make recommendations around don't have more than six ads in an adset at any one time. Now we're regularly running adsets with 20 ads or more in there. If you think about what Meta is able to do, they're able to work out of those 20 ads, let's say, this one is right for this person and this one is right for this person. So that increased level of of specificity when it comes to personalization means that more ad creatives gives Meta more flexibility to put the right ad in front of the right people. Then within that increased ad volume, ad creative volume, you also want to try and increase creative diversity. So not just different ad variations, right? not just changing the image on a background, but different ads with different angles that focus in on different things and that different people might be interested in that might grab their attention uh more than others. Right? So, if you think about creating lots of different ads, you want to try and hit different things. And these will vary a little bit depending on what it is you're selling, but I've got a little list I'm going to run through. So, you could create different ads that try and hit people at different stages of the awareness ladder. So, the awareness ladder in marketing, you're probably familiar with it. You start people that are sort of not even problem aware, completely unaware. And then ads that are targeted, those people will often be like, "Did you know that such and such can be a real problem?" And then you go through the various other stages. And then you've got sort of problem aware, so they're aware of the problem but not aware of the solution. So then you have ads that explain the solution, but you don't need to explain the problem in the first place because they already know. And then you have ads to people that are solution aware, where you don't de you don't explain the solution more broadly, but you talk more specifically about your product or service um to get them to to buy that. You can create ads thinking, okay, does that apply to my industry? Could I create some ads that are explaining the problem in the first place, create other ads for people who already know the problem but don't know the solution. And and then all the way down that that's a good way of thinking about, okay, how do I create ads for those different different options? You could create ads that touch on different pain points, right? Maybe your product or service solves different issues. Maybe your competitors are more expensive and more timeconuming. So you could have one ad that really focused on the fact that you're cheaper, another ad that really focused on the fact that um people can save time, lots of different pain points, lots of different uh industries. Have a think about those. And then you can also flip that, right? And different desires. Does someone want to save time? Does someone want to save money? Does someone want to buy your product or service because they're going to look really good in front of their friends when they've bought it? Does someone want it because it's going to be relaxing? Does someone want it because it's going to be really exciting? All sorts of different desires that you can think of. Not all will apply to all products or services, but some will apply to some. And you can look to use ones that might work and different angles because different people might be interested in different things. And that's what a drummer is able to do. Able to go, this person wants to uh mitigate issues. They're booking a fasttrack queue at an airport, for example, right? So they don't have to stand through all the cues going through security. One person might be booking that because they want to save time. Another person might be booking that because they're an anxious traveler and they really don't want the risk of missing their flight stood in a queue for security. Another person might buy it because they want to feel swish that they're just walking straight through to the front of the queue. Those are three different desires for the same thing and different people will be interested in different ones. Like a business person is probably more going to be interested in the time saving. An anxious traveler and frequent traveler is going to be more interested in not missing their flight etc etc. Okay. And then different avatars within your target audience. So there are likely to be within your overall target audience different groups of people and you can speak to them specifically. Imagine advertising a gym, right? You're going to have people different ages. They're going to be different fitness levels. They're going to be coming from a different place. Are they trying to lose weight? Are they trying to gain muscle? Are they trying to get in better shape to compete in some sort of sport or athletic event? Are they doing injury prevention or injury rehab? You could create different ads for all of those different use cases and different avatars. Like older people are more likely to be interested in X. Therefore, we can create ads that are more suitable for them. And again, another good way of thinking through um the different ads, right? So, in general, I get this question all the time now. How many ads should I be looking to put in my ad campaigns? And my my advice here is as many highquality ads as you can produce. Don't necessarily run them all at once, particularly if you're operating with a small budget. Meta still needs to be able to test the ads and see which can perform best. And that's still a process that's going to occur. But the vast majority of people I speak to, they are constrained by how much good stuff they can produce, not by what Meta can handle nowadays with Andromeda. That's a big big change. That wasn't the case even a few years ago. What I see a lot of advertisers doing is they hear, "Oh, I should have 20 ads in an adset." And then they just go ahead and create 20 ads every week. But the only way they can create 20 ads every week is if they're basically variations on a theme or, you know, they're just swapping out something really small or they're just not very good. Don't do that. Don't create volume for the sake of volume. Uh well, actually, no, you do want to create volume for the sake of volume because that helps. But only do so if the ads you're producing are high quality and if the ads you're producing have different angles, hit different pain points. Talk to different desires. Talk to different people at stages of awareness. Uh talk to different avatars within your audience and then allow Meta to be really smart and work out, okay, this person needs to see this ad. This person needs to see this ad. And another part that we haven't talked about or what wasn't expressly said within that document, but I've talked about because it's obviously being featured within the new system, and I've mentioned this on other videos, is meta being able to add sequence. And if you have more creative diversity, the meta can add sequence more effectively. What do I mean by that? Some people within your target market are basically ready to buy. There's no point putting a an awareness style ad, a top offunnel ad in front of that person. You might as well just go for it. Go for the sale. go for the the lead inquiry, whatever it is you want people to do, right? With a more direct bottom ofunnel style ad. But some people do need those top offunnel style ads. So again, by Andromeda being really smart, being able to personalize if you put ads that would previously have hit different uh stages of the salesunnel in together. Meta is smart enough to work that out, right? Some people going to need to put a top of funnel ad in, then a middle of funnel, then a bottom funnel. Other people straight for the bottom of funnel. If you put them all in together, Meta can work that out for you as opposed to separating out into different campaigns or different adsets and then forcing the issue by saying, "No, only advertise to these people." This is really quite a difficult thing to get your head around if you are if you're someone who's been advertising on Meta for a long time and you come from a multi-step salesfunnel process, tons of retargeting, manually set up retargeting. Um, this is very different. Requires, you know, you to trust Meta a lot more. But I've talked over the past few months about different campaign structures and about including different ads that hit different um stages of the funnel, hit different pain points, using hook variations to create lots of different ad creative relatively quickly and easily. And I consistently see on those videos people coming back with, "Wow, I changed over to the new setup and my results have gotten so much better. I've I must have seen that comment a hundred times or a variation of it hundred times um in the last month or so." And that's because yes, lots of advertisers have experienced big drop offs from Andromeda because they did not update their system, their strategy, their setup to the new setup. And if you do, if you play by the new rules as it were, if you give basically Andromeda and Meta's machine learning system what it wants, it can work for you as best it possibly can and help you get um significantly better results. Okay. And one of the big changes that we need to make to facilitate that to facilitate all this extra ad creative uh and being able to get the best results and allowing method to do its thing is a change in campaign structure. And I have seen some nutty campaign structures recommended by people in this space to help um take advantage of Andromeda or combat Andromeda. And it's quite clear whenever I see these crazy campaign structures being talked about, especially in relation to Andromeda that these people don't really run many live ad campaigns because they're completely impractical. They certainly don't have 1,200 plus ad accounts um in their business manager like we do. And we're running thousands of meta ad campaigns at any one time. We very much see what works in the real world, not just in theory. And actually with Andromeda, you want a very simple campaign structure. Probably not just the one campaign, uh but you want a very simple campaign structure. And I go through all of that in detail in this video here. And I think this is a logical next step to go ahead and watch this after you've seen this to see exactly how we're doing things. This is very much done with Andromeda in mind. It's what Meta wants us to do. And once you switch over, you are likely to see significant improvement in results. So go ahead and give this a watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @MartinVargasWallin [15 likes]: A problem that I see is that even with high creative volume, 10-20 creatives in one ad set, the meta algo will prioritise and a lot of creative will not get any spend at all. For me that is wasted creative efforts, money in the bin and not really better performance.
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @lisajanejones6308 [1 likes]: I'm not convinced on Metas AI at all. For example, my own personal feed is now full of the most random content and ads that I have absolutely no interest in and never have. Its a hot mess that make no sense. I use to enjoy scrolling FB as all the content and ads I saw where based on my interests and stuff I've engaged with etc ... not any more.
  4. @rosaalcala5914: It is a total scam, you are being paid by meta. I just had many issues with meta app, I am disputing with them an invoice without any reason or explanation, I pay $2 dollar daily by an article + tax and then I got more and more charges for thing that are no explanation. Hate people like you trying to push stupid platform for simple people
  5. @josh_ux: So is this the beginning of the end of ad sets then? Do we just set the campaign strategy and launch one ad set with 20 or so ads and then Andromeda takes it from there? I'm still confused with how ad structure should be post Andromeda.
  6. @mikaylaxam: How many ad creatives should I have in an ad set that has a budget of $20 per day?
  7. @jakefrosher: 👀
  8. @martiejunior: But then how do you optimise specifically if all stages of the funnel are in one campaign? How do you know which is the part that needs to be tweaked (pre-aware vs ready-to-buy) if it's all in one big wash of a campaign with X cost-per-sale for example?
  9. @TahaBue: Thanks!
  10. @aronuchukwuezugo615: 10:36 But they ban ad accounts wrongly and don't have a human support people can reach out to fix it so we can keep spending with them.

How does it make sense?
  11. @chukwudumofoegbu: Hey Ben, how does the new Andromeda update affect your omnipresent ad strategy?
  12. @valea-o8g: do I have to activate Andromeda or is it already turned on?
  13. @jnpilot: Who here is having issues with the video views objective now delivering to the same person over and over again? In just two weeks, I had a 10 freq for the same size audience previously used that would have a 1-2 freq in the same time period. Its goal seems to be to obtain video views at the lowest price without any regard to frequency.
  14. @MountainCollectivePodcast: thank you sir.
  15. @IvanmoralesSMP: funny I was allready doing all of this prior to the update .. now I understand why my I didn't get affected
  16. @lektrolietuva: This creative strategy is amazing and it really works! Thank you su much, Ben!
  17. @namitshri: If we are selling different products targeting different genders, should we create different ad sets for each, or will Meta AI be able to target the right creative to the right gender on its own in a single ad set?
  18. @taniacasey6617: Hey Ben, I've been watching your videos for a little while now so the company I work for can do paid promotion. We have a good size CRM but in New Zealand, I'm not we can import our clients info into meta due to our privacy laws. Not without stating this in sign-up T&C's which is ok going forward, but any historical customers would have to be excluded. Do you know more about this situation with some countries?
  19. @DBMTexas: Here’s the real issue. I’m a small apparel business owner, and I’ve been through three agencies. Each one promised they’d be better than the last, and each one failed. In the end, the agencies made more money than I did. They’ll celebrate getting a 2–3x return like it’s a huge win, but for a business like mine, that’s not good enough. Once you factor in agency fees, cost of goods, and ad spend, a 2–3x return can still leave you barely breaking even—or losing money.

So what perception does that create for small business owners toward Facebook ads and agencies? Honestly, it makes it feel like they all suck and you’re just throwing money into a black hole. Eventually you stop spending on Facebook ads, and Facebook loses revenue. Yes, agencies bring businesses onto the platform, but if those businesses aren’t profitable, they’re going to quit advertising. And when small and mid-sized businesses stop advertising, Facebook loses the customer entirely.

I know this firsthand—whenever I pause my ad spend, Facebook calls me right away and offers to help for free. And that’s actually smart. Who knows the platform better than Facebook? If they can help small and medium-sized businesses become profitable through ads, they’ll keep us spending long-term—and they’ll naturally cut out a lot of smaller agencies that aren’t delivering real results. Facebook’s goal is simple: keep businesses advertising. But the only way that works is if businesses are actually making money. If Facebook can help owners get more sales and stay profitable, we’re way more likely to keep investing in ads. I know I would.
  20. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp

- This Two-Tier Meta Ads Strategy Is CRUSHING IT Right Now (Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en If you run any ads on Meta, you know that Andromeda and this update has been a big talk for the last year or so. And I made this video here about 6 months ago where I was sharing our Andromeda launch strategy. And I wanted to do a quick little update because while most of those things in that video still hold true, we've kind of evolved a bit in what we figured out is working best for us with Andromeda. And so, I wanted to expand on what I talked about in this video and give you the most recent up-to-date things that we're doing that we're finding is working really well for us inside of our Meta ad accounts. Now, if you don't know me already, my name is Bryce and I have been running ads for over a decade. I spent millions of dollars on Facebook and since releasing this video, we have tested this with hundreds of thousands of dollars in ad spend. And so, again, I just want to share with you what's working for us, how we're thinking about it, and what changes we've made since I rolled out this last video so that we can keep up with all the stuff that's happening with Andromeda. Okay, so in that last video, the two things that we talked about was creative diversification and the actual campaign structures that we are using with Andromeda. And so, I think this is valuable to talk about both of these. So, the first one, let's start with creative diversification. Now, if you are not super sure exactly what I'm talking about, one of the things that Meta has said repeatedly over and over again that they want advertisers to focus on as you go forward is creative diversification. So, having different themes, messages, and visuals that cater to different audience segments. Now, this is really important and when I first did this video, we were looking at creative diversification with having lots of different formats for our ads. So, we just were listing out and thinking about all the different ways that we could package a messaging between the different styles of videos, static images with carousels, and all those things. And so, what we found was that we don't need a lot of formats. What we really need is a lot of different messages and more visuals. And I think a good way to look at this is I did some other videos here on this channel that you can check out in the history where I went was breaking down like bigger advertisers' ads and what they're running. And so, if you look at Hormozi, I think he's a good example of like when I looked at all of their ads and I sorted them all out. You can see here we have seven different ad styles or kind of formats that they're using with a lot of different messaging. So he's got talking head videos where he's just going straight into making an offer whether that's for his lead magnet or his scaling workshop. Then he has more like content focused ads where these are like actual just pieces of content that he's made and he's running those as ads. He's got these social proof videos. He's got these call out images where it's just like text calling out to who he wants to work with. He's got images that focus on the product, social posts and then carousels. That's not a ton different formats. So he's got a lot of different ad variety. He's running 420 different ads. He's got a lot of different messaging, a lot of different visuals, but it doesn't have a bunch of different formats. And that's one of the things that I pointed out in my last video as we were looking at different formats and one of the things that we've really catered down to is like having less ads, less formats, but more messaging and different visuals. Using another expert here as an example. Maria went, she's a big advertiser, she's spending a couple hundred thousand dollars a month and you can see she does the same thing but with different formats. So when we look at all of her ads that she's running and she is running 260 different ads, she has like eight different formats. So she runs a lot of b-roll ads. So these are super short like little four to 14 second videos that are all b-roll and all different messaging and visuals, but it's all just little b-roll ads. She does some really short talking head, these are like 30 seconds. She does a lot of social proof just like Alex. She does like product images, she does carousels. She runs some straight up long form content. So these are like talking head 30 yeah 20 minute one hour videos and then she's got some different static images and some b-roll ads. So again, not a ton of different formats but a lot of different messages and visuals. So the messaging is different and the actual visual that you would see is, you know, shooting a video in a different place, having a different actual visual on the video, being in a different location, whatever it is. And so I think that was really important for us when we were thinking about creative diversification was in the beginning, honestly, I think we went overboard with how many different styles and formats we were trying to make. And what we really came up with is we just need to hit a couple of different formats really well. So, we're doing a lot of B-roll ads, we're doing a lot of talking head, we're doing a lot of like content style ads. So, these will be like direct, these will be more content style, talking head. We're doing a lot of like social proof ones and testimonials. And then on the static image side, we come up with a couple of different formats where we've got, you know, like text, we've got like hero image stuff, we are doing carousels. And that's kind of the creative diversification that we're using. And we're really focusing on like messaging and the visuals that we're using in order to create a lot of different ad diversification. Now, on the campaign structure side, the thing that I had shared that we are still using when we launch our ads is we're doing one campaign, we're doing three ad sets. One of these will be interest, one of these will be lookalike, and one of these will be broad. And then in every ad set, we're just throwing in all the ads. So, this might be on the low end 12, on the highest end like 30 ads. We'll just do all the ads that we make, we will do five different text, five headlines, one description, and we launch these as individual ads. And so, every ad set has all the exact same ads in it. Now, this we're finding is working really well for starting out because we are getting to test some different audiences and see like is lookalike going to perform better than interest. We're getting the algorithm to decide what are our best ads and show us what are the best ads and what should get spend. The thing that's really helping us out that I didn't talk about in that last video is I would call this like phase one right now. And then when we get into phase two, what we're doing is we're looking for winning ads and we're just launching a scaling campaign. This has one ad set, their best audience, and we're putting three to five of our best ads with the post ID. So, what we end up with is we have one campaign for testing and one campaign for scaling. And that has been super helpful for us. This scaling campaign is usually our top performing campaign. And so, instead of living in one campaign, which is what we did do pre-Andromeda, where we always just kind of had like a one campaign strategy, now we have this second scaling campaign, and that usually ends up being the place where we put the most budget, and we get the most performance. So, this campaign is for testing and trying to figure out what we're going to graduate into our scaling campaign. When we graduate stuff into our scaling campaign with the post ID, that's where we see we get the best long-term performance. And then, when we want to launch new ads, we just come in here and we figure out what is our best audience. We duplicate that, and we launch a new batch of ads. Now, depending on what your budget is, maybe when we launch a new batch of ads, we just launch one ad set with all of our different ads that we've created for this next round. So, maybe every 2 weeks we're launching like a new batch of ads. Or, if we have like one angle that we really want to test, or we have one idea that we really want to test, we will just do duplicate our best audience, and then we will just put one angle inside of there. So, we can get a little more data like clarity on whether or not that's going to be a winning angle. That's usually just decided based on like how much money we're spending and how much budget we have. And so, that's it. It's really straightforward. I just wanted to share that with you because this two-campaign strategy of having one testing campaign, and then one scaling campaign has been working really well for us. And again, everything that I shared in that first video is kind of the phase one, but then putting in the scaling campaign has been a real big game-changer for us. So, hopefully you find that helpful. If you want to break down the actual funnel that we're using right now to get high-ticket clients, because this has been working the best for us right now with everything that's going on with the Andromeda, be sure to check out this video right here. Other than that, I've got some links down in the description if you want some help with all of this kind of stuff. So, that's it for this video. I hope you have a great day out there, and hope to catch you in another video soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheProjectManagementCoach: So real quick … the 5 text, 5 headlines, 1 description on each apllied wouldn’t meta consider all of these as 1 entity id and therefore target 1 audience?

Also if you’re targeting problem aware and solution aware people in 1 ad set wouldn’t that be a problem as they are two different audience and instead put each in its own ad set?
  2. @gavinwiener: What might your budget look like either at the campaign level, or the ad-set level to support to handle that number of ads in each ad-set?

- Meta’s Andromeda Update: What Roofers MUST Change in 2026 (New Rules): Kind: captions Language: en If you've been running meta ads, which is Facebook and Instagram ads, or having an agency run them for you, [music] and you're sick of getting nothing but a bunch of spam leads, lowquality tire kickers who have no idea who you are, and a whole bunch of clutter in your inbox, or if you're sick of your crappy lead genen guy telling you to be patient while he tweaks [music] things in the back end. Honestly, maybe you've given up on meta ads altogether. Well, pay attention. [music] Meta ads still work, but they change the game. And the companies that are still playing by the old rules are going to get punished by the algorithm and the platform and not see the results that they actually want. The good news is that the roofing companies that adapt now to the new rules that Meta has actually given us are seeing some of the highest quality leads that we've seen in years, often at a much lower cost per lead than they were experiencing with those gimmicky ads they used to run. In this episode, I'm going to break down exactly what Meta's Andromeda update changed, [music] why your ads stopped working, and the step-by-step adjustments you need to make to win with Meta Ads in 2026. Let's get into it. [music] What exactly is Meta's Andromeda update? I don't know why these platforms come out with these big scary names for their algorithm updates, but the reality is that it is one of the biggest shifts that we've seen in Meta and years. And I'm going to go through the top three things that we've seen change over the past 6 months or so. Number one, Meta now prioritizes deeper engagement signals. What does that mean? It means it cares less about clicks and more about the actual engagement of the content, just like humans care about. So Meta is now looking at watch time, number of rewatches, shares, completion rate, actual good human engagement, and whether the content feels human and authentic and real, which Meta can now determine. Number two, Meta now prioritizes creator style content. So, you don't need to be a big fancy influencer, but we do need to prioritize self-made videos, faces on videos, telling the stories of your projects, your people, your clients, your community involvement, and all of those things. What we're seeing, and you're probably seeing this as well, is that the more raw, authentic, face-on video, behind the scenes document style content is performing way better than the overproduced, highly edited content that we've been used to over the past few years. Number three, Meta does not like gimmicks. So, stop with those new roof or $5,997 ads, your high pressure calls to action, your book an inspection, schedule an appointment, all that hypy language. Meta sniffs that out a mile away and they're suppressing that. They're prioritizing real authentic human content. So, now that you understand what the Andromeda update is, you have this inside knowledge now and you know what it's looking for. Now, let's get into why exactly your ads stopped working and then we'll get into what you need to do now in 2026. So, again, whether you've been running your own ads or you've hired a marketer or an agency to run ads for you, there could be many different reasons why your ads didn't work or are not currently working. I'm just going to go through the top four right now. Number one, when you're duplicating the same creative, which is your photo or graphic or video, into 10 or 20 different ads with different headlines and ad copy, that used to work really well. Now, Meta sees that as kind of spammy and and quite frankly lazy. What they're looking for now is creative diversification, which is uh diversity of different photos and graphics and videos. So, duplicating that exact graphic or photo uh in in a bunch of different ads is just no longer going to hit and you're just not going to get the reach that you're used to getting. Number two is interest targeting. If you run ads before, you know, when you go into the ad set level and meta ads manager, you can choose your targeting. You can choose the geographic area, the uh age range, you can choose a household income percentage, people that might like golf or people that like a certain sports team or different types of interest targeting. that is no longer a thing that we need to do. All right? So, it takes a little bit of workload off of our plate. Why? Because the meta algorithm has gotten so good that they're going to figure out the algorithm is going to figure out who to display all of our different content and ads and messages to. So, we don't need to worry about targeting. Usually, what our clients do, local roofing companies, is they'll choose their radius and then they'll choose the uh age range, which will be like 30 years old and up. And that's it. Let the algorithm do the rest of the work. The third reason why your ads probably stopped working is because your clickbait headlines and offers. I already mentioned a $5,997 roof. I think that's time has passed, but we're still seeing things like free inspection, $2,000 off, free gutters with the roof replacement, free vacation, free flat screen TV. Stop doing those things. Again, Meta can sniff those things out and they're just going to suppress that content. Number four reason, and this is such a big one that we see every day, is that you're running lead generation ads without the foundation of brand awareness. Look, roofing, exterior services are high consideration purchases. Meta knows that people aren't clicking on a single ad with a gimmicky offer and then buying a roof. Those things just don't work anymore. That's not how humans do business. We need to create that foundation of brand awareness to get people to see us over and over and over again before we hit them with those lead genen ads. So that is the strategy that Meta is telling us that they want us to follow. It's very very simple. So I went through what the Andromeda update is, why your ads stopped working, and now we're going to go through what you need to adjust in 2026. So the platform Meta ads still work amazingly well for roofing companies and any business that really follows the game plan that again Meta has actually given us. We just see so many roofing companies trying to play a 2026 game with their 2024 game plan and it's just not working. So let's get into five new rules of meta for 2026. Number one, longer form creative wins. We're talking about faces on video. Yes, you've got to do it. 15 to 45 seconds per video, one concept per video. Don't try to jam too much into the video. The idea is to get people's attention and keep it because attention is the new currency. Number two, authentic content over polished content. Yes, it is good to have a diversity of content such as YouTube or podcast is going to be more highly edited and polished, but on social media, they want to see more of the raw stuff. So, don't worry about getting a fancy editor using all these tools and spending hours and hours editing a video. The raw authentic stuff is what is really connecting with people and the algorithm is seeing that as well. So, that's an accelerant to building trust. Doesn't need to be perfect. You just need to get those reps in. Number three, consistent brand awareness over sporadic lead genen. Think about this. If you only run ads when you're slow, you're always going to be slow. Running meta ads, especially the brand awareness part, is something you should do 12 months a year so that you're creating demand and you're lowering your cost per lead across all of your different marketing. That is how you become five mile famous by getting tens of thousands of people in your local market to see you every single week. Number four, retarget the people that engage with your content most. Retargeting is simply serving additional ads to people that have already demonstrated interest and engagement in a certain level of ads. They've been to your website, they've watched your videos, they've shared your content, they've saved your content. Make sure that you're running retargeting ads for about $ five dollar a day, which is what most of our clients are doing right now to stay in front of those people during that longer decision-making process because again, roofing exterior services are high consideration purchases. People need to think about it. People need to weigh their options. People need to explore different things. So, you need to stay in front of them throughout that whole decision-making process. And you do that with simple retargeting ads that you can automate. Rule number five, creative diversification and the interest algorithm. I know those are big words. Let me break it down. This update is huge. Andromeda rebuilt how Meta sees audiences. So, it's no longer about again us doing the targeting. It's about Meta's algorithm finding the people that are most likely to engage with our content. So, it looks at all of the behavior that it's tracking all of us. It's buying tons of data. They understand what people might be interested in. So that's why we need to put out different messages to appeal to different people at different stages in their buying process to enable the algorithm to actually do its work. So for example, you should be testing videos and also photos and also graphics cuz different people engage with different types of content and you want to make sure that you're reaching everyone, not just the people that happen to watch videos, for example. So, to take that example a little bit deeper, you might have a video that talks to the first-time home buyers. You might have a video talks to the flipper. You might have a video that talks to the empty nesters who are getting their last roof that they'll ever need. You might have another video that talks to that 45year-old housewife who doesn't really care about price. She's so busy, she just wants an easy solution. You might have another video talking to that multif family property manager who's got to get board approval. So a detailed estimate and scope is extremely important to him. The bottom line is that Meta's AI will find your people for you as long as you feed it enough creative variety. So creative diversification, that phrase, remember that that's the fuel that powers this whole system. We're seeing this exact thing play out in our client accounts right now. One example is a roofing company in Atlanta who came to us because they were spending 11% of their revenue on marketing because they're buying a bunch of leads. They didn't really have a strong brand and they knew that that was too high. They were spending north of $500 per appointment. After switching to this Andromeda aligned playbook that I just outlined, we're running brand awareness ads for them, retargeting different landing pages. In just a few months, they were able to drop their cost per appointment to about half of what it was. This is the power of understanding how these platforms work so that you can adapt before your competitors even have a clue what's going on. So, now we get to the moment of truth. I'm going to give you five things that you can do right now. 90% of people that watch this video or listen to this podcast aren't going to do anything about it. I wonder if you are. Number one, create weekly video content. you're already out there on jobs, in the community, in your office doing things. Just document what you're already doing and tell stories about everything. Number two, run a year-round brand awareness campaign in meta ads, Facebook and Instagram. So, 10 to 20 mile radius around your local area, $10 to $30 a day, run multiple videos, continually refresh that creative, and always keep that on 24/7, 365. If you want a deeper dive on the mechanics of that local brand awareness strategy, check out our $10 a day brand awareness strategy video. Number three, if you run lead genen, send your paid traffic to landing pages on your website, not those quick and easy instant forms. If you use those quick instant forms, you're getting a whole bunch of spam. When you send traffic to a landing page, they're more highly qualified leads. Our top clients are sending all their traffic right now to their landing pages. Number four, set up a simple $5 a day retargeting campaign to ensure that you're staying in front of those people that have already expressed interest and engage with your content. Number five, track your numbers. Go into your meta ads manager on a regular basis or ensure that your agency is actually doing that, which they should at least weekly to look at what content is actually working. What are people engaging with? What are people clicking on? What are the lowest CPMs? Where am I getting the leads? going just my conversion rate on my website. We need to look at all of that so we can double down on what's working, tweak what's not, and get better results over time, which is what good marketing should do. Is there some work in executing this playbook? Absolutely. But let me talk about the opportunity and why it's worth it. Even in 2026, I would guess that probably one in 200 roofing companies is doing something remotely close to what I just talked [music] about. It does take a strategy. It does take time, resources, consistency. But the roofing companies that adapt and do something about this, just like our clients are working with over a 100 clients right now that are running this playbook, they're going to create a brand that their market knows, likes, and trusts. You're going to get to those appointments and they're going to be warmer appointments. They're going to be shorter appointments. You're going to get less downward price pressure because people already see your value and know, like, and trust you. You're going to close at a higher rate. Your profit margins are going to be higher. Your sales reps are going to be more successful. You're going to get better referrals and better reviews, and you're going to create longer, more predictable, more consistent, long-term sustainable growth. [music] So, this one strategy is that first domino that can affect so much in your business. And yeah, there's a lot of roofing companies out there that are crying, that are complaining about the market and all this other stuff, but they're not doing anything to take control of this. And I know you are. So, you can run this playbook right now if you want or if you want to get some guidance and [music] help from the Contractor Dynamics team to either teach you how to do this or actually do it for you, then click the link below to schedule a demo with our team. And yeah, [music] this episode was about the algorithm and the platform, but ultimately it's about connecting with the consumer with what they want. And people want a roofing company that they can trust. They want to see real people. They want to connect. They don't want people that are hiding behind a logo or stock photo or AI videos or anything like that. So, by playing the algorithms game, we're actually giving our market what they're craving, which is authenticity and trust. So, click that link below and let's build your winning game plan together.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marketmonster6055 [1 likes]: So getting people instantly to buy is tuff and what you see works best is running video view and brand awareness campaigns and then retargeting the people who already know like and trust you?
  2. @ContractorDynamics: Get the full 5-pillar system for FREE 👇
👉 https://course.contractordynamics.com/

Want us to build it for you?
👉https://call.contractordynamics.com/yt
  3. @Roofers_Roofing: Took the advice and started the youtube page. Anyone who sees this, they are legit. I've already gotten so much value an its only been 2 weeks.

Building a VLOG right now here on youtube of the journey. Check out the page would love feed back and as always 

Stay Safe, Stay Strong,

- Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 Complete Guide) - POST ANDROMEDA: Kind: captions Language: en Most people running Facebook ads are wasting money. If Facebook ads feel confusing, expensive, or like you're just guessing, you're not stupid. Most people are running them wrong because nobody ever showed them the basics properly. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through Facebook ads step by step so you know exactly what matters and what doesn't. This video is going to save you money and time and a lot of frustration. Let's start. Now, honestly, when it comes to Facebook ads, this is easy. So, the very first thing we want to do once we're in Ads Manager is just go over to the left hand side to campaigns and we're going to land here, right? And then we just want to tap on create the type of campaign that you want. If you're a lead genen business like a service-based business where you get, you know, their details, so you can give them a quote or anything like that, you just want to pick leads. If you're an e-commerce business and you get sales, so people purchase the product and you don't have to give them a quote or anything like that. You don't need their information before you get payment. You just tap on sales. All right. Now, for this particular video, we're going to tap on leads, and we're going to tap on continue. So, the very first thing here that we want to break down is the ad levels. All right. If you see up the top left over here, and over here as well, there's three different levels. Okay? There's the campaign level up here, which is basically just about setting in your budget. And then you have the adset level, which is picking things like your targeting locations, your conversion locations, and what page to actually run the ads on. And then you have the ad level where all of the magic happens and you actually create the thing that people see. And also if you selected instant forms as one of your conversion actions, you will also create the instant form right here as well. All right. Now that you understand that, we're going to go through and start this off. So just put in your daily budget. Whatever you think that you should put in for your business. Now my personal recommendation if you're complete beginner and you're starting off, I recommend spending anywhere from $50 to $100 per day. Now that's in Australian dollars. If you're from the United States, it's £35 to $70 per day. And if you're from the UK, £25 to £50. All right. So, what we're going to do now is just tap on next, and we're going to land straight onto the adset level. As you can see here in these two areas, we're now in the adset level. So, the conversion location, if you have a killer website, send the traffic to your website. All right? But 99% of people don't have conversion focused websites. They're usually pretty shitty. So, I recommend sending them to an instant form. If you run a service-based business, like you're a plumber, window cleaner, anything like that, I would just recommend that you send them directly to an instant form like this, just because you'll probably get more leads from using instant forms because it doesn't take them off the platform and you can make them high quality as well by making them go through and answer various questions. Okay, so what we want to do now is just select our page. And then for the performance goal, we're just going to have this maximize number of leads. There's another one down here, maximize number of conversion leads. I've spent tens of thousands of dollars on this. Don't bother wasting your time on this. All right? You end up paying a premium price to get basically the exact same leads. And when you set up your instant forms like how I'm going to show you in this video, you're only going to get conversion focus leads anyway. So, you don't need to change this over and pay for that premium audience. All right. So, keep it on maximize number of leads. All right. Now, we're going to scroll down to audience. All right. So, what we want to do in audience is just tap on this little pencil here. That's going to bring down our targeted location. So also tap this little arrow so you can see what you're doing. So we're just going to type in one of our service locations. All right. So just say we service around Chadston. So now it's targeted directly into Chadston. So what we want to do is tap on drop pin and just drop a pin in our targeting zone that we want to run ads in. And then just increase this to, you know, the radius that we actually want. All right? Or you can decrease this. So just say we want to target this whole area here. I want to run ads throughout here cuz I have a large amount of employees and they reach all around these different areas. All right? So, there's a big mistake that a lot of people do here, right? And it's they don't exclude the areas around the actual targeting. And I'm going to show you exactly how to do that because I want you to make a ridiculous amount of money when it comes to ads. All right? So, I'm going to show you the proper way to do this and exactly how to save as much money as possible. And one of those biggest things is this exact thing here, which is not having exclusion zones. And you're probably watching me right now thinking, Daniel, you just added in another targeting zone, you absolute idiot. Right. But wait. All right. We can actually go in here and we can tap on it and it will give us the option to exclude this. Bang. Now it's a red circle. What I recommend that you do is going through and putting all these exclusion zones all around your targeting zone just like this. Add them up to like 20 m wide each just all the way around your actual targeting area. So it will just look like a big blue area with a bunch of red circles around it. Now, this will stop you from getting a large amount of leads that aren't in your service area. Now, sometimes you still get the problem. So, to make this bulletproof to really avoid getting any leads outside of your area, cuz right now since the Andromeda update, it has been quite a big issue, especially for service-based businesses. We want to scroll down and we want to tap on further limit the reach of your ad. Do not stress, this isn't a big deal. The ads are still going to be broad, so we're still going to get as much reach as before. It's just actually going to listen to our good old guidelines that we just gave it which is just targeting here. It's not going to go for the cheapest lead and start pumping out ads here even though we don't want them cuz currently Facebook billion dollar company does not understand that we do not want that. So tap on further limit the reach of your ads. Go down here, tap on it and then tap on continue and just leave it how it is. Oh well you could you can actually change the um age area because you know a lot of the time you won't get people around the age of 18. So, you can just boost this up to like 25 or anything like that. And I probably wouldn't use this as a suggestion cuz I know my business better than anyone else. I'm sure you do as well. And the chances of you getting 18y olds is very unlikely in the actual job. All right? Like I'd really doubt that they're going to convert and get, you know, whatever quote or whatever business you run, unless you run like a like a restaurant or anything like that or a food joint, you'd obviously have this as 18year-olds as well because, you know, they would love to go out for dinner. But for this particular ad, we're creating an ad for a service-based business. So, I'm not going to bother about using that as a suggestion. We're going to scroll down and we're just going to tap on next. Now, as you can see, we're in the ad level. So, this is where the magic happens. This is where we create the actual ad, what people actually see. Right? So, we're going to scroll down and I'm going to show you exactly how to do this. What I recommend doing is having this on single image or video ad. And when it comes to testing, right, when it comes to knowing how many ads you should make, I recommend having about five ads in here. Okay, for this particular budget, five ads is going to work fantastic. So, now we're going to set up our creative. So, the creative is just the words on the ad, the image on the ad, and just everything like that. So, let's tap on setup creative and then set up image. We're just going to tap on this image here, and then tap on next. So, as you can see, this is what our image looks like right now. We want to keep all these as original. We do not care if this ad does not show up in this placement because we don't really want it to show up in that placement anyway. So, let's tap on next. Now, I can put in the primary text and everything right here, but it does look pretty bad. So, I'm going to avoid doing that in this area. We're going to do it after we fill out everything else in regards to the actual image. All right, so tap on next. So, as you can see here, it's actually generated us some AI images. I recommend just selecting on any of these that actually look good, but if they look like this one here, like it looks like the guy's in a snowstorm, right? If they look like that, just don't even bother clicking on it. But if you find any ones that look, you know, better like this one, this one looks pretty good. or this one here because there's another guy in the image. I recommend just testing it out, right? It's not going to use this as your sole photo like it's just going to use this as another test of the photo which is really good. All right, tap on next. Now, remove enhanced media text improvements and enhanced CTA. The reason why is because we want full control over our Facebook ads and we want to know what they actually say. All right, if we have on text improvements, it'll change our text around which is not what we want. And then if we have enhanced CTA, it will also change what our CTA is, which we don't want to happen, right? So, the ones we do want to keep on is overlays, visual touch-ups, music, and you can have animation on or not. I'm just going to leave it on. Let's tap on done. So, this right now is the bare bones of our ad. All right. So, this is our image. Just imagine this is from Solar Company, not my demonstration page, Daniel Jim. All right. So, this is what we've got right now, the stock standard. What we need to do is put in our primary text, our headline, and our descriptions, and our call to actions. So the call to action obviously for this type of business which is a service based business which is a solar installation we're just going to tap on get quote because that's what we want the client to do. We want them to get a quote. All right, pretty simple stuff. So bang, here's our primary text right here. All right, I've gone through and I've created this and this is actually a type of ad copy that we run for one of our clients who's in solar installation. It's not the exact thing obviously cuz I don't want to show that on ad, but it's quite similar. All right, so I want you to understand that this is the type of ad copy that works. Long- form ad copy works unbelievably well. Some people look at this and go, "Oh, there's a disgusting amount of like writing here." But no, you're paying for your ad to appear and sell someone on your service. So, you want as much writing in here as possible that's really going to sell them. Obviously, you don't want in here just random fluff where you're just trying to hit a word limit. No, you want very sales focused stuff. Pointing out the exact location and person that you want, right, which is a Melbourne homeowner. and pointing out their problem. They usually pay around x amount per year for electricity compared to 1,700 with a properly installed solar system. Right? We're literally eliminating their bill in half. We're doing exactly what the image says, cut your power bills. Right? We're cutting them in half, literally. All right? So, this is the type of ad that works really well. Now, I'm going to scroll down and put in my headline. So, the headline that I'm going to put in is something very simple. I just tell them what I want them to do, right? Which is getting a quote. We want them to go and get a quote and tap on this button here so we can go talk to them. So, bang. Here's my headline here. It's super simple. It's just get your solo quote, right? I'm just telling them exactly what I want them to do. Don't overthink this area, guys. It's really simple. Just tell them, like I said, what you want them to do. Now, for the description, just kind of follow along with that and either give social proof or, you know, push something custom or just anything like that, right? Just anything that you might think will help. So, here's my description here. reduce your power bills with a custom solar system which is just doing the exact same thing the image is doing and the words up here is doing. It is pushing the fact that we are reducing or cutting or destroying their power bill so they don't have to pay as much money per year. All right, that's clearly the angle of the ad which is hey we save you money. Pay us money so we can save you money. All right, but this is yeah this is exactly what you want here. So I'm going to break this down real quick. Off the very bat of the ad, what you can see is the exact target location. So, bank, they know that they are the people in that area. They're also home owners and they're probably most likely paying around 3,200 per year for electricity because this is the average for the households in there. And then bang, here's a quick little comparison to how much they could be paying if they had a solarin system that we installed for them. What this is doing is showing that we are cutting their power bill in half. And then you have the image that reiterates that cut your power bills in half with a custom solar system. And then also massive social proof. Bang. They know that we are trusted. We got 289 Google reviews, five stars, right? We are a trusted provider to install your solar systems. Okay, then we even have a photo of a guy doing it, which is really good. And then we have the actual headline, get a solar quote, the call to action, get quote, and then the reduce your power bills as well. Now, this is an absolute banger of an ad. But we're not done just yet. We still need to actually create the instant form where they're going to go fill out their details and become a highquality lead. All right. So, we're going to scroll up to destination and we're going to tap on create form. Now, in my opinion, I keep this on more volume and I keep this as open and I keep this as optimize. Now, we're just going to tap on next. I remove the greeting because majority of the time it is just a waste of time. And then I go through here and I put in multiple questions to make sure they're qualified because if you don't do this, you will get dud leads and you'll complain, why is my lead quality so bad? And it's because you didn't verify the leads. All right. So what I recommend doing is going through here adding in about three to four qualifying questions to actually make sure that they answer those questions to prove to you that they are a high quality lead. Right? So what I recommend is having about three multiple choice questions. So you just ask things like how urgently do you need it done. Just any demonstration question like that. You know your business better than I do. So just write in whatever information you want before you get on a phone call with them or before you send them a quote. All right. But if you don't know what to write in here, you could add in things like what's the best form of contact. So you could have your answers as email, phone call, SMS, and they can just tap which answer that they like, right? And then you know exactly what type of contact method they'd like to speak to you through cuz some people don't like email, some people don't like text message, yada yada yada. And then I also recommend adding in a short answer question. This one should almost always be, "What is your phone number?" Okay? And then I leave this as minimum characters five and maximum characters 20. This way when I ask, they'll get a question like this. What is your phone number? And they'll just enter in their phone number manually. All right, we're going to also get their number down here after you put in the questions. So, we're going to get their email, full name, phone number. Make sure this isn't optional, okay? We need this from them. It is not an option. And then also, you can get the street address as well, just so you know exactly where they live. So, if you need to give a quote based off Google Maps or Real Estate.com or Zillow or anything like that where you can actually see the property online, this is a great way to do it. Okay. Now, you might get this little warning over here. Too many questions may reduce the form submission rate. That's what we want. That's good. Great job. You did great. All right. You did great, kid. That's exactly what we want. We want to reduce the amount of people that submit the form because it means that we're going to get rid of all the dud leads and all the people that don't know what they're doing and we're only going to get leads that actually know, okay, I want a quote. Okay? So, if you don't know why I made you write in a question that asks about their phone number and also give them a form later on where they actually have to fill out their number as well. This is just to verify that you get the correct phone number from them. Because sometimes people who started their Facebook account with an old phone number, when they go to these instant forms, Facebook will autofill out their details and use their number that they started Facebook with. All right, since they haven't updated and then you would complain, I got a dud lead because nobody answered the phone. But in reality, it was just an old lady who didn't really know what she was doing and she didn't double check that it was the correct phone number. So, we make sure by having this question here to really force the fact that we're going to get the correct number. So no matter what, it is guaranteed that we have the correct phone number. Okay. So now we're going to tap on next. And I recommend just putting in your privacy policy here. You can just link this to your website or you can tap on this bit and just remove it alto together. Tap on next. Now what I recommend here is just putting in expectations. So I keep this as thanks. You're all set. And then the description I will have this as you can expect us to call you within the next 24 to 48 hours or you can expect a quote in the next 24 to 48 hours. Just anything like that. just setting in expectations on what is going to happen next so they don't go willy-nilly going around slamming a bunch of other ads to make sure they can get a quote from everybody else because they know that you're locked in. You're going to give them a quote in x amount of time. Okay. Now, we can have the additional action as go to website and have this on, you know, our reviews or anything like that if we want them to go there. We could have this as read our reviews and then the link is literally just straight to our reviews on our website. Or you can have this as cool business. Put in your phone number here. just change this over to call now. This way, if they need you urgently, they can literally call you right after they've filled out the form and you have all their details already, so you don't need to grab it while you're on the phone. All right, once you're done with that, just tap on create form and then bang. What I recommend doing is just going over here, tapping on quick duplicate, and just making about five different variations of this ad. The only thing that I would change in the ad to do the testing is the actual image. That's all I would change. All right, and now you are a fantastic Facebook ads marketer. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please smash like. Look, if you did want an unfair advantage in your business, there's a link in the description to my advertising course. I'm not going to push you on it or sell you on it. If you do want that unfair advantage, go check it out. See you later. I don't know what to say.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danieldimsey7463 [1 likes]: My advertising course 👉 https://serviceadscourse.com/lp
  2. @kristopherryanwatson: olroyt ? olroyt ?

"cutting in half..literally..."   you could have explained the primary text so much better. 
remember:  observation and introduction of a perceived problem, introduce solution, social proof, reinforce solution.  it''s that easy.  way too much god damn verbiage in your primary text description..
  3. @julianbalthazaar562: Super easy to follow - thanks heaps Dan!
  4. @dennyr2300: Will this work with the new Meta AI and Andromeda, I did not see setup options for it
  5. @NathanParks-s3v: i built an add for a client following these exact steps and it's gotten rejected twice, any idea why? even used similar text to what you showed
  6. @NathanParks-s3v: these are awesome thanks
  7. @gensis251: Thank you !

- How Andromeda Helps You Break Through Saturated Markets: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda this update has allowed a lot of businesses to be able to expand far beyond what they thought using more traditional means. That's for damn sure. No market is limitless. However, this is far as I have seen one of the best ways and one of the best methodologies to expand the market and to deliver your brand message to a wider audience and expand your personal TAM for your brand. >> Yep. >> Unlike anything else that I've ever seen in this platform. >> [music] >> Have you ever seen a strategy like this or a methodology like this expand marketplace? Like you're in the, you know, for this one, this example that we've used dozens and dozens of times here on the ad lab is in the dog space. I mean, it's like dog owners come in and out because obviously there's dogs are going to be sick and then they're going to get well and then there's there's like this constant infusion into the market and a rotation in the market. But have you ever seen anything like this expand a market? Because like a couple clients, like the client we were just on on a call with, he's like, I feel like we've sort of tapped out our market right now. They're in the dating niche. It's like you would will never tap out that market really. And this allows you >> Yeah. I mean at at a certain point like you do you're not scaling you're not spending a million dollars a day in this market but I mean I know in some other markets you're you know doing hundreds of thousands of dollars a day. >> So where is that like if if somebody feels like they have tapped out their market is Andromeda the solution or is it solution with you know uh a disclaimer there? >> Yeah we we have that one client that spends a quart million dollars a day. >> Yeah. we've we've kind of tapped out. Um, a lot of people that I've talked to have heard about the brand. Now, have they bought it? Have they tried it? No. They've heard about it. >> Okay. >> So, at that point in time, it's well, maybe we didn't hit the right painoint, hook, and offer. So, >> if you are like, yeah, it's like, hey, have you heard of, you know, Mountain Dew? You're like, I've heard of it. Like, have you tried Mountain Dew? No. Well, you're still my targeting then. I just haven't convinced you yet. >> Right. So my question is is have they tapped out everybody that's looking to date and are on Facebook as an example? The answer might be yes. They have 100 million impressions and there's approximately maybe 100 million people that could date. Maybe some of them are married but they still want to date. There's 100 million people. Okay, cool. Now have you gotten 100 you gotten a click from everyone? No. There's still work to be done technically. I mean you're not talking about exponential growth after that but 5% of 100 million is still a big leap up. So that's my question. I guess I would say is unless you say, "Hey, we've tapped out our market because we've done every ad possible, every hook, every painoint, you know, every offer, every product development, we've even increased our our our effectiveness of our products service 20x this last two years and still no one cares." Okay. Once you can prove that, then yes, I don't think that that's happened yet because otherwise e-harmony would still be like, I can't get Meta to spend. >> Yeah. Right. But there is probably a top level of spend that you can spend there. What whatever it is, >> plateau. Yeah. You're going to plateau, but you could still But once you reach that level, a small blip up could still be $5 million net profit that year. >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. So, it's like I I do think I mean, you're answering the question, but which is no market is, you know, um limitless. However, this is as far as I have seen one of the best ways and one of the best methodologies to expand the market and to deliver your in this platform, you know, um and it certainly seems like that is the case. I mean, obviously every market has its limits, but in the dating market, they're spending $100,000 a month. It's like I know for a fact you could probably spend 5 10x that is my guess. In their specific niche, but you have to obviously do the research, but Andromeda's this update has allowed a lot of businesses to be able to expand far beyond they what they thought using more traditional means. That's for damn sure. >> I haven't tapped out of market yet. Like we're still growing with that company that spends 250k a day. Like it's it's growth. It's small. It's short. It's growth, but we're also pretty much just in meta. So that's the other part too is like we haven't actually reached into like the Tik Tok the I'm not going to go to Apple 11. That's just apps remarketing. But Tik Tok and um you know Snapchat would be very small. >> TV you know CTV we haven't been done that yet. Google is still just direct response non-brand standard shopping. It it works well. It can scale up programmatic. I mean, there's many other channels we can go into. Yes. Now, >> can we use Meta as our >> creative testing environment for all channels? Absolutely. I mean, now here's another thing that's funny. I was I was actually going to mention is Nike makes 4.94 billion annually. There's only $320 million or $320 million humans in the United States as an example. Now, I know Nike is global, but 320 million humans. They're not all Nike buyers and a lot of them aren't even old enough to wear Nikes. If you think about the kids between the ages of zero and five, you take out probably like 30 million. They've been able to extract $1544 per person alive in the United States every year. So, [snorts and laughter] so it's even if you didn't buy their shoes, if you're like 320 million people, all gave them 15 bucks every year. That's their gross profit. So, it's it's massive massive. And it's like, can you wear shoes? Yes. Well, if you're interested in dating, there's probably oneird of that. But where's your two billion this year? Right? So I would say I don't really see many people that have really saturated a market enough now. Could they scale up a campaign of meta till it hits a point of dim? Absolutely. But we're talking about everything else in in history. No, you can you can still do a lot more, but maybe you just don't want to. That's not the goal of the company. It makes a lot of sense. But I I have seen it grow in industry. Um remember Neato? >> Yeah. It did. Like that's something we still do. We do a lot of marketing um for that agency which is super niche. It's a monastery marketing school. They still >> schools >> that's 16,000 and it's still growing but it is expanding the way that schools are thinking about their business. So it is growing a market because right there we didn't really have a bunch of 40 50 year old female school owners who have never touched a computer in a marketing sense. >> We didn't have a lot of those people knocking on our door saying I'd like this but now we do. So it did grow a market for sure. Um yeah, I would say it's absolutely possible. Now, the other thing I was to think about though is you you made a point earlier >> where you have, you know, the clicks versus the conversions. >> I was one of the earlier adopters into saying it looks like Google and Met are moving towards do you want traffic or do you want conversions? Like you can only choose one or the other. >> Exactly. Yeah. >> Those are two different profiles on people. >> So, can you grow a market if you're only doing converters? No. Because they have to say, I'm in the market and now I'm in your targeting. Right. the non-market, those are things like the feeder strategy, the run um uh view content, those feeder campaigns that we run view contents that will grow a market. Now, you need both of those to continue to scale because you're feeding yourself your own users. But yes, like if I'm doing a conversion campaign, it's my assumption that Google has people that they have already indicated that they're in the market or would be in the market or taking action for something like this that could be in the market soon. And I'm just I'm saturating that entire market and so far we're spending like 600 grand a month and we still haven't hit our ceiling yet. So, Yeah, there's a still pretty pretty good amount of room to grow. >> Have you looked at your reach on those campaigns like in the the dog space? They're like global reach like unique reach >> because >> I mean yeah reach is sort of relative because like there's people that are coming in and out of that market. Obviously there are dogs that are becoming less sick and more sick as the market expands. So >> looking at that um would be an interesting thing. >> Yeah. Like this one here is a small company. This is like the Vanera one. Uh spending about 13K. Um this is only in Ireland and UK and starting to not hit saturation but starting to kind of fatigue a bit. We can kind of see that the ads that we started with are scaling up a little bit in spend but we're starting to see like a little bit of a softening lately. So we're going to do a creative iteration. That's the next the next thing. So like it's relative I think to the location um of of the audience. >> Just might mean you need a creative refresh >> for sure. I mean like now a creative refresh means like hey we burned through all the people that we think need to see this ad and now it's heading out the other side. Now could it expand further? Yeah, absolutely. Did it know it could? Probably not. It needs more data. But when we do the creative refresh, yes, but we hit 12 million people a month uh in terms of impressions reaches 4 million. So I mean when you're spending 329,000 and you're getting onetenth, no sorry 100th of the population in the United States, not too bad. So there's still some a lot of room to grow. There's a lot of room to grow.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tackleqb: This channel is hands down thee best and most technically informative on digital marketing. Keep it going guys! 🫡🙏
  2. @stu-ep6361: Love it
  3. @AB.Tanvir: Really Great

- Create 1000 Ads Without Recording Anything (How To Scale Meta Ads Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Here's a crazy question I want to ask you. What if you could never record any other ad again in your company but still have endless supply of video ads? It sounds impossible, right? But today in this video, I'm going to show you how you can make a,000 video ads. Not one, not two, not 10, 100, a,000 video ads using things that you already have. But the problem is they're hidden inside your business. The best part is that you as a founder is not involved. Number two, they're really cheap to make. And number three, they work like charm. Because people talk about ad saturation, but nobody talks about face saturation. Like my face would also get saturated, right? Like after a time when I'm running too many ads, people are bored of seeing my face. And that's why they need more faces or different types of ad to get more customers. The best part is that this whole thing is a machine. That means once you build it, you can use it again and again and again for yourself and your clients and print thousands and thousands of ads whenever you want. Just to give you an idea, we were testing around 200 to 250 ads every single month [music] in our campaigns and checking out which was working and scaling that up. Due to which I was even able to get to a 4 lakh per day ad spend profitably. So stick till the end of the video, watch very carefully and take notes rigorously because once you understand this machine, you would have a business that is beyond you. That means even if you as a founder is not available to record ads, your business would still growing because you can test new and new ads with this setup. Now to start off with the first thing that you need to understand about ads is that you have something called as a hook. You have something called as a body and then you have something called as a CTA. Now this is a very standard approach of making ads right. So every ad has a hook. Every ad has a body. Every ad has a CTA. A hook is something that is five to 10 [music] seconds that you do in the start. The body is the main part where you talk about the product, your credibility about yourself and everything. And the last part is CTA, the call to action. This call to action part is again 30 seconds long. And body depends. You can have a 1 minute body, you can have a 2-minute body, you can have a 10-second body. It depends. You can have [music] multiple types of body. Now, here's what you need to understand. There's a new update in meta called Andromeda update. Now, this is where everything changes and that's why you need to watch this video because you might be thinking, "Oh, Himmanu, I know you will tell that just record 10 more hooks, 20 more hooks and have the same body." Well, that's the old strategy [music] because after the end of Meta update, if you read about it, you will understand that you don't need to have just different hooks. But Facebook and Meta is asking that [music] you need to have different supplies of unique ads. By unique ads, they mean the whole ad should be different. That means the hook, the body, the CTA, the whole ad should be unique and go to different type of customer personas. And that's when you would have a cheaper cost on Facebook. Now you can go on Google just [music] type enroll meta update and you will learn more about it. But the idea is that uniqueness is the new thing that meta is looking for. And if your [music] ads are not unique that means you're using the same ads again and again and just changing some tweaks and doing some things here and there it would just not work. So now here's how you solve this particular problem. See you need multiple variations of hooks and obviously the number of hooks you will generate is the highest. The second thing that you need is more bodies and more CTA. Now this is how you do it. So the first thing [music] is body and CTA. Now, this is not something that would teach you more because you can record it yourself. You know how to record it. You know how to shoot a body, how to shoot a CTA. If you don't have a template for this, like how should your body be and how should your CTA be, what I'm doing is I'm showing the QR code over here for the next [music] 5 seconds. Now, you can scan that QR code, take a screenshot, and just get the file, the access to how to write a body and how to [music] write a CTA, and you would have a body and CTA written for you. Now that template what you need to do is use again [music] and again and write 10 different bodies and have 10 different CTS right so here's how the maths look like you have body and you record 10 variations of body right so in some variations you're talking more about your credibility in some body you're talking about the product in some body you're talking about your company in some body you're talking about a customer whatever you have 10 different variations of the same body right the second part is CTA now you'll again have 10 variations of that as well right so in some CTAs you'll talk about clicking on the button In some CTS [music] you'll talk about registering. In some CT you'll talk about signing up. In some CT you'll talk about attend the master class whatever you'll have different CTAs and different bodies. Now each of the bodies that you have one thing that would be is script right? So you'll have 10 scripts. Now all of these 10 scripts need to be unique. That means you need to have a different location and secondly you need to have a different clothes right? So your clothes would change and your location would change due to which you'll have unique body sets for video and audio both because the script you are speaking is unique and the place you have the clothes you're wearing is unique. So that becomes a unique ad you'll have 10 variations of that and lastly you'll have 10 variations of call to action again same you'll have script that are different and then you'll have locations that are different. Now once you're done with body and CTA now comes the hook part that means you need more and more [music] hooks in order to create more and more ads. Now understand this part. You have 10 bodies and you have 10 CTS. That means if you combine these two things all together mix and match you'll have 10 into 10 that is a 100 different combinations right? Why? Because you can have body 1 with CTAA. Then you can have body two with CTAa. Then body 3 with CTA. So A B C 1 2 3 4 like till 10 and this till uh A B CDE E F GH I J I JK to J and 10. You keep on combining them you'll have 100 different variations. [music] Now once you have got these 100 variations you need different hooks in front of them right you need multiple hooks in front of them so that you can create multiple variations of ads technically if you can just create 10 hooks and put them in front of them you'll have a 100 ad videos but we'll not do that we'll have more hooks and less in body of CTA that means if I can have a 100 hooks in front of this and then combine them with the right body and the right CTA I can have 10,000 ads produced with in a short period of time because all I'm doing is I'm just trimming and putting them together Right? So you can edit your body, you can edit the CTA videos. Now once you have those videos ready, 10 videos here, 10 videos here. What you can do is just have a very basic video editing tool in which you can put the body CTA 1, then CTA 2, then CTA 3, then CTA 4 and render all those files. You'll have 10, then body 2, CTA 1, CTA 2, CTA 3, then you'll have 10 more. And with this you can create a 100 V ways of body and CTA. So that in your life you never need to record body and CT. So that's the first problem we have solved. Now the next problem we have is hook. Now to have the hook ready there are multiple styles you can use right in this video I'm going to give you seven ways right seven different styles through which you can record different types of hooks. So let's get into them one by one. The number one very basic that you can use today is called as testimonial ads. That means you have a lot of customers you have a lot of clients. What you need to do is you need to get to your customers and clients and ask them for testimonials. In return for testimonial you'll give something of [music] a bribe. Either you can give a discount code, either you can give something for free, a ebook, masterclass, whatever you want to give, but you give something away for free in order to get testimonials. Now I have 3,800 video testimonials. Imagine what can and I do. I can make a body which is so this was our client who was [music] able to do XYZ. If you want to click the link below, blah blah blah. This is my body and CTA and I can just have 3,800 video testim. The idea is the more testimonials you have, the more proof you have. Always understand that your customers will always sell more than you. And the reason is the customer is the hero of the business not you. You are the facilitator of heroish. But the real hero of the business is customer because they were someone who was not famous, not rich, not lost weight, not relationshiply good, whatever, right? They were in a problem. Now they did some action and now [music] became successful, rich, thin, happy, whatever the case is. And they are the real hero. You need to project your heroes and testimonial ad works [music] like crazy because you are showing life proof of what works. So you would simply ask your customers to give you testimonials and [music] all those are simply nothing but ads. So you put the ad, you put the testimonial video, you edit it nicely and after that you put your [music] body plus CTA and boom, your first ad is ready. So the more number of testimonial video you can generate, the better it is. So in this case we'll just say that you got 10 testimonials and not more than that because we'll do a calculation at the end. how many hooks we generated, how many total ads we generated. So let's say 10. 10 is the number of testimals you are able to get. I feel that anybody who's running a decent enough business can get test 10 testimonials very easily. Number two is called as viral social posts. Now here's what I want you to do. I want you to go in the internet, find your competitors, see your account as well and simply [music] see what were different viral social media posts that your competition and you were able to create. A viral is something [music] that is expected to perform than the normal one. If a page has normally 50k views, but one reel has about 400k views, that means that reel has a viral hook. The chances of that viral hook working on ad is also higher. That's why what you need to do is you need to simply go and find all the competitor's post if you don't have yours or simply go to your [music] post and see the most viral ones. Once you have the most viral ones all of those are nothing but great hooks to use. [music] So let's say you went on the internet and you find all these social media posts differently different differently and all you got was 10 different post right 10 different post from your competition and you that you saw are vital in nature and the the thing that was said in the first 5 10 seconds of that video was something that is relatable to your business or product. Now once you have done that part you come to position number three. Position number three is called as your [music] support calls. Now every business has some kind of support calls right. These are the calls where you are either giving some weekly call or you are taking a event or you are doing some kind of group teaching, right? Where you are actually solving a problem of a lot of customers on a group call, right? And agencies also have this. You can have one-on-one calls. I don't care. But you have some kind of calls. There are video calls going on. What I want you to do is scrape out those support calls. Go through all the support calls and simply see what are the different problems that customers are facing. And let's say the support call goes like or someone unmutes them and simply ask hey I have this question which is X Y and Z and then [music] you answer that particular question that's it just take a clip of that and once you have taken a clip of that of 5 to 10 seconds that becomes a hook for you now don't think it will work or not just scrape out hooks as many as possible and [music] once you have those hooks you would see how mind-blowing this architecture becomes in the long term so let's say after doing all the parts all support calls and everything you got 10 different clips that you can use don't think about the quality too much don't think about anything right now because all we're trying to crack is messaging. We are not trying to create the best ads. We are trying to find the best messaging. You don't know what works. [music] You don't know the support calls work. The set ad works, the spiral social ad works for your account, for your product. That's why what we're trying to crack is messaging. What pattern can you see that is working [music] every single time due to which we can repeat that pattern and keep on continuing those pattern. Example for me testimonial ads were working the best where we are taking a camera going to a customer and be like hey hey hey Ju do you think this would work or hey hey hey Raj do you think this is great and we are doing that continuously that's one number one number two was teach which is uh podcast ads in which I'm sitting on a podcast saying something we take there as a clip and then run ad after that that was working for me so there were three four variations that were working for me for you you need to find your three four visions as well and just [music] keep on doing those and not see what anyone else is doing which brings me to number four which is something called as a fake podcast, right? What is a fake podcast? Well, what you will do is you will have some team member or someone else sitting on the other side of the podcast and you will have a proper podcast set up in a professional manner and you will have a mic like a podcast mic and it would act like you're doing a podcast. [music] What you need to do is ask your team member that simply ask me questions that my customers face. What are their hot button problems? Like if you talk about those problems, your customers want to hear about those problems, right? And what your team member will do in two seconds ask the question, heyu, what do you think webinars work or not? Heymanu, what is AI [music] funnel? Himmanu, does AI funnel really work? Himmanu, can someone really build a funnel with AI? Himmanu, [music] do you think people do free workshops or paid workshops? Like just simple questions like this. [music] And what happens is when someone is asking me questions like this, I am just answering them in my imprompt script. Just give random imprompt answers that you feel are genuinely correct, right? It should feel authentic. Once that is done, I feel you'll have 10 different snippets, right? You'll have a one full podcast or 1 hour, let's say, and you got 10 different snippets from that. That is again 10 hooks that you have generated. Point number five, the thumbnail scraping. This is nothing but what you need to do is simply go on YouTube, find your competition channel or your channel and simply go over there and find that top five videos. Once you find that top five videos, the one of the reasons why that video worked was because the thumbnail and title was correct. Now what you need to do is simply take screenshot of those and get ready with them because what you're trying to do is simply say whatever was in the title as a hook and normally just record those videos either in a selfie format or a normal format whatever you want to do and you just record those videos right so for example one of the titles I use is these three books changed my coaching business forever let's say this video is working out really great example now I saw that on my commission profile this is working so cool now I'll take that and I'll simply make a selfie video which is like you know what these three books this change forever how I do my coaching business number one [music] number Do number three if you want more crazy hacks I'm doing a master class and the body and the CTS starts right so these is thumbnail scrapping you'll simply find what titles what questions are working in the industry and people are giving views [music] to it because people are giving views to it that means people are interested in it that means your ads would perform better because people would stop watch your ad and if your body and CT is good they'll click on the ad so let's say you were able to get 10 hooks like this as well point number six team on wider board and here's where the magic comes Right now this is all the work that you're doing one time. Right? So over here you're not included. Over here you're not needed. Over here you're not needed. Over here you are needed. Over here you're not needed. Over here you're not needed. Only this is where you're [music] needed. So you can do three four podcasts at once to create 30 40 50 hooks. I used to do a full day shoot where I used to have multiple post multiple locations and do like 10 podcasts in a series just to have all those hooks ready like 100 200 hooks ready just on podcast format. Now team on whiteboard is nothing but your team would have a whiteboard. [music] any of your team member who can speak well would be on the camera and simply recording hooks of whatever question the customer is asking. What I want you to do is two things. Go to your sales team and simply ask what are the most repeated questions. Go to your support calls and see what are the most repeated questions. Make a list of those and simply go on whiteboard and solve them. Example, one of the support questions you have uh that comes again and again is um would there be a upsell in this workshop? Example, this is a question that you get a lot right on your emails. Now what you will do is you'll have a whiteboard and simply the question is written on the whiteboard and your team member will answer it right and they'll simply say hi I am Aayush from Indian coaching empire and I saw a lot of people who asking this question which is XYZ let me answer that for you and they answer the question and the body and city of [music] you only come which we already recorded it doesn't matter if the face of hook is someone else and the body is someone else it doesn't matter the ad still performs right so after doing all that activity let's say you were able to get 10 more hooks like this and then [music] the last category comes which is called as UGC C P O V that means user generated content point of view. Now this is a UGC ad that your team can record not you but with different kinds of people in the industry. If you do events, if you are into networking events or if you're doing anything, what I want you to do is always have a mic and a camera with you or a phone with you. So let's say you you are with your customers, you are with your clients, you went to meet them, whatever the case is, you'll simply record a UGC ad which is user generated content ads where you would simply go to them with a phone have a mic in your head. You don't need to show your face. So example, there's a person sitting over here. I have a phone. I take my phone example like this. I have a mic like this. I go to them and I simply say, "Sir, sir, sir, tell me one thing. What do you think about AI funnels?" And they would just give their answer in prompt and your video ad is done. You'll go to the second person, you simply say, "Ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, what do you think webinars work or workshops work?" They'll give their answer and you're done. And you'll simply ask again and again more and more questions [music] like this. And these UGC POV ads are ads that are having different kinds of people, different avatars of people [music] that you can use in your ads. And obviously, you take permission from them. And let's say after doing all of that, you are able to create 10 ads. Now, this would also be not done by you. This would be done by team. So, you're not involved over here as well. So, combination of all is that you have 70 different hooks ready with you. Now, think about this. If you can multiply these 70 hooks with 100 body into CTA, you already have 7,000 ads. But I'm going to give you a kicker over here. The kicker is [music] this. You will not do this. You will do something even amazing. And you will go beyond the limits. You would add two things into this. The number one thing that you will record is something called as pre hooks. And [music] this is a very dangerous thing that I've seen nobody use, but has worked charm for me. Right? Number one is pre hooks. And the number two thing that you will use is called as editor style. and you [music] will multiply that by three. That means you will have three different types of editor working with you. Right? So editors have a working style, right? So some editors [music] use a lot of B-rolls, some editors don't use any B-rolls, some editors make it look premium, some editors look at make it look flashy. You need to find three different type of editors who can edit these ads in different ways. The reason you want that is because when a hook is said in a different way, while a hook is set in a different way, the editing style matters a lot because the whole video perception can change just because the editing style was different. So what you can do over here is you'll have three different editors that you're working with and all these 70 ads would be edited by editor one, editor 2 and editor 3. That means this would give result into 210 different variations of hooks. And number last part is pre hooks. Pre hooks are nothing but hooks hooks. That means what do [music] you say just before the hook matters even more because that's the first three seconds. Now what I did was I was a different places and they record different pre- hooks. Pre hooks looks something like this, right? That it's like one line that you say just to grab people's attention, right? So different pre- hooks I used to have. One of the pre-hooks I used to have was something like this. Hey, stop and watch this. Cut. Hook comes after this. A podcast clip or something. The body comes after this. Another one can be, hey, if you're a coach, then you need to watch this cut. Again, after this, the hook comes and the body CTA comes. And I used to record around 5 to 10 pre hooks. By the way, I had 40 pre- hooks, but I'm telling you, just record five more pre- hooks because what will happen is you will compound the production process. You will have 70 hooks that we have already recorded, these ones. Now, 70 hooks, let's say out of this 14 bucks, you can apply prehooks to those 14 ones because we know they are working. So 14 into five now you have 70 more ads produced out of that so these 14 are already working out of that you got let's say um 16 more working now you have 30 ads working in together now you took the 16 you give it to three different editors due to which you get 16 into three you get 48 new ads out of 48 let's say um I don't know 10 more work so now you have 30 + 10 your 40 ads are right now working because you shot 70 now the problem is a lot of people shoot 70 they don't have these styles different styles That's why they theire theirelves put 70 uh hooks cut time after that they get their 14 and they record new 70 then they get new 14 old 14 don't work anymore and the loop continues what you are doing is something smarter you record 70 hooks you get 14 working those 14 multiplied by five pre hooks you got 70 out of the 16 working so 14 and 16 now working you take the 16 give to new editors you have 48 more working and by the time this whole process comes to an end you got 40 ads you can record 70 more because you are not involved so remove only uh where the podcast ads fake podcast just remove this all of the ads do not require your effort so you can ask your team to do that now this is what we used to do every once in a month we used to have all of these recorded once more and that's how the [music] production of ads is so high that I can just keep on putting new and new ads into the campaign manager and see what is working because you're just one viral video ad away to get the most out of everything and now this is the number of ads that you can exactly create I promised you that you would be able to make a thousand ads I'm going to teach you how to make 50,000 ads, right? It just takes some more money. Uh you need to spend on editors, but it does not cost a lot because 1 minute video, some editors charge 200 for it also. Some charge thousand. You just need to see for yourself. Um if you can do it on your own even well, but here's how it happens. You have 70 hooks. You have 100 body plus CT combinations. You have five pre hooks. And then you have three editors. And by the way, if you can do let's say out of instead of 10 20, you'll have 140 ads over here. But I'm saying this say 70, right? Which is very conservative. You can easily get that, right? And if you just multiply these numbers, you'd be shocked because the number of ads that you can in total create by using this whole machine is approximately 10,000 ads. To be exact, 10,500 ads. But you have got yourself 10,000 ads by just doing one single shoot. And I hope this was crazy to you and you were mind blown with this whole picture. What I want you to do is comment down what strategy you're going to use, what parts of this video you're going to use. Number two, what other problems you have in ads that I can solve through these videos. Share this with a friend who's struggling to create more and more ads. And lastly, click on the subscribe button because more value like this is coming your way and you don't want to miss it

  Top Comments:
  1. @sahilnasrani [2 likes]: Always waiting for your video, as ICEX really changed my life.
  2. @Sairamnayak9 [1 likes]: always the goat content 

small feedback : try to decrease the volume of background music its a bit distracting
  3. @mhmahfuz6557 [1 likes]: great, but QR code file is empty
  4. @prodbyaarya [1 likes]: Hi, The google drive is empty
  5. @PawanSaini-4t [1 likes]: thanks bro ❤
  6. @MarketingEngineer-p9x [1 likes]: Drive scanner is not working
  7. @PernillaSimonssonKhammar: $14 ❤
  8. @Hindustansaga: I want to run ads for website design services, but I don’t want to create video ads. Instead, I plan to use carousel ads and static image posts. Will this approach be effective? Also, with a daily ad budget of ₹500, how many ads should I run or rotate per day to get the best results?
  9. @nanda4131: Hey Himanshu, not all niches could implement this but few of your points can be used universal irrespective of the niche.
  10. @hindipaheli_54321: Hey himanshu.. I have a question 4 you! How many ads (creatives) should we use with little budget around Rs.500/day.?  5,10,50...
  11. @nicebuddy4218: on 3 min onward
  12. @CivilXcelByAtif: Verify informative and practical 💯
  13. @prodbyaarya: Hi, The google drive is empty
  14. @prodbyaarya: Hi, The google drive is empty
  15. @mdjayedmallick5933: Body and CTA Drive Folder is empty🥲

- Andromeda : comment scaler vos campagnes Meta Ads: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome to this video. It's true that we've been asked about it quite a bit. Everyone is talking about Andromeda, the new update. There are blows per bed that explode, that decrease. People from [location] have difficulty understanding. We here have been fully testing Andrometa for 3 months now, and we've reviewed everything, all our systems. So we took the opportunity to create an internal document before sharing it. And here's the document, slightly updated for you and together. I think this will take 5 minutes. So stay until the end to fully understand Andrometta and, most importantly, to update your advertisements. On that note, what you really need to know is that today it has become more of a creative game than a meiaby game. To put it in the simplest way possible, Meta's AI will automatically analyze everything that happens, all the texts, everything on your videos, on your visuals, and so on. will analyze everything and will naturally deduce and target the different people. So we'll see later the audience games and so on, but everything is done on the visual today and that's the most important thing to remember. Today, we're working quite a bit on message-to-market fit. The algorithm uses all the words, contexts, and so on to really identify pockets of audience. and we really work on pockets of audience and that's why we really need to be very precise in the message we have, in the value proposition, in the marketing angle we have on the creative because it is the message that will determine the targeting. OK? On your creative, meta will naturally analyze all of that and the message that will be on it, that's what will determine the targeting. Key point number 1 to remember . Point number 2, creative exhaustion. That's the most annoying part. We see it with the people we support and, uh, for the clients we serve, the most annoying thing today is that it's really a creative game. We need to create as much as possible , OK? And the creations run out very quickly. So we always need to come up with new ones. I've included a little note here for you to remember. Rapid iteration and diversification of marketing angles are the only ways to guarantee CPA stability. Basically, as soon as we see that the acquisition cost means that a creation costs more than usual, so 15 to 20% on an increase, it means that we are close to saturation. OK? So, we immediately stop scaling this ad and we're going to do a creative refresh precisely to unlock a new audience segment directly on it . Point number 2, the imperative of the volume of the Creation. OK? In fact, what we do now is we create a campaign, an Ads 7, and in this broad adset we let Meta choose for us because we do the creative work. So a campaign, an ad set 7 and in the ad set we're going to put a lot of creatives, 25 to 30 creatives plus there are more, but anyway you ca n't exceed 50, but try to do at least 10-15 depending on the budget you have every month and you really have to change the hook, the call to action, the body and so on. If there are, well, there are hooks, there are creatives that are very similar, OK, it's going to be very difficult for MTA and in fact it's going to create a bit of confusion about the creatives, which means they're going to compete with each other and they're not going to perform well. So really, make very large designs. OK? Have one person, several people test videos indoors, outdoors, in UGC, in a flowery environment, in a closed environment, in an office. Perform as many tests as possible and the broadest possible test to really give the algorithm the choice of doing different tests. Because you will see out of the 25 to 30 creations that you will put directly into my piles, there will be one, at most, three that will perform well on it. Finally, the last point, the ideation matrix, excuse me, for high- performing angles. Structure your message production around three pillars to speak to the same KPI in 30 different ways. This is extremely important to understand. You have to talk to the ICP, we always talk to the same ICP. If we're talking about different ICPs, we're going to run different campaigns. OK? and we're going to talk to them in a different way to test out the different angles, the problems, circumstances, the results and so on. Do as many tests as possible today. Really, if there's anything to remember, I put a little message here at the end, but you really need to do something ultra- wide. It's about testing different angles in different ways in video, so in dynamic, in static, uh, testing different marketing messages, different hooks, different hooks, different promises. Today, nothing is being done in terms of targeting. Everything is done in the creative, visual, and message we convey. This allows us to test creatives and when we have creatives that win then we will do what we call ASC campaigns where on this, well naturally we will release the top 5 or top 10 of our best creatives and that's where we will scale the budget on the creatives. So, if you are interested in discussing this with us, feel free to make an appointment. I'll put the link directly in my bio. And if not, subscribe so you don't miss the next videos. Good evening.

- How Andromeda Ads Are Breaking Market Limits | Real Strategies That Scale: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda's this update has allowed a lot of businesses to be able to expand far beyond what they thought using more traditional means. That's for sure. No market is limitless. However, this is as far as I have seen one of the best ways and one of the best methodologies to expand the market and to deliver your brand message to a wider audience and expand your personal TAM for your brand unlike anything else that I've ever seen of this platform. >> [music] >> If I recall, the only ads that you were using in this ad account were just UGC. They were just like images of dogs. Correct me if I'm wrong. Right. >> Yeah. And I actually had a conversation and you're you're all going to actually just hop into my uh to my email. Um and here we're we're just going to take a we're going to take a a trip together in my email campaign. So this honestly this is they're in my email. This was in October 6th, >> right? >> So, this is 4 days ago. >> And that's what we're saying is here's here's my explanation of it. And you're not going to be able to see this, but I'm just going to kind of read it off to myself for for memory. >> Yeah. >> I said John's email by the way or reading John's email. >> Reading my email inbox. I'm like, an interesting phenomena that creative types. I do think UGC is the best type for us with volume. People love seeing happy dogs. That's very, very common. Like, no one hates to see a dog that was sick coming back to life. Everyone unanimously loves that. people very much get confirmation of their decision and are also introduced to us with the same UGC ad. But I do >> I would hide your email by the way unless you want to get del used with spam. >> It's too late. >> If you if you I was say if you all click on that Jon is so late that thing's dead and gone for like the last 6 months now. But yeah so so here's what's funny is I'm like an interesting phenomenon. Uh I do think UGC is the best type. People very much get confirmation of the decision and are also introduced to us with the same UGC ad. I do see better performance of our non UGC ads. They've been consistently $50 to $100 cheaper with ENAC. Now, CPM platform ENCAC. >> Encrypt, no pun intended, this to us introducing the product behind the story. People love dogs. They love dogs coming back from illness and love happy endings. Those are great ads, but I do think we tell the other side of the story, product highlight ads. So, what we're seeing in the data flow is, hey, this dog was sick and now they're brought back to life. The people that didn't click it don't know why that dog is really happy. So we said, "Hey, remember that ad that you saw and you've been seeing a few of them because we have like 25 UGC's running at once. Like this is the product that did it and why?" And all of a sudden people like, "Oh, okay. Bye." Or at least the added carts 10x. So while it works for us, capture their attention with happy healthy puppies, then introduce the product afterwards. That seems to flow well. I could double the ad spend without hurting myself. That was a real That was a question I had on another client call this week. They said, "Well, wait a second. Are you guys making ads in this new Andromeda thing without any calls to action? Like everything is a website conversion ad technically and it's all going to have either learn more, shop now, buy now, whatever it is. But in top of funnel ads, like you're not really pushing for conversion or or are you like what's the methodology there, especially when it comes to, you know, the the visual itself as well as the ad copy that's in the ad. >> Yeah. The story does most of the ad copy. Um >> Okay. So unfortunately might not be able to obviously I can't even see this >> but it'll say like 30 days ago I went to a cancer specialist. So it's a story about the dog. >> It's the story. Okay. >> And then the call to action is learn more. This restored my dog's health. So it's almost like an advertorial. >> So it's not it's not really like there's no link in the copy that no call to action in the copy. The copy is just reinforcing sort of the story that they're seeing visually through the UGC. >> Yeah. Like we do have like heavy experience. >> Oh, you do have it. Okay. >> Yeah. We have this thing gets no clicks. [laughter] Okay, >> this this gets all the clicks to learn more, but it is something where it's like this dog was sick and now they're back to health and it's like cool. If you have a sick dog, you're capturing attention. You may not click, but you're capturing attention, especially if it's around the same illness. So, it's every single I mean, you were in this space like, you know, many many moons ago. It's a healthcare. It's like, do you wake up tired? You're like, oh my god, yes, I do. >> It's like introducing sleep. You're like, wow, wow. >> Yeah. Here's the pain point. Unfortunately, the pain point, we address it by telling success stories that had similar pain points in the past than you may have right now. And that's how we're that's how we're connecting with our market, but we're doing it with with, you know, dog stories that are coming back to life. They're coming back to health. So, what does everyone love? A happy, healthy dog. What does everybody not love? You want to buy immunity pills for your dog? Not really. >> But I will if you connect those dots for me. Thank you, Andromeda. >> For sure. You want the afterate. You don't necessarily want the feature, you know, you don't want the product itself. you just want the after state. So that's really what you're talking about here. >> Way back when there was a strategy that we deployed this like three, four years ago before obviously Andromeda and all the stuff that's going on right now is a video view to conversion campaign which was like all right get your ideal audience just get them to view a video and then retarget those video views 3 seconds 15 seconds 50% whatever it happens to be to conversion campaigns. It never really worked. Mhm. >> Because [clears throat] it was always like the objective was wrong because they were viewing the video but they had no intent. And even back three, four years ago when Meta was not what it is today with the Andromeda update, >> it it still had very separate types of uh you know individuals within an interest grouping. In this case, obviously we're now using open targeting, but it's like you're still using website conversion campaigns. you're showing them an ad similar to how we used to do it with those video view campaigns to conversion campaigns which never really worked. I I don't really know why, but it really was because Meta had identified, oh, these are video watchers, but they're not necessarily converters. >> In 2017, 2018, that's when it really started to hit where it's like, I want link clicks, and you're like, you're getting all the clicks. Like, did I get a sale? Like, uh, then that's you got all the clicks. Exactly. >> You get all the clickers. >> You [laughter] know, but in this, it's advantage plus sales. And it's like sale like like that is the objective. So even if they're not clicking, there's still potential >> for them to convert because >> Meta has data on all of us. They all know they know our proclivity to watch, click, purchase on the platform itself and they understand all that sort of behind it. So that old strategy or like the clicks first like remember way back when when meta first start well Facebook came out with ads in the newsfeed it was you do clicks campaigns and then you do conversion campaign warm them up get them familiar and then try to convert them. Yeah. >> We were trying to do all of this >> to like expand the market. >> Yeah. It's like an old school feeder strate basically. It was a feeder strategy. >> We're not doing anything different here. We're just rolling through the same thing for the last 30 years just with different mediums. Yeah, but there's a sales intent with these audiences that you're even if you're going open targeting like you're doing here, I assume there's there's no targeting. There's just geography, correct? >> Yeah. Yeah. There's no targeting inclusion exclusions. We began months ago. [laughter] >> No targeting. That's crazy. [snorts] >> Who was I talking to this past week actually? A woman who's in our space. I was like, "How much targeting are you using?" Well, she does regional campaigns. She's like, "That's the only targeting I'm doing. Like if I'm trying to fill up, you know, uh, you know, a concert in Denver, I'm just doing like, you know, the Colorado market. That's all that's all my targeting. >> Here's here's what's fun, too, is uh, and I I don't want anybody to think like this is like, yeah, right, BS. That kind of stuff. If we look at this one campaign that we've doubled, 93%, you know, 71% more new customers last 14 days. If I go into edit this ad set, >> I'm still I can still suggest an audience. My suggestion was like, hey, let's take out the 18 to 24 year olds because if it helps, that's great. Maybe not a lot of 18-year-old kids or have dogs who are looking about their immunity. Other than that, I'm like, that's so for sure. I would say I would rather not. If I get it, fine. I still do get 18 to 24. It happens all the time. It's still 15% of my traffic. Would it have been 30? Maybe, but it is trying to snuff it. That's as far as we've taken our targeting. [laughter] >> Please know if you can. Thank you. >> That's interesting. I mean, >> I think even if you did have just 18 to 65, what is it? 64 plus 65 plus like Meta would figure it out eventually. >> We've got probably would have gotten clicks, maybe gotten a few sales, maybe they're more expensive and then it would have just been like as soon as the cost cap on their gone anyway, >> So, right. And I think that's the that's a really interesting part about this whole thing is that like your creative does the targeting. Like that's that's it. That's the reason why if you launch multiple campaigns, there's a massive amount of overlap if you have the same ad. It just makes it it's the creative doing the targeting, not you. It's actually AI interpreting your ad and then going finding its own audience on its own. But I have different campaigns. Does the AI care? No. Does the creative care? No. But my adset is spending. Does the AI care? No. Does the ad care? No. Like that's the thing too is like we can ask it to try to avoid stuff. It wasn't going to be a pass or fail dependent upon it. Like it would be where people are like, "Well, I'm excluding all of my existing customers." Like, that's the wish list. [laughter] >> They're saying, "Thank you very much for showing us who to show it to. >> I know that was that was your your that was on your Christmas list this year, but let me tell you something about Santa Claus. [laughter] It's a little >> She may not [laughter] all you kids just >> That's why I was like, you know what? Hey, [laughter] >> that's why I was like, you know, let me tell you, >> close your ears. We don't want it to want any kids watching the show. Anyway, uh 25 plus I think is our audience here on the uh >> that was the only suggestion that we had which again it's a suggestion. It's not a law. It's not a rule. It's not an inclusion. It's not an exclusion. It's a suggestion like that tells you how much your targeting is taken seriously. It says, "Oh, thanks. We'll take it in consideration if you're right. Have you ever seen a strategy like this or a methodology like this expand marketplace?" like you're in the, you know, for this one, this example that we've used dozens and dozens of times here on the ad lab is in the dog space. I mean, it's like dog owners >> come in and out because obviously there's dogs are going to be sick and then they're going to get well and then there's there's like this constant infusion into the market and a rotation in the market, >> but have you ever seen anything like this expand a market? Because like a couple clients, like the client we were just on on a call with, he's like, I feel like we've sort of tapped out our market right now. They're in the dating niche. It's like you will never tap out that market really. And this allows >> Yeah. I mean at at a certain point like you do you're not scaling you're not spending a million dollars a day in this market but I mean I know in some other markets you're you know doing hundreds of thousands of dollars a day. So where is that like if if somebody feels like they have tapped out their market is Andromeda the solution or is it solution with you know uh a disclaimer there? >> Yeah. We we have that one client that spends a quarter million dollars a day. >> We've we've kind of tapped out. Um a lot of people that I've talked to have heard about the brand. Now have they bought it? Have they tried it? No. They've heard about it. >> Okay. >> So at that point in time it's well maybe we didn't hit the right painoint hook and offer. So if you are like, yeah, it's like, hey, have you heard of, you know, Mountain Dew? You're like, I've heard of it. Like, have you tried Mountain Dew? No. Well, you're still my targeting then. I just haven't convinced you yet. >> Right? >> So my question is is have they tapped out everybody that's looking to date and are on Facebook as an example? The answer might be yes. They have 100 million impressions and there's approximately maybe 100 million people that could date. Maybe some of them are married, but they still want to date. There's 100 million people. Okay, cool. Now, have you gotten 100? Have you gotten a click from everyone? No, >> there's still work to be done technically. I mean, you're not talking about exponential growth after that, but 5% of 100 million is still a big leap up. So, that's my question. I guess I would say is unless you say, "Hey, we've tapped on our market because we've done every ad possible, every hook, every painoint, you know, every offer, every product development. We've even increased our our our effectiveness of our products service 20x this last two years." And still no one cares. Okay. Once you can prove that then yes. I don't think that that's happened yet because otherwise e-harmony would still be like I can't get to spend. >> Yeah. Right. But there is probably a top level of spend that you can spend there. What whatever it is >> plateau. Yeah. You're going to plateau but you could still but once you reach that level a small blip up could still be $5 million net profit that year. >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. So it's like I I do think I mean you're answering the question but which is no market is you know um limitless. However this is as far as I have seen one of the best ways and one of the best methodologies to expand the market and to deliver your expand your personal TAM for your brand. >> Yep. in this platform, you know. Um, and it certainly seems like that is the case. I mean, obviously every market has its limits, but in the dating market, they're spending $100,000 a month. >> It's like I know for a fact you could probably spend 5 10x that is my guess in their specific niche, but you have to obviously do the research. But far beyond they what they thought using more traditional means. That's for sure. >> I haven't tapped out of market yet. Like we're still growing with that company that spends 250k a day. Like it's it's growth. It's small. It's short. It's growth. But >> we're also pretty much just in meta. So that's the other part too is like we haven't actually reached into like the Tik Tok the I'm not going to go to Apple 11. That's just apps remarketing. But Tik Tok and um you know Snapchat would be very small. >> TV you know CTV we haven't been done that yet. Google is still just direct response non brand standard shopping. It it works well. It can scale up programmatic. I mean there's many other channels we can go into. Yes. Now >> can we use Meta as our >> creative testing environment for all channels? Absolutely. I mean, now here's another thing that's funny I was I was actually going to mention is Nike makes 4.94 billion annually. There's only 320 million or 320 million humans in the United States as an example. Now, I know Nike is global, but 320 million humans. They're not all Nike buyers and a lot of them aren't even old enough to wear Nikes. If you think about the kids between the ages of 0 and five, you take out probably like 30 million. They've been able to extract $1544 per person alive in the United States every year. [laughter] So, so it's f even if you didn't buy their shoes, if you're like 320 million people, all gave them 15 bucks every year. That's their gross profit. So, it's it's massive massive. And there's like, can you wear shoes? Yes. Well, if you're interested in dating, there's probably oneird of that. But where's your two billion this year? >> Right. So, I would say I don't really see many people that have really saturated a market enough. Now, could they scale up a campaign of meta till it hits a point mission returns? Absolutely. But we're talking about everything else in in history. No, you can you can still do a lot more, but maybe you just don't want to or that's not the goal of the company. It makes a lot of sense. But I I have seen it grow in industry. Um remember Neato? >> Yeah, you know, it did like that's something we still do. We do a lot of marketing um for that agency which is super niche. It's a monastery marketing school. they still >> that's 16,000 and it's still growing but it is expanding the way that schools are thinking about their business. So it is growing a market because right there we didn't really have a bunch of 40 50 year old female school owners who have never touched a computer in a marketing sense. >> We didn't have a lot of those people knocking on our door saying I'd like this but now we do. So it did grow a market for sure. Um yeah I would say it's absolutely possible. Now the other thing I was to think about though is you you made a point earlier where you have you know the clicks versus the conversions. I was one of the earlier adopters into saying it looks like Google and met are moving towards do you want traffic or do you want conversions? Like you can only choose one or the other. >> Exactly. Yeah. >> Those are two different profiles on people. >> So can you grow a market if you're only doing converters? No. Because they have to say I'm in the market and now I'm in your targeting. >> Right. the non-market, those are things like the feeder strategy, the run um uh view content, those feeder campaigns and we run view contents that will grow a market. Now, you need both of those to continue to scale because you're feeding yourself your own users. But yes, like if I'm doing a conversion campaign, it's my assumption that Google has people that they have already indicated that they're in the market or would be in the market or taking action for something like this that could be in the market soon. And I'm just I'm saturating that entire market and so far we're spending like 600 grand a month and we still haven't hit our ceiling yet. So, Yeah, there's still pretty pretty good amount of room to grow. >> Have you looked at your reach on those campaigns like in the the dog space? They're like global reach like unique reach >> because >> I mean yeah reach is sort of relative because like there's people that are coming in and out of that market. Obviously there are dogs that are becoming less sick and more sick as the market expands. So >> looking at that um would be an interesting thing. >> Yeah. Like this one here is a small company. This is like the Vanero one. Uh spending the 13K. Um this is only in Ireland and UK and starting to not hit saturation but starting to kind of fatigue a bit. We can kind of see that the ads that we started with are scaling up a little bit in spend but we're starting to see like a little bit of a softening lately. So we're going to do a creative iteration. That's the next next thing. So like it's relative I think to the location um of of the audience. >> Just might mean you need a creative refresh >> for sure. I mean like now a creative refresh means like hey we burn through all the people that we think need to see this ad and now it's heading out the other side. Now could it expand further? Yeah, absolutely. Did it know it could? Probably not. It needs more data. But when we do the creative refresh yes but we hit 12 million people a month uh in terms of impressions reaches 4 million. So I mean when you're spending 329,000 and you're getting onetenth no sorry 100th of the population in the United States not too bad. So there's still some a lot of room to grow. There's a lot of room to grow.

- Why Gym Facebook Ads Got Harder After Andromeda: Kind: captions Language: en Now, a lot of gym owners have been freaking out recently after the Andromeda change and complaining that costs are going up, ads are harder, leads are less qualified, and so on. So, a lot of gym owners think that ads have got worse, but that's not what actually has happened. Uh I've been running ads to fill gyms for over 12 years now. I've filled dozens and dozens of studios and helped trainers all over the world. Our company runs Facebook ads successfully for studios and gyms all over the world, from all different countries and continents. So, we know in real time what the data suggests, cuz we're spending thousands and thousands of dollars per day in ad spend to fill local studios. And what's really happened is what I'm going to break down in this video. I'm going to talk about what Andromeda has actually done and how you need to adapt going forward. So, what Andromeda has done is it has exposed weak gym business systems. And what that means is that the old way of marketing now, such as having weak, low-barrier offers, free, cheap trials, bait-and-switch challenges, um having weak follow-up uh systems, and overall having weak economics, is now going to come back and bite you on the butt if you're relying on those things. So, a lot of gym owners are feeling the pressure. There's a lot more competition out there. Markets are getting a lot more saturated, and that means you need to raise your game. Andromeda has been built for those gyms and businesses who have raised their game. So, if you do things the right way in the business model, you're going to love Andromeda. If you're doing things the old way, trying to rely on getting $2 cheap leads, it's not going to be so good for anymore. So, a lot of gym owners are now feeling this, right? They're realizing that ad costs used to be lower, ads used to work better for them, same ad they used to use they used to use don't work anymore. Many complain that lead quality is worse, they have more competition, Meta feels inconsistent, they might get leads but they're not making a profit. Um they see other gyms growing, but they think that there's stalls, right? And and some gyms like ours are scaling aggressively. So, what's the difference? What's changed? And that's what I'm going to break down in this video because the gyms winning after the Andromeda update, they're not they're not necessarily getting just cheaper leads, but they're extracting more value from every lead. And that's probably the main takeaway I can start you with is that if you think you're going to win Facebook advertising just by getting the cheapest leads, you're playing the old game and it's not going to work anymore. So, the old belief basically is that if the ads are expensive or more expensive than they used to be, then Facebook is broken, right? And that's not actually how it is. The new belief is that the higher ad costs are exposing the weak offers, the weak funnels, and the weak systems. So, I have always done my ad words for the last 12 years. If you followed me on Facebook or other platforms, you'll know I was telling gym owners a decade ago that you need to follow the principle that I first heard from Dan Kennedy, which was whoever can afford the most to acquire the client always wins the market. That is the number one guiding principle that I've used to successfully run Facebook ads to get gym and PT clients for over a decade. And now it's becoming more and more true. So, that's what you have to think about. The goal is not who can get the cheapest leads. It's who can extract the most value from the customer. And I'm going to show you what that involves and what that means. So, what is actually happening with Andromeda as a technical system? Basically, uh the matching is now broader and less predictable. So, it's not so much based on like targeting signals that you give it. They're relying more on the behavior. So, you put up a broad message and it's kind of tracking who responds. Um the AI is looking at who is responding to what. And that is basically telling Meta to find more people who match those descriptions. So, that means that it's your creative, the copy and the videos and images you use, is what matters more to attract the right people. Not necessarily different uh complicated targeting options. Okay, so we advertise quite broad in a sense and we just get feedback from the AI quickly. So, when there's more competition, there's going to be higher lead costs. That's just simple supply and demand. So, if you have weak economics in your business, meaning you've been uh selling a low-ticket offer, which in a sense is a bit like lazy marketing, cuz anyone can sell things just by being cheaper, when a market is saturated, then the customers are now looking for quality and they're happy to pay for it. So, we need to be attracting those kind of people, not trying to lure people in with low barrier offers, cheap trials, free trials, and definitely not with bait and switch, get your money back challenges. Okay, again, that worked when leads were $3 and you were the first one in town doing it. But it's not going to work uh from this point onwards. what this means that the gyms that are struggling right now, they're running the same tired ads, they have the weak or low commitment offers, they're also very slow to follow up with their leads, they don't have a good uh lead follow-up system in place. They have poor booking and sales systems. They have weak retention and low lifetime value if they even do sign up a client. And then they blame the ads because they're not making as much return on ad spend on the front. But the gyms that are still scaling right now, including all the gyms that I personally mentor, who are growing by at least 10 to 15 new high-paying clients every single month, here are some of the things that we do when we run their ads for them. Number one, we're creating a lot more volume and unique creatives. So, the videos, the images, it's not just one set advert. And it's not just the way the way we used to do is, you know, you'd have one copy and one image and maybe you would change one thing in the image, like you'd change the the color from blue to red. Or maybe you would change one hook in the title. So, again, that's the old way of doing it. Uh Meta now demands a lot more creative value. So, basically all the different ads you run should also have unique hooks and angles, and every advert should tell a unique story and should not look like uh or not at least not be similar to or identical to other ads you have running. So, you need more variety to capture a lot of different pain points in the market. You also need to have a strong high-value offer. You need to be unique, you need to stand out. And to stand out in in market, you need to offer more value, more transformational value than anyone else is offering. Now, I've got other videos on the channel about how to put an attractive, strong offer together, but just know that you need to be offering something that is going to focus on attracting people who want a transformation, not a trial. That's going to allow you to charge more money up front, not do any bait and switch or free trials, and you're going to make money fast back on your ads. You also need fast follow-up and nurture systems. So, again, leads are more skeptical than ever, okay? You need to have a good follow-up system. So, when someone does request info, you follow up quickly, use a range of communication, and you need to get them booked in. Because if you want to sell higher price, you're going to need to meet with the prospect in person. You won't be able to do it over a chat, and you probably won't be able to sell a high-value offer um over a quick phone call. You now need to increase the level of quality that you give to that prospect. So, you need a booking funnel in place. And then, when you do make the sale, you need strong retention, need to keep those clients longer, charge them more money, get better results, offer more value, and just see ads as part of the system, but not your not your savior, not the one thing that's going to scale you to the moon necessarily. So, again, the gyms that are working, they're not necessarily getting cheaper leads than you. In fact, we're probably paying more per lead than a lot of other gyms, but we don't mind paying more because we still make the money back because we're charging in a lot higher prices. So, we might pay $15 a lead, $20 a lead, sometimes $30 a lead for a semi-private program. But if we close a $600 package back, then we only need 10 leads to make one sale. So we might have a $200 or $300 acquisition cost, but we make $600 up front. And then we ascend 70% of those people into recurring revenue. So we still make a 10 to 20x return on investment, and we can keep running ads whilst competitors, whose model breaks if they don't get cheap leads, those guys are getting priced out of the market. They can't afford to run ads anymore because their model only works if they get the cheap leads they got six years ago. So you have to adapt with the times. So again guys, the post-Andromeda solution number one, you need a lot more creative volume in your ads, more hooks, more angles, more variety. Don't use the same title formats. Try different things. Um and volume beats perfection here. So I recommend you're putting up at least at least five to 10 new creative ads every single week. Yes, that takes more work. Yes, it makes making more videos, but that's what the platform demands. Two, you've got to have better offers. So again, stop the cheap low commitment offers. Stop trying to get by with discounts. You need stronger positioning. You need to look at premium front-end economics. Again, that means being able to charge at least $500 on the front end so that you can easily cover your ad costs. And to do that, it's not a marketing trick, it just means you've got to offer better transformation and higher value than all your competitors. Okay, third is having a better robust booking system. So you need fast speed to lead. All your leads need to be responded within 3 to 5 minutes. Is if that's a problem for you, then pay someone to take over the phone. Otherwise, uh you know, your customer service is lacking. You need good nurture and indoctrination. Need to pre-qualify your leads before you speak with them. Okay? If you If they If you don't do this, they'll show up, they won't know what you do, you'll spend forever explaining, um and then they get a shock about the price when you give it to them. You need to nurture your leads by educating them on what you do, who you do it for, uh how it works, show them the perceived value so that when they show up, they expect this is not going to be cheap. You need a lot of multi-touch follow-up, uh and get them to book that consult. Okay? This is where most studios actually lose money on their ads. Most studios can get leads at a relatively good price. They can close an okay number of sales if they speak to them, but this here is where the the system breaks for most people. They don't have a good follow-up or nurturing system, and they're just paying money to send leads into a broken funnel. Then, you need better sales. So, you need ongoing sales training. We can all always get better at selling. This needs to be your number one skill in the business. So, you you know, I've got more videos on the channel going into all these kind of sales strategies, but ultimately, you should be looking to close at least, I would say, 60% of the consultations you speak to. So, six out of 10 appointments should be closed into a higher value package. That's the numbers that we see across the board, and that justifies us um paying those higher cost per leads. And then you need better attention and maximizing lifetime value. So, strong onboarding systems, get clients good results and experience, make sure you're tracking progress, and showing it back to the customer more than ever before. Of course, you need good community and retention systems. And then you need systems in place that maximize the lifetime value, that generate more attention, generate referrals, generate upsells. You need to bake these in into the client journey. And again, I'll have another video on the channel about the client journey in full and exactly how we do this. So, strong retention is what protects your profit and allows you to run ads and pay more than your competitors. So, again, the real edge after Andromeda is to build a system that makes higher ad costs irrelevant. You see, this is the mindset shift. Most studio owners and ads agencies are still trying to ask, "How can I still get super cheap leads after Andromeda?" And the answer is, "You can't. That's not the game anymore." The same way that if you tried to buy real estate in Dubai 50 years ago, when it was a desert, you could pick up a piece of land pretty cheap. But now, Dubai is saturated with skyscrapers and buildings, that same plot of land will cost you a thousand times more. It's the same thing on Facebook. It's just advertising real estate. It's not going to be as cheap as it was, and now it's cheaper than it's going to be in the future. So, your system needs to adapt so that you can generate more revenue back per lead, you make more sales at higher prices with more retention, and then you're able to pay more for the lead, you're able to pay more for the customer. because remember whoever can afford the most to acquire the customer always wins the market. Okay, so I hope that helps. If you want more help and you want to join our inner circle where we give you all the ads that are working right now and we teach you really in-depth on the full offer funnel and ads system, check out the link below and I hope to see you very soon.

- Why I re-shoot Andromeda every year (and how I benchmark my progress): Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Dan and welcome to my channel, Dan Does Space. Tonight we're going to be imaging M31, the Andromeda Galaxy, with my refracting telescope and it should be a fantastic night. As you can see here, we've got nice bright clear blue skies. It's been like this all day and the forecast for tonight looks really good. So, I'd love for you to join me in imaging M31, the Andromeda galaxy. >> [music] [music] >> Generally speaking, the Andromeda galaxy is considered a beginner's target in astrophotography, but I don't agree with that, and I'll explain why in just a minute. But I suppose for good reason, it is a good beginner's target because it is very big and very bright. In terms of size, it's about three degrees across in the night sky, which I admit doesn't really mean much. I find it hard to imagine what three degrees looks like in the night sky, but if you could imagine the width of the full moon and putting six of those side by side, that's the width that we're talking about in the night sky. So, it's really quite big. And in terms of brightness, well, even here in the suburbs, if I come out and give my eyes 10 minutes to adjust and let my natural night vision take place, then if I look at Andromeda con the constellation, I can see the faint smudge that is the Andromeda galaxy. So that's a deep sky object that you can see with just your naked eyes with no assistance. I find that pretty cool. So yes, it's very big and is very bright. So that's why it's so good to start off with, which is what I did a couple of years ago when I first really got into astrophotography. It's the first image I took and it was with this telescope and a DSLR camera. And I make a point every year of returning to the Andromeda galaxy around this time of year as well cuz it's well placed and gets nice and high in the sky. But I will take a picture of the Andromeda galaxy every year as a means of doing a sort of progress check. Am I improving in this in this hobby of astrophotography? Um, am I getting better at data acquisition? Can I take more exposures? Can I take longer exposures to pick out the fainter details? And then also, when I get the data off the memory card and on the PC, have I got any better in the last year at processing my images? I think it's good to benchmark progress against yourself sometimes rather than other people. Um, you know, you can invest in different equipment. For example, this time when I image the Andromeda Galaxy, I'll be using my monochrome camera with a with a filter set. And this is far more sensitive to faint details. And it and it's cooled as well, so there's far less noise than perhaps what would be present in my DSLR when I last took a picture of this. So yes, the plan tonight is to go through ordinary RGB filters to build up a color image and also I'll add a bit of luminance in there as well to try and bring out some some fainter details and some some more information in the spiral arms of the galaxy. And then additionally, something I haven't done before is I'll be using my hydrogen alpha filter here to try and pick out the really nebulous regions in the spiral arms of Andromeda to see those star forming regions. I think it will add a pop of color and a bit of interest to the image. And hopefully, fingers crossed, it will be a much better image than the one I took last year. And then I'll have to seriously think throughout the next year how I'm going to improve on that. Some of the images you see online of Andromeda are truly truly fantastic. But they do have about 50 hours worth of exposure. And given I mean I'm quite lucky today with these clear skies. However, I'm just never going to be able to do 50 hours on a single target here in the UK. And I have been a bit unlucky as well because I'll admit this is the second night I've tried to image Andromeda because on the first night this happened. I have a cable that is a very trusty cable quite flexible and this is what I use to connect to my battery to the mini PC and I got everything set up and running quite happily. He was very happy. The the guiding sort of analytics were very good. And so I came out in the morning after what I thought would be a successful night of imaging. However, I could see the telescope was not pointed back to its home position like this like I tell it to when it's finished. It was actually all wonky and things have been pulled across and the battery was wonky as well. It fallen over slightly. The cable was off into the grass. And I don't know if this will focus on the camera if you can see this, but the camera, sorry, the cable has been chewed up quite significantly all the way through the installation down to the wire. And unfortunately, a pesky fox decided to take a particular interest into this imagining rig and had wrecked the cable. So unfortunately the the mini PC suddenly had a power loss and the telescope just stayed how it was after just a mere hour of exposure and I was really hoping for about 8 hours. So obviously I've ordered a new cable and we'll be trying again tonight. Additionally to that, every time I have tried recently in clear skies, one of my neighbors has decided to have a bonfire. Repeat bonfires day after day. Um, so yes, we've been a bit unlucky, but fingers crossed tonight will be the night that we get a very good length of exposure on the Andromeda galaxy. So yes, this is all set up. It's not exactly aligned to Polaris and not polar aligned. It is pointing north though, so I will come back later once the sun has properly set and once the first stars can't start appearing, I will polar align this and we'll get cracking, looping through those filters and capturing as much information as possible on the Andromeda galaxy. >> Hello. Hey. >> With all the images taken and stacked, I'm going to run through the processing now. So, the results are RGB, luminance, and hydrogen alpha images. The first step is to combine the RGB through RGB combination to end up with one color image. Once that's done, we need to run some gradient correction on here to get rid of nasty gradients from light [music] pollution. Here's the results of those once those are subtracted. So, it looks a lot better. I then need to color calibrate the RGB image against an astronomical database, like a survey database, to make sure the colors are correct. I then run blur exterminator on these. So that's a deconvolution algorithm to make sure all the stars are correctly shaped. Afterwards, I then run star exterminator which removes the stars from all three images [music] so I can work separately on the nebulosity without affecting the stars. I then prepare the luminance image through HDR multiscale transform. This just ensures the contrast levels are as helpful as they can be when I come to blend them in later. I do a similar thing for hydrogen alpha, but it's called continue and subtraction. just means we're going to be left with the hydrogen alpha data and not any of the red generic data. We blend those together, bringing the hydrogen alpha and the RGB together. We then load in the luminance as well. We do some color adjustments, you know, some selected color correction as well, making sure things are looking nice. And then finally, we do some [music] last minute sort of curves adjustments here to bring out contrast and what have you. Just minor changes now. And then uh yeah we recombine it with the RGB [music] stars and I will show you the final >> So, that is my 2025 edition of M31, the Andromeda Galaxy. I hope you enjoyed my little chat there before showing you the image about my processing steps taken to produce the image. And I hope you enjoyed looking at the image as well. I'm really happy with how it turned out. I hope you are as well. And as you can tell, the weather is not fantastic here at the moment. Uh, very cloudy, very rainy. It's been quite a while since I've had any luck with clear skies. So, I thought now would be a great time to just step over to the side here and I'll pop up my previous images from previous attempts at Andromeda so we can, as I mentioned, benchmark my own progress against myself. So, this one here was taken in 2023 and this was my first ever astrophotography image when I first got into the hobby. Um, I was so happy and proud when I took this picture. I was just so so chuffed that there are some details actually in the image. Um, but I think we can all agree huge room for improvement here. This was 2 hours total integration, total exposure time. So, if I pop the 2024 one on next year, you can see there's a lot more going on here. There's a lot more color. There's a lot more detail. And in moving from 2023 to 2024, none of my equipment has changed here. I was using the same telescope and the same camera, a Canon DSLR. It was Astro modified to hopefully be more sensitive to the red sort of colors in Andromeda. Um, but I think you can see there's a lot more colors going on here. So, I doubled the integration time. So, 4 hours. And at the time I was experimenting with the drizzling technique in processing. So, I won't go into too much detail here about what that means, but in a nutshell it means this 2024 image has twice the resolution of the 2023 image. Um, I thought that was really cool at the time, but after I'd finished it and had a look back at it on reflection, I think maybe a bit too much for what my telescope and camera could do. Um, it produced some weird blotchy artifacts like in the background and across the whole image that I was a bit too uh too blindsided to see at the time cuz I was just so happy with this image. But looking back, there's definite blotchiness there that the drizzling introduced. I'm not too happy about that. and it really shrank the star size down. Um, and it's not really indicative of what the camera and telescope could do. So, whilst I was very happy with that, definitely there was room for improvement, which hopefully you'll agree if I put 2025's version up, I have sort of learned from that and learned that a two times drizzle is not the way to go for my setup. So, in this one, I did a one times drizzle. I think it does have an effect. There is sort of debate online about that. Um, but I'm really happy with how this image took came out and I appreciate like the first one had 2 hours integration, the second one had 4 hours. This one has just under 15. So, I'm not really comparing apples to apples there. If I wanted to be strict on myself, I should have the same set integration time, total exposure time. But, you know, I also want to produce good images. So, I'm really I'm going to push myself and I really tried a bit harder here to get more integration time. It's not the longest I've done on an image, but for Andromeda, it is. And I'm really happy with how this came out. I think the colors are a lot richer. I think it really benefits from adding luminance in there. I did try to add in the hydrogen alpha data here, the narrow band data. Um, I think it helps. I think it makes a bit more interest. There's certainly more color. However, that also might be its downfall. I might have overdone the colors. I am quite heavily color blind. So, I always struggle with the colors, especially reds and stuff. So, you know, astrophotography can be tricky if you're color blind. Um, I think there might be a bit too much pinky magenta in there. Do pop a comment down below. Let me know if there is. Uh, happy to receive constructive feedback. Um, but yeah, I'm still happy with how this image came out. I think the stars look a lot better having not been on a two times drizzle. They look more natural. I just re I'm really happy with how this came out. So So yeah, I've got three images there of Andromeda over the last few years and I will plan on doing a 2026 version as I mentioned coming back year after year. Um actually I think it might be good as well to pop over here some if I zoom in and have a look at some areas of particular interest. So there's one here that I've put up. So, I I sort of zoom in and crop on to the sort of the dusty spiral arm in front of the core. Um, and you can see in 2023 there's there's something there. You can tell there's something there, but it's not much color, not much interest. 2024 is better. There's more detail there. And again, the stars look funky because of the drizzling. But the the latest one, 2025, there's far more detail here. You can see a lot more contrast between the dust in the spiral arms and the background and the core. I think it's a lot more interesting to look at. There's a lot more colors, too. I think the luminance data here is really helped us to bring that out. And again, like the core, if I put the core pictures up here, the core in Andromeda is always really hard to get right. Um it's it's so easy to overdo it like like I have done in 2023. Like there is no defined border around the core which I seem to have produced in the 2023 one. It looks like a real defined star with an edge. Um so that's not quite right. And in 2024 I think I did do improvements there but again I think I overdid it a bit. It's a bit too bright. It's difficult to see a bit of the detail around there. In 2025, I think I tried a bit harder to ease that gradient in contrast between the bright core. It is naturally going to be bright. Um, but I think I did a better job here. You can see a bit more of the detail how that sort of dusty arm goes to in towards the core. And finally, if I pop up sort of the dusty arms to the up to the north and east of up to the right of the core, you can see these spiral arms like in the 2023 one. It's It's difficult to see what's going on. You can tell there's something, but it is tricky. 2024 again, a bit of an improvement, but still still could be better. And 2025, this just clearly a lot more going on there. I think the hydrating alpha comes out quite nicely in here as well. Again, perhaps I overdid it on the magenta and the pinks, but I'm really happy with that. So, so yes, as I mentioned, three images there. I'll get ready for the 2026 one. Um, my plans for that one will again to push the total exposure time, get more detail. Um, definitely going to stick with the luminance. Definitely going to stick with hydrogen alpha, but hopefully I'll get more data on hydrogen alpha to really make those nebulous regions much clearer and more well defined. And potentially I might try and gather some oxygen data as well to see if there's anything there. Just a bit of an experiment. See if there's any blue bits that pop out there. But if you've made it this far in the video, thank you so much for watching. I hope you've enjoyed this video and had a look at sort of me benchmarking myself progress wise and how I think it's important to to do that to yourself rather than always measuring your success against other people because there's just too many variables at least with your own sort of progress. you have your own equipment, you're using the same things or you know what improvements you've made like a new camera, a new telescope, so you can control the variables a bit more and really hone in on what you did and how that's improved your images over time. So, thank you very much for watching again. And as always, if you go stargazing yourself, I wish you clear skies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @redeemarr [2 likes]: support for astrobro! :)
  2. @Interstate66 [1 likes]: You are color-blind?? 😲 Really?! No Joke? 🤯 WOW! Think you nailed it pretty good! Yeah, it is maybe a bit too much pink for my personell taste... But this is kind of creators decision and I have seen much "worse" or "overdone" pink from people not color-blind 😅 Actually it enhances a bit the little, bright spots in the nebula suggesting it is really another color aside from R, G & B. I think I quite like it 🙃 Very well done! 
Greetings from cloudy Munich and wish you clear skies! Dont forget the Geminids the next two days 😉
  3. @Himanshu_singh72 [1 likes]: Lovely ❤
  4. @KJRitch: Keep adding data to Andromeda 2025 and after a couple more years you'll have your 50hrs. Great progress you've made. Maybe after the 2026 data you can do a processing video.
Thanks.
  5. @StagnantMizu: I like the minimum PP pictures more to my liking kinda ironic but love 2023 imagine could be stretched more even I think
  6. @KevinRudd-w8s: Excellent image Dan, thanks for sharing. I've never been able to get a good image of M31, but I keep trying. I did capture my best image of M33 this Autumn though, using the Ha filter definitely makes a difference.
I've actually locked my main tripod in position so it can't move using some modified fence post brackets I got from B&Q and leave it outside covered up with a heavy duty Teligizmos cover. If it is nice weather for a few days I leave the scope connected to it otherwise I take it inside. I've had this arrangement for 18 months and it's still polar aligned. I also have one of my security cameras pointing at it
  7. @TheM0JEC: Great video great image keep it up

- ANDROMEDA GALAXY with only a Camera, Lens, & Tripod: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wanted to be a time traveler? This is a photo i took last night of the Andromeda Galaxy, a barred spiral galaxy made up of one trillion stars. This galaxy is one of the closest neighbors to our milky way galaxy which is why it looks so large in the sky but it's still two and a half million light years away from us that means this photo is a snapshot of what the galaxy looked like two and a half million years ago because that's how long it took the light to reach us here on earth so in a sense time travel is already possible and if you have a camera a telephoto lens and a tripod you too can be a time traveler and i'm about to show you how hello my name is nico carver and i'm an astrophotographer astrophotography is the art of photographing the night sky and i have a particular interest in photographing deep sky objects meaning objects outside of our solar system today i'm going to show you every step of how to capture and process a photo of the andromeda galaxy before we get started i just want to very quickly say that this youtube channel is supported by my patrons over on patreon if you'd like to join it starts at just one dollar a month and i truly appreciate the support let's dive right in what do you need to take a photo like this well the first important thing is a dark sky i live in boston so i knew i had to escape the city lights to take this and i drove about two hours away to a park with much darker skies the best place to find a dark location near you is a website it's called light pollution map dot info and on this website the cooler colors like green gray and black mean darker skies if you aren't sure where you can set up i'd start with local astronomy clubs who often have their own fields for club members another idea is to talk to park departments and campgrounds because a lot of times you might be able to get permission to be in a park after hours or a campground may have a nice field you can use the second thing needed to take a photo like this one is a bit of time both for planning and for practice astrophotography is a pretty technical form of photography meaning it does take a bit of practice with your camera and planning the settings you're going to use to get good results the third important thing for taking a photo like this one is equipment and you may think you need a really fancy tracking mount and a telescope to but it actually was done with this equipment you're seeing right here everything that i used to take this photo i spent under a thousand dollars i did buy some things used but it's definitely possible on an even tighter budget and if you don't already have this stuff maybe you can borrow it from a friend or a family member okay so the first thing is i'm using a basic tripod here this is a MeFoto Road Trip it just has a nice ball head and it's collapsible it's about 100 bucks for the camera i'm using a stock Canon 60d which is a 18 megapixel dslr made about 10 years ago i bought this one on ebay for about 300 the lens is the nicest piece of gear this is a Canon 200mm f 2.8 l lens i bought it directly from canon's refurbished site for six hundred dollars and i find it's a really good lens for astrophotography but don't feel you need to use what i'm using if you already have a telephoto lens a tripod and a camera then you are set the last two pieces of equipment are optional but highly recommended the first one is some kind of intervalometer if your camera has an internal intervalometer you can use that or maybe an app or something and then maybe you don't need this but for us with older cameras like this 60d this is a really nice 30 dollar purchase you just plug it in it's simple to use and it's how we're gonna take pictures of the night sky without introducing vibration you can see it shaking around by touching the camera the other accessory i really like is a Bahtinov mask which is a focusing aid i 3d printed mine so that it's a perfect match for this lens and i'll put the link in the description for the video where i talk about 3d printing them but you could also just buy one they go for something like 20 to 40 dollars and that's it for equipment five things tripod camera lens Bahtinov mask intervalometer the fourth thing to take a photo like this is proper technique and processing and this is going to be the hardest of the four but i'm really going to try to keep it as simple as possible in this video i'm going to break the capture technique down to a few things first choosing the right shutter speed and iso then when we get on the field achieving perfect focus manually with the lens then finding andromeda galaxy and taking hundreds of photos of it so that we can stack them together and average out the noise and finally taking calibration frames called bias darks and flats these each address a different kind of noise or problem with your camera or lens and by using them properly we can make our final photo look even better and then after we've captured our photos we need to process them to create our final picture this is sometimes called data reduction meaning we take hundreds and hundreds of photos and we reduce them all down into one final photo and processing in this video will be done with two programs a free windows program called deep sky stacker and then adobe photoshop however in the next few days i'll release various part twos to this video that will show you how to process using other programs including completely free open source programs like serial and gimp that work on any operating system including mac and linux okay that was the overview now let's jump into the step by step step one we need to choose an iso and shutter speed for a gear choosing an iso is all about the camera's sensor and we try to balance readout noise and dynamic range typically higher isos offer lower readout noise but at the cost of decreased dynamic range but let's take all the guesswork out of this we're going to use bill class excellent website photons to photos look over here there's a series of interactive charts and we're looking for the fourth chart down called input referred read noise chart okay and the first step in using this interactive graph is picking your camera from the list over here on the right i'm sorry if it doesn't have your camera but it does have a lot of cameras so chances are it does have your camera i'm going to choose the canon eos 60d because that's the camera i'm using and then you want to pick an iso based on this chart where it starts leveling off in terms of readout noise readout noise is something that's present in every shot that you take so it's not something like photon noise that you can average out and use things like kappa sigma clipping to get rid of and so we want to pick an iso that has an appropriately low read noise usually somewhere below 2 electrons is good so on my canon 60d that happens around iso 1600 but we're even closer when we get to iso 3200 so that's what i'm going to shoot at tonight is iso 3200 if i was on a tracking mount i would probably pick 800 or 1600 because then i can do longer shots and then read noise isn't as big an issue um but since we're doing many many one-second exposures read noise is a big issue and i'm gonna pick iso 3200 where read noise is uh pretty low now you might ask why not just go all the way to iso 6400 and the reason is is because there's not much difference between 3200 and 6400 and if there's not much difference you don't want to go to the higher iso because it's limiting the dynamic range of the camera basically every iso setting that you pick that's higher you're limiting the amount of information that can be recorded in a single shot and so i would always err on the side of getting more dynamic range when two readout noises are pretty similar and this leads me into iso lists or iso invariant cameras if you do happen to have one of these your chart would look more like this basically just a very slow sloping line rather than this very dramatic uh stair step line that i have on my canon so this is the nikon d5600 and you can see this is what an iso invariant camera would look like the the readout noise barely changes across the iso range um so for this camera i would probably be comfortable anywhere from iso 200 and i probably would never shoot at iso 3200 because there's just really no point but for my canon 60d it does make sense so that's what i'm going to go with tonight hopefully this made sense basically again just the key is where you see this chart start leveling out for your camera pick the lowest iso where it starts leveling out so for this camera that arguably could be either iso 1600 or 3200 but i'm going to go with 3200 tonight choosing a shutter speed is about getting the longest exposure possible to let in the most amount of light before the stars get misshapen and turn into lines due to the earth's rotation the best resource i've found to figure out shutter speed is frederick michod's npf rule and he has a handy calculator the link will be in the description and this calculator allows you to calculate ideal shutter speed and it is in french but if you're using google chrome you can just click up here in the address bar and translate it to your language of choice and we basically just go through this calculator and fill in the details so if you uh don't see your camera in the list here you want to leave it on other and enter data manually and then just look up for your camera the size of a photo site or a pixel and the number of pixels and if you just type in your camera and pixel size one of the first results should be this digicam database and this almost always includes pixel pitch or pixel size same thing so for this camera it's 4.29 microns and then if you scroll down a little bit it also includes the the image resolution so you would just enter these things in here or if your camera is in the list you can just select from the list and it will enter them for you then we move on to your lens or what it calls the objective and this is the focal length here so for me it was 200 and i shot it 2.8 aperture okay if you're not sure about these don't worry too much about it but you can look them up in a planetarium program like stellarium or a planetarium app on your phone like sky map quite easily so andromeda is going to be to the northeast and at a latitude of about 42 degrees and the target height above the horizon in degrees was going to be about 35. okay and then we'll click calculate the exposure time and it tells us down here that we can shoot for 1.1 second uh well actually more like one second and even if we could do 1.1 second i would round down anyways because uh i can't set up my camera to shoot 1.1 second it has to be in increments of one second so one second two seconds so forth so anyways this tells us the correct um shutter speed for 200 millimeter lens shooting to the northeast with this particular sensor in the canon 60d is one second exposures okay so first step we figured out the iso and shutter speed step two we have to find a dark sky and again what i recommend is light pollutionmap.info to get an idea of where dark skies may be near you if you can find others who do astrophotography in your area through astronomy clubs or maybe social media they may know some good spots in your area and then you can go together and it's always safer and more fun to have an astrophotography buddy to shoot with all right step three we've arrived at the dark site we have a full battery we're shooting in raw with the iso and shutter speed we figured out from step one let's now point our camera at a bright star and focus it the first step is to make sure you are in manual focus you're going to set the focus to infinity if your lens has a scale and get a good grip on the focusing ring on your lens next you're going to turn on live view and hopefully you should see the star you're pointed at if not moving the focusing ring back and should help you see it if you don't have a bad enough mass the trick to focus is just getting a bright star as small as possible and you're going to move this focusing ring back and forth and just try to find that point where the star is smallest to really see the star though we need to zoom in so find the zoom button on your camera and zoom in as far as you can in live view now when you're really in focus what should happen is all of a sudden you'll other smaller stars just pop into view on screen and then as soon as you lose that best focus they'll disappear again this is a bit hard to see in video but i'm going to show it to you with jupiter because the jupiter is really bright and what happens when we get jupiter into focus is all of a sudden we'll see a little line of moons pop in now if you do have a Bahtinov mask just go ahead and pop that onto the front of the lens here and all you need to do now is get that central spike that we see on the bright star right in the center of that x pattern and you do need a bright star to see this pattern and if you still don't see it even with a bright star just take a one to two second exposure and look in playback mode and the pattern should appear once you have that all lined up with the x and then the central spike you know that you have perfect focus and we can move on all right step four now we just have to find andromeda and to do this i suggest using a free planetarium app on your smartphone i'm using sky map here on my android phone i'm just going to move it around with the camera until m31 is centered m31 is just the the name for andromeda and the messier catalog and what you see here in in sky map or any other planetarium app is that there's two bright stars in pegasus that form a line with the galaxy so i'm just going to try to find those in my live view here here they are i'm going to keep going up a bit until the upper of the two bright stars is at the bottom of my screen i'll then go ahead and take a picture and you see right there that little fuzzy blob that's the andromeda galaxy now the stacking program will take care of alignment based on the star patterns in the picture so we don't have to be super precise but about every 50 shots or so we want to re-center andromeda in the shot and i'd always recommend every time you reframe take a test shot and then check framing and focus if both look good then we can go ahead and take the next set of 50. and we just want to repeat this as many times as possible the more photos we take the less noise we have to deal with in the final photo okay step five we've taken our photos of andromeda but we can't quite pack up yet our andromeda photos are what we call our light frames meaning the actual photos that we took of the night sky to get really ideal results though we now want to take calibration frames so in addition to the light frames we also want these calibration frames and we're going to start with dark frames for dark frames we want to leave all the settings alone same iso same shutter speed all we have to do is cover the lens with the lens cap so that no light is hitting the sensor now i'm sure many of you are wondering can we just take these later on after we go home the answer is no these need to be taken at the same temperature as the lights so you really do need to take them here on the field but with such short exposures these are really quick to take we'll just we just want 50 so we'll just leave the same setting on the intervalometer we're going to do one second each so we're just going to cover the lens hit start on the intervalometer and that's it next up is bias frames you can technically take these anytime but we might as well take them now all we want to do is change the shutter speed i'm going to change it from one second down to as fast as the shutter can go on your camera for my camera here that's 1 8 000 of a second and let's take 75 bias frames okay and last up is flat frames and it's important to take these very soon before or after you take your light frames because we want everything to be the same in terms of focus and any dust particles on the lens or the sensor so i wouldn't even recommend turning your camera off if you can help it we just want to take these as soon as possible to take these we take the lens cap back off and we point the lens straight up and i'm going to rubber band a clean white t-shirt to the lens hood you want it to be taut with no wrinkles then we place a white screen on top and this can be any pure white screen if you have an ipad you can set to white or a laptop you can set to white that will work if you want to buy something just for this purpose what i'd recommend is an led tracing panel these go for about 30 bucks and they're powered with a usb cable whatever you have that produces a white light just put that on top and now we're going to move the shutter speed up and down with the dial here until this exposure meter at the bottom of the screen is telling us we're properly exposed to check that we just push the shutter down halfway and i'll tell you right so for my particular setup here it's showing proper middle exposure at 1 40th of a second so i'm just going to set my intervalometer to take 50 and hit start okay that's it we've captured a thousand light frames 50 dark frames with the same settings as the lights just with the lens cap on 75 bias frames which are lens cap on but shortest shutter speed the camera can do and 50 flat frames which are middle exposure with a white t-shirt and a white screen on top of the lens now we can pack up and go processor photos on the computer okay i've now transferred all my files from the camera onto the computer and organized them into these four folders bias frames dark frames flats and lights and now what i'm going to do is i'm going to open up the free program deep sky stacker which you can download from the web and then i'm just going to follow along here on the left hand side starting with open picture files and i'm going to start by opening up all of my lights so i'm just going to go into the lights folder click on one and then press ctrl a to select all of them and click open okay they come in right here you can see that we have a long list of light frames but for some reason it says light frame zero so that's just because by default it doesn't check them so we're just gonna click check all over here on the left hand side and now we can see we have 992 light frames i did take a thousand but i'm just looking through them a little bit on the camera i noticed at least eight that had clouds or other problems like focus problems so i've already deleted those and we have 992 and then i'm just going to add the calibration files that we took so starting with dark files we'll go into my darks folder here press ctrl a click open so we've added 50 darks then i'm going to click on flat files go into my flats folder again press control a and open 46 flats and then finally click on offset bias files go into my biases folder press ctrl a to select all and click open and we brought in 74 bias files so now that we have everything loaded we can go down to this command this that's highlighted in red right here that says register checked pictures i'm just going to click into advanced and click compute the number of detected stars it tells me 75 stars were detected and usually what i do is i'm gonna lower the threshold a little bit until that number gets up over a hundred so at fourteen percent it got up to 116 stars that sounds good and you might have to keep lowering your threshold you could lower it all the way down to 5 or something but just you want at least probably 100 stars to match on okay i'm going to leave automatic detection of hot pixels turned i'm going to check stack after registering and say select the best 95 of pictures and stack them if you wanted to look through the quality of your different pictures before stacking them you could uncheck that and then it will give every picture a quality score and you can do some extra work based on that but i'm going to leave that part out in this video just because this is going to be i'm just trying to keep it as simple as possible i would recommend clicking on recommended settings and just looking through this and make sure that there's nothing that stands out that you have to do you want to make sure that all the settings are set and then you'll see that all these things show in green based on what's recommended and that's it then we're going to go ahead and click ok and it will go through this whole process of registering the pictures meaning looking at the star patterns and matching them up so that all of the pictures are lined up in terms of the stars and then once it's done that it can stack them meaning averaging them and by averaging them it pays attention to where the signal is in the picture so the stars and the andromeda galaxy but the the noise will be more random from picture to picture and by applying what's called kappa sigma clipping we throw out that random noise because it's so inconsistent um so that's how stacking works one other thing is because there's not much room left on my laptop here i am using a temp folder on an external drive so if you do need to do that you just click into stacking parameters here and then you can pick an external drive or usb thumb drive to hold your temporary files folder because uh for this picture it's going to be quite large so i'm going to click ok and tells me we're stacking a thousand pictures at one second each so that's equivalent to about 16 minutes total exposure we can see everything was taken at iso 3200 and it tells me that this process will temporarily use 109 or close to 110 gigabytes on the d drive and i only have 169 gigabytes free getting close there um but i'd have just enough free that that should work so let's go ahead and click ok and let it do its thing here this is going to take a long time so i'm just going to probably leave it overnight and we'll check up on it in the morning this estimated remaining time that's just for the current process so don't feel like it's going to be done in four minutes it's really going to take hours and hours to do all this since we're dealing with so many frames so this three minutes is just to stack the bias frames then it goes through a bunch of different things because it creates masters for each calibration file it calibrates all the lights it lights it registers all the lights which takes a really long time and it stacks all the lights which again takes a lot of time so i'm just going to leave this and then when it's all done we'll pick up there okay it's finished it actually took it almost 22 hours to complete this whole stacking process calibration registration and stacking this is what you want to see when it's done meaning it's going to be in a linear state meaning the picture should be mostly black you might see a few little white spots these are bright star cores but you don't really want to see anything too bright at this point if everything went correctly it should look pretty black like this and it does do an autosave file so in your lights folder you should find an autosave.tiff i will warn you that that's a 32-bit file so if you are using older versions of photoshop or gimp that don't have 32-bit support you may not want to use that file otherwise it's fine to use but just to be safe i'm going to show you how to save off a 16-bit tiff file under the processing section right here you just go to save picture to file make sure that it's set as save as type tiff image 16 bits per channel we'll give it a name i'm just going to call it m31 dash dss and under options you want this option to be selected embed adjustments in the saved image but do not apply them compression i leave set to none and so i'm just going to save this to my desktop click save here it is and so this is what i'm going to bring into my next step into the post processing program i've switched over to my mac because that's where i have photoshop installed and i've just opened up the tiff file directly from deep sky stackers stacking process so you can see this is what it looks like it looks just like it did when we were done with the deep sky stacker steps over here on my layers panel i have the background layer i'm going to go ahead and immediately duplicate that layer just by right clicking on it and choosing duplicate layer and i'll call the new duplicated layer first stretch okay and then the first thing we're gonna do is uh open up the histograms window and i'm gonna switch it from compact view which was the default to all channels view to show the three different colors red green and blue okay and now we can start stretching so to do that i'm going to go to image adjustments levels or i could press ctrl l if i'm on windows or command l on mac and i'm going to take this mid tone slider the one in the middle here and just bring that quite far over something like that and i'm going to do that same thing again so i'm just going to take that mid-tone slider and again bring it pretty far over to the left so i'm moving it from the middle over to the left okay and now we can see some separation from the left hand side so everything was over here compacted in the shadows area but by stretching we're bringing the information out here in closer to the mid-tones and we can start seeing some stuff come out here now i can see that immediately we have an issue where the red channel is getting a little bit out in front of the green and the blue and also the blue looks the most anemic of the three well the red channel looks a little bit fatter so another thing we're going to try to do is as we're stretching get these not only to be lined up somewhat but also the same width so there's just as much information in the red channel as there is in the green and the blue channels and we can do that with the levels command so i'm just going to bring it back up again and so far we've been working on the whole image at once by having it in channel rgb but we can always break it down into the individual channels by stretching just the blue just the green or just the red so i'm going to start by stretching the basically what i'm trying to do is make it about the same width and about at the same spot as the red channel and i'm going to do that with by using both the midtone slider and the shadow slider so i'm going to start with bringing the midtone slider over to the left and then i'm going to take the shadow slider and bring that over a little bit to the right and it's helpful to look up at this view too because i can see in that view that the blue is coming out a little bit beyond where the red is so i'm just going to take that shadow slider and move it a little bit like that until they're better lined up then i'm going to do the same thing with the green channel but it doesn't need quite as dramatic a stretch but i'm just going to do something like that all right so we're going to hit ok and you can see the image is starting to come out here let's go ahead and do some more stretching i'm just going to bring up levels again i'm going to take the midtone slider and move it over to the left i'm going to take the shadow slider and move that to the right a little bit okay and at this point i'm going to close that for a second you can always bring it back open by just doing that one thing to note here is that we have a sort of reddish look along the corners but there's really not much information out here that i'm interested in i'm going to crop in anyways i'm planning to let's go ahead and just crop in now and i'm just going to crop in closer in on the galaxy something like that all right next what i want to do is i want to add a little bit of saturation and also work on the color balance a little bit more but i'm going to use adjustment layers to do this because they're not as destructive to the image meaning we don't have to go back in history to get back to a previous state we can actually just turn the adjustment layers off and on or adjust them on the fly so the first one that i'm going to use is this hue slash saturation adjustment and i'm just going to um push the saturation up let's try 40 and we can always back off later but this just sort of gives me an idea of what the color looks like now and the color looks too green especially in the galaxy so what we're going to do is we'll apply a color balance adjustment layer and we're going to remove some of that green cast by just taking the green magenta slider okay uh with that done all right this is looking good but um i want to do some other things to it including a second stretch of the data so i'm going to make a new copy or a new from what is visible here and so to do that on a mac you do command option shift e as in the e key and on windows it's ctrl option shift e okay and then you can see here in my layers panel there's a new layer one i'm going to call that second stretch and i'm just going to again open up my levels command and just try to give this a little bit more of a boost something like that and you can see that what we're seeing now is that these outer edges of the galaxy um that before were a little bit hidden in the darkness of the sky and at this point i'm instead of using levels because we were sort of running out of room to do much more with the levels i'm going to open up a curves adjustment so that's command m on mac or control m on windows and this just lets me do a little bit more of a subtle thing than the levels when the levels you basically just have control over a midtones point a shadows point and a highlights point in curves you can make the points wherever you want so um so i could make a point there and a point there just to try to add a bit of contrast to the galaxy and what i'm seeing now is that the the background is looking far too red so i'm also going to open up a um the red channel in curves and just take this shadow point and just move it over a little bit so that that red wash of the background goes away okay so hopefully you can see that we've made some progress here this was the first stretch and then with one more round of levels and a bit of work in curves here is the second stretch so one thing you may notice is that this is actually the um orientation of andromeda galaxy with north being up so if we're thinking of the the upper plane of this image being towards the north star this is how andromeda would look but most people rotate their images 180 because it just uh is the way that we've grown accustomed to looking at andromeda there is real no there's no real up in space but um let's go ahead and just do that because it feels more natural at this point so i'm just going to rotate 180 by going to the image menu and choosing image rotation 180. okay there we go and at this point i'm liking how andromeda is looking other than maybe being still a little bit too green one thing we could do to control that a little bit is open up that curves again and just open up the green channel and just take a point over here in the highlights and bring it down just a little bit so i really like how the galaxy is starting to come out in this second stretch but our colors are probably getting a little bit wonky except for in the galaxy i think actually they look pretty good um so we might have to do a little bit of work with let's do a curves adjustment layer and let's just play around with this red channel a little bit and i'm just going to play around with each channel separately and what i'm doing is i'm just basically resetting black points putting different points close to the black point until i get something that to my eye looks more natural so you can see i think both the blue and the magenta were too and the red i guess were too high in the the blacks here so by adding a little bit of green and taking down the blue and the red we've corrected that white balance issue but the stretch on the galaxy is preserved because if we were just to look at what we had before second stretch you can see it looks a little green and there's not much that's popping out here along the outer edges the second stretch got us those the outer part of the galaxy but then we just needed to fix the color a little bit okay and uh this is sort of a nice faithful representation of of the data that we got i could stop right now and call this a day it looks really good considering this is untracked one second exposures but i want to bring it a little bit further along and to do that we want to separate out the stars and the dso because if we don't what will happen if we keep just trying to push the dso without separating out the stars you can see what happens is that i just added a huge saturation bump is we can get the the galaxy looking sort of cool but then the stars become way too gross looking um i'll turn that back off see how it's just like well at one it brings out all problems in the background it makes the stars way too colorful for my taste um and so it's much easier to keep pushing this image if we can separate the stars and the background and the dso and then work on them separately and then recombine them so to do that let's use that command option shift e command again or control option shift e if you're on windows and then i'm just going to save this uh stars as a 16-bit tiff file so i'm going to do file save as i want to use tiff i'm going to turn off layers so it just makes a flattened one layer image and i'll call this stars and save it to the desktop then what i'm going to do is i'm going to google star net plus plus this is a standalone program that's useful for removing stars from astrophotography and i'm going to download it from this sourceforge page and if you go to files up here at the top and then go into version 1.1 they have a nice zip file for each main type of operating system so since i'm on a mac i'm going to download the mac version okay once that's downloaded i'm just going to move the entire starnet macos folder onto my desktop and open it up and then i'm just going to open up this run rgb starnet dot sh file with a text editor i'm just going to change these two file names be the first one being the input file so we called that stars.tiff and then i'm going to change the output file to m31starlist.tiff this number is the stride and typically i use a lower stride when i'm at a lower focal length and a higher stride when i'm at a higher focal length um it starts at 128 but you can go down to 16. i'm going to change it to 64 for this image and typically the the lower the stride number the longer the process takes so if you wanted to see what will happen if you run it quicker you can leave it on the default 128. okay then i just have to move this stars.tiff into the same directory okay with that shell file edited like this and the stars.tiff file in the same directory we now just have to run this file a terminal command so i'm just going to open up terminal and we have to get into this folder so the command for that is cd for change directory space and then i'm just going to drag this folder over and hit enter and then we just want to run this command or this sorry this shell script which calls on the actual program so to run it all i have to do is just drag it over and hit enter and it starts running it gives us a little information about the file it tells us how many different tiles it's going to break it the image up into to analyze that's what the stride number is so the slower the stride number the more tiles it will break the image up into and then the longer it'll take and then it gives us a percentage finished so this will take some time probably 20-30 minutes on my laptop with an image this size okay starnet finished up pretty quick we now have the mm31 starless file i'm going to go ahead and right click on that and open it up in photoshop there we go there are a few little artifacts holes but we'll deal with those in processing but what you should be able to see is without all the stars getting in the way we can really see a lot of cool details in m31 including all of the dust lanes the spiral dust lanes here first thing i'm going to do is just apply a curves adjustment just to sort of see what we have a little bit here okay it looks pretty good but there's still a bit of a green cast here in the middle so let's just go back into that curves and just tamp down the green just a little bit up here on the high end but try to keep it steady here in the mid tones see if that helped at all yeah that looks pretty good okay now i'm going to apply some go back into curves and just make that curves adjustment even more dramatic okay and at this point what i want to do is i want to create a mask so that i can desaturate and darken the sky background and work on the galaxy separately from this sort of messed up sky back here so the way i'm going to do that is i'm going to make a new from visible copy so command option shift e on mac or ctrl shifty on windows and i'm going to go to image adjustments useless saturation and just remove all from that layer i'm just going to grab my pen tool here and i'm just going to create a sort of rough shape around the galaxy here like that and then i'm just going to click on selection and say i want to feather it by 15 pixels okay so now we have a selection around the galaxy and i actually want to select everything else other than the galaxy so i'm going to do select inverse and then i'm going to add a curves adjustment layer and darken this up quite a bit but then i want to go ahead and blur that uh mask that i just made on the curves layer because right now it's very sharp so i'm just going to do filter blur gaussian blur and do something like 80 pixels so now it looks like this and i also want to apply that to this little satellite galaxy so i'm just going to grab a brush and brush that on like that with black i'm just going to go ahead and merge these two just right click after selecting both of them and do merge layers and i'm just going to apply a very small levels adjustment just to make that a little bit brighter and just to be sure i'm going to go paint in black on the corners so that we don't have any weird stuff coming through basically i just want the galaxy to be brighter and i think it should actually be even a little brighter still so i'm going to do command m just make it a bit brighter here okay that looks good so all we were doing was creating a mask we can just call it mask here and i'm going to go ahead and select all and copy that and then let's make some new hue saturation layers and we can turn the mask off and then apply it to those layers so i'm going to hold down the option key or alt key on windows and click on that and paste in the new mask that we made and i'll do it on this one as well on this one i'm going to invert it so i'm just going to press command i and on this inverted one i'm going to also make it a bit darker okay so now we've done all this work with masks we're going to actually now apply what we've done so on this one since white selects this is going to be a saturation boost so i'll just rename that one saturation boost and on this one this is going to be a desaturate layer so i want to desaturate the background and saturate the galaxy well actually it looks already pretty saturated so i'm not sure if i'm going to use that but let's start by desaturating the background so i'm just going to take this saturation slider move it to the left take the lightness slider and move that to the left as well okay now that we have this actually neutral black background i can see the issues with color balance in the galaxy a lot more clearly and so i'm going to create a new curves layer and apply the mask to it there we go and i'm just going to do this by eye just looking at the at the galaxy here so it has a little bit too much red in the outer arms so you see the difference there but that red is actually important to the core because when i take it away the core is getting too cyan the green ish color so what i'm going to do is i'm going to just right click and duplicate layer and call this one and i'm going to basically do the opposite with the red to get a sort of uh nice warm core how andromeda should look we've now just done the opposite on that one though but that basically returned us to where we were with the outer arms looking too red so i'm going to go on to this mask just with a soft brush have that not apply to anything but the core area here okay so sort of subtle but here is where we were before and here is taking some of the red out of the arms and then here's returning some of that red to the core area now now that i have this core mask let me try to take out even a little bit more green out of that core and for that i'm going to use a color balance so let me just go ahead and apply this layer mask to the color balance adjustment layer just by holding down alt or option on mac and dragging it so option drag or alt drag on windows is going to allow you to copy that layer mask onto this layer and then it says do you want to replace the layer mask i say yes and now with the color balance i'm just add yellow and magenta and red to that core area so here's before there's after so again a fairly subtle difference but i think it really does make the picture sing a little bit more uh without it i just think it doesn't look as as balanced this color balance looks better to me and i'm just doing it mostly by eye here and at this point we're almost done with the starless rendition of the galaxy but i just want to make it a little bit brighter so i'm just going to add another curves layer here and just brighten it up a little bit okay i think this is ready to go so this is our starless andromeda now we want to add the stars back in so to do that we're going to go back here to our stars layer which is now looking very magenta compared to this so let me try to just fix that a little bit first sorry i know a lot of there's been a lot of color adjustment steps here just reset that just a little bit there we go okay i'm going to select that copy it command c on mac or ctrl c on windows and i'm going to paste this on top okay it's now pasted on top and i'm going to change the blend mode from normal to screen okay and it already looks pretty good but the only thing we have to do now is just maybe reset the black point and decide on a final crop so i'm going to open up curves again a curves adjustment layer and just take this black point and reset it here i'm just seeing if there's anything else i could do with the color balance a little bit i'm just going to do one more color balance try here on the core now that i have the stars in so i'm just going to do that same trick dragging the layer mask for my core back onto there and i'm just going to add a bit of yellow and a bit of red and i'm just going to extend the core out here just a tad okay so here's before there's after hopefully you can see that it just needed an yet another just final little adjustment where we shifted some of the green and blues out of the to make that really sing now that i'm looking at it up close now though i think we could maybe boost the saturation again but let's do that actually in adobe camera raw because i'm also want to do a little bit of noise reduction so i also noticed that it's a little bit off-center so i'm just going to center this up and to apply an adobe camera raw correction to this um if you are in an older version of photoshop you can just save it off as a tiff file and then open it back up into photoshop with the adobe camera raw set as the format if you're on a newer version like i am here you can just make a new from visible so i'm just going to do command option shift e that would be control option shift e on windows and i'll call this acr for adobe camera raw and then i go to the filter menu and just choose camera raw filter and from here we have all these sliders uh if you've used lightroom before you probably are familiar with a lot of these and some of them are pretty interesting what they can do to a astrophoto so for instance if you want to get sort of rd you can take this dehaze filter and move it over to the left and it adds this cool like glow uh to the galaxy and you know if you just want to just maybe apply a little bit of that you could just you know add a little bit so there's definitely a lot of artistic things you can do with the camera raw filters i'm going to add a little bit of vibrance and saturation to the picture and i'm going to add some color noise reduction some luminance noise reduction and some sharpening and when applying these filters i like to look at the picture at different scales to sort of see what they're doing you can temporarily turn them off and on with this little eyeball and honestly they've just gotten better and better with each version of photoshop like to me that's that's really only improving the picture not taking away all right um so i'm happy i've done a few little more nitpicky filter things for color again and i'm just going to save this i'm going to save it as a photoshop document just call it m31.psd save it to the desktop and then i'll do export save for web legacy and do a jpeg okay here's our final result again this was about 980 stacked one second exposures from a canon 60d 200 millimeter lens we processed it with deep sky stacker in photoshop and here's what we got so it sort of shows that even with just a 15 minute integration if you know what you're doing with the processing you can get a really nice photo even without a star tracker i hope this tutorial on being a time traveler and seeing back two and a half million years in time has been useful to you and if so you can support me by subscribing to this channel i also have a patreon which starts at just one dollar a month. And until next time this has been Nico Carver from nebulaphotos.com Clear Skies!

  Top Comments:
  1. @NebulaPhotos [3 likes]: Support this channel and join an amazing community of other amateur astrophotographers: https://patreon.com/nebulaphotos
  2. @PorkyPorkification [2 likes]: Three years ago I stumbled across this video and it inspired me to try astrophotography. I guess I am at a point, which you once called the gateway drug in one of your videos. I highly appreciate your effort in teaching other people the basics as it really inspired me. I still tell people about your channel when they ask why and how I started. Thank you!
  3. @NexonLAB: Yo man, I was hoping you could give some advice. Currently I live in a bortle 8. Ive managed to capture some milky way dust lanes. However That requires horrendous amounts of data, Im talking 300-600 frames. However after around frame 150 siril gives up because the sky moved too much. Let me explain my equipment. Canon EOS 80D with an 18-135mm kit lens. and a static havy duty tripod. I shoot wide open at 18mm with 3.5 aperture and 320 ISO (The sky is soo bright at night that I have to crank iso way down to save the histogram) and I usually take 10 - 5 second exposures. So what can I do in terms of you know, not letting the sky drift out of frame?  Theoretically If I shoot at 60mm with 2 second exposures at 1600 Iso. and I shoot 1000 lights by taking 50, then re-centering, rinse and repeat over 20 sets. then I stack the 20 sets of 50 each while using master calibration frames, and then stack the stacked 20 frames. can I get andromeda? Anywho thank you man, it was thanks to your other videos that I accidentally revealed milky way structure from this horrendous city.
  4. @tnine_official: Hello) I can’t extract the data... could you try to do this?
  5. @somberlystory: so i have a question about read noise, i have a sony a7m2 and the webite says that from ISO 1000 to ISO 20000 it hase the same noise (3 electrons) but at 25600 it drops to 2.4 electrons.
does that mean that i should use ISO 25600?
  6. @rohitsanthosh9044: My jaw is on the floor! An absolutely stellar tutorial (pun intended!). Love seeing your passion manifesting through you work.  Thank you so much man!
  7. @jeffhudson1744: I can only say, holy crap, geez!
  8. @CrislezC: I was going to say that You video is similar to another that i saw, but the other is more recent, excuse me. And excuse for My English
  9. @jackardizzoni5668: Nico thank you for this amazing tutorial! It helped me out so much! Thank you thank you! Your style, patience and pace is refreshing and encouraging! I will be joining you over on your patron! Keep up the great work!
  10. @AntPDC: It is extraordinary to observe just how much astro imaging has improved by leaps and bounds using cheap smart scopes since this upload was made.
  11. @arashkarimi1998: You inspire me, sir 🫡
  12. @johnirby493: Just one question. Huh?  I'm going to have to wait for the one button super processor.😀
  13. @dontfearthereefer5683: Wish I watched this year's ago
  14. @GJ_Brown: I wonder what the Andromeda galaxy look's like today, not what it looked like 2 1/2 million years ago 🤔
  15. @russ320: All I can say is Wow. I wish I had the time and patience to do this and the knowledge to learn. I watched the entire video and you are excellent at it.
  16. @KaHaDa_life: Keep coming back to these videos, they're awesome
  17. @buttecarl7827: Ich brauche kein KI-Gequatsche oder englisches Schweinegrunzen! Ich will diesen englischsprachigen Scheissdreck nicht sehen. Ich habe den Mist nicht abonniert. Verpisst euch aus meinem Dunstkreis!
  18. @Mario_Calcagni: I know I’m late to the game but I just watched your vid…
I’m curious as to what sizes SD card do you need to hold all the pictures you take in the shoot?
Or do you need to swap out SD cards while doing this since you’re shooting raw?
  19. @DiceDecides: Phenomenal photo! And what a process to get it, thanks for breaking it all down, this is incredibly valuable for space enthusiasts. Well done!
  20. @Ahmetal: For the flats I noticed you pointed the camera up. I’m always reading that it should stay in the exact same orientation?

- Andromeda Galaxy Shoot With Smartphone Teaser 🌀 | Coming Soon 🔭 |: Kind: captions Language: en Hey [Music] Hey

  Top Comments:
  1. @tahaxboi1133 [2 likes]: Classic bhai
  2. @avinashkale7229 [2 likes]: 👍
  3. @crazynitesh222 [1 likes]: Bhai mere ko aapke video bhut achhe lgte he
  4. @Tommyshelby498: Reply fast bro
  5. @Tommyshelby498: My phone has not  pro mode but it has iso and WB features only then what will I do?

- Meta Ads Results Dropped? Andromeda Update Explained + the simple fix to rebuild: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English why your Facebook ads performance may have dipped in the last few months and exactly what you will need to do to fix it. Because Meta did have a huge algorithm update which fundamentally changes the way ads are delivered. And this was called the Andromeda update and you need to understand this to be successful as we head into 2026. So give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of pain and guesswork. I'll explain [music] what the Andromeda update changed, how you need to change your campaign building, how to manage and optimize your ads post launch because [music] this changes a lot. So stick around for that. Links to each chapter are in the description so you can jump around. Let's get into it. So Andromeda explained. First, let's look at what changed and why. So several years ago, Meta's targeting was absolutely unmatched. and we could target, for example, a librarian living in London, aged between 30 and 35 years old. No problem at all. Then Facebook gets spanked with fines worth hundreds of millions of pounds for harvesting too much data on people in order to target them with their ads. So, it introduced its advantage plus targeting whereby it used AI to get the right ads in front of the right people at the right time. Now, what this new system did is work to identify the two to three best ads within a campaign or ad set, and it went allin on those, which meant that broader ads generally worked best. And if you launched 10 ads, the algorithm would likely kill eight of them pretty quickly and go all in on the remaining two. Now, you as the advertiser didn't need to actually do anything and turn the other ads off. The algorithm did it by itself. So, what was the problem and why did Meta change its algorithm? So basically Meta has loads of creatives but wasn't powerful enough to consider all of them. So it identified a few early winners and went allin. Now however ad spend will be spread far more evenly across different ads as it tries to match different copy and creatives with particular people and audiences. And this is why your strategy will need to change. And I'll explain how to do that in a moment. So, think of Meta Ads as like going to a library and the librarian has to match a book, an ad to the right customer. But she's got millions of books to choose from and can't possibly consider them all. So, she just goes to a handful of best sellers and uses them because most people are going to like them. Now, the Andromeda update is like replacing that librarian with a supercomput that can consider all of the millions of books much better and hopefully match the perfect book to the perfect customer. So, how does this change how you build your ads? So, you still need great data integrations to make your targeting work and you still need your pixel conversion API, CRM integrations, lists uploading, etc. However, a greater targeting emphasis is now placed on your ads themselves. Meta will take a large lead from your copy and your creatives when determining who to show your ads to. So, much like with SEO, think keywords and use your copy to make it really clear who your target product or services for. Now, your ads will need good creative variety targeting different audience personas. For example, if you were running lead generation ads for a business coaching service, previously you would have written various copy variations and created various images and videos that spoke to core target customers pain points and the outcomes that they desire. However, after the Andromeda update, best practice now is to write for several different audience personas. One persona could be business owners that are looking to scale. Another could be business owner who is super busy and overworked and you talk about this particular painoint and your ability to help them with their business systemization. A third persona could be business owners that are looking to sell their business and about how your service can help them build and negotiate that sale. The Andromeda update should allow all personas to be targeted within one adset and one campaign. Now about 5 years ago to do this we would have had a really granular interest and demographic based targeting and you would have had about three different adsets with unique ads within each to target these three audience personas. But today best practice to have one campaign, one adet with about 20 different ads targeting all different personas within that ad set. So this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. Go High Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. So, let's talk about how you optimize your ads campaign, and now the Adrometer update has landed because it is different. So, if you've been running your ads correctly, previously, you would have allowed the AI to identify the best performing ads and allocate your budget for you. However, today post Andromeda, the AI won't automatically kill ads like it used to. So, we're back to doing this manually. If you're monitoring your various ads and you see certain ads has a particularly high cost per result, you need to consider turning those ads off and forcing your ad budget into better performing creatives. Now, we're often running campaigns right now where we start with, say, 20 ads and a month later we've turned 14 off, leaving six high performers remaining. Now, a final important point, really important point. Metan rolls out these updates universally and immediately, meaning you may not have the Andromeda update on your account just yet. Now, eventually it will be rolled out to absolutely everybody, but my agency is working with about 100 different Meta Ads clients, and we're seeing that about 50% of them are on the Andromeda update, but the rest are on the legacy targeting system. This is exactly what they did when they rolled out Advantage Plus. So, that's all for now. Drop questions in the comment if you have one and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOneAndOnlyNiamh [2 likes]: Hey Jamie, thank you for the update! Have been seeing rumbles of this on LinkedIn but not in ads yet. Question, do you think this is actually going to work? Or is segmentation still better?
  2. @jbp7343 [1 likes]: hey jamie, great content as always. I was wondering how many ads/angles you would use for a new campaign at a 50 daily budget. and more importantly, would you change the killrules with the new andromeda update? (if yes, what rules would you use?)
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone talks about consolidating ads into a single ad set, but how do I know if my ads are working at the top or bottom of the sales funnel? NOBODY talks about that.

And most importantly — what happens with retargeting and lookalike audiences, which people don’t even mention anymore?

Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or should we just let Meta handle the entire funnel according to its Andromeda system?
  4. @withinressie [1 likes]: Good video thank you for explaining so well 🔥🔥
  5. @divyv20 [1 likes]: Hey  Jamie , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  6. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?
  7. @darnassius92: Thanks for the info! How do I understand if I already have the Andromeda update?

- The NEW Andromeda-Proof Meta Ads Strategy (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Most people running Meta ads right now are operating on a strategy that stopped working eight months ago. And their numbers are showing it, but they still can't seem to figure out why. Well, I've tested over 10,000 Meta ad creatives across more than 100 brands in the last 18 months. And after Andromeda dropped, I watched brand after brand hit the same ceiling, ROAS declining, spend stalling, and no idea why. But the brands that figured it out scaled further than they ever were before. And the difference was always the same thing. They had a system for testing creative. And the ones that didn't were just running ads and hoping something would work. In this video, I'm breaking down what Andromeda actually changed, why most brands are still getting it wrong, and the rules we now run in every ad account in 2026. But before we actually get into it, I want to address a few things that a lot of people still believe about Meta ads that aren't actually true anymore. So, some common myths. Myth one, more creative volume is the answer. Now, you hear it everywhere. Test more ads, diversify your creative, keep the pipeline full. There's a grain of truth in it, and you do need to test. But running 40 ads with no system isn't testing. It's guessing with more budget. And there's a big difference. So, I audit ad accounts every week, and I see the same thing. A brand will launch a batch of ads, and within a couple of days, one of those ads will be eating most of the budget. And then the rest of the ads barely spend anything and will get switched off. But a lot of the time, no one knows what made that one winning ad actually work. They don't know if it was the hook, the creative style, the specific pain point that they led with. Nobody tracked it, so they find it very difficult to recreate it. And in most scenarios, they actually can't make another winning ad. They're just surviving on this one ad. Sometimes it's a few ads, but that's how it looks a lot of the time. Now, this whole time while this is going on, the algorithm is trying to learn from an ad account that's saying something different in every single ad. Now, post-Andromeda, that matters more than ever. The algorithm needs to see the same type of message repeated across ads to build on. Without that, you're resetting every single time. Now, in a lot of scenarios, what will happen is you'll have a creative agency, you'll have a creative strategist, you'll have a static design agency, you're making some founder ads. So, you've got these four different sources of ad creatives coming into the ad account, and they just won't be working together. You'll have some static agency, and they're making clickbait ads and driving people to click. It's getting a lot of attention, but then it's going to a product page. Or you have a creative agency, and they're just spamming UGC ads. They've got no strategy behind it. You've got your founder ads that are building on the story, but it's not really digging into the pain points. And then you've got your internal creative strategists that are just pumping out volume. What you need is you need all of these ads to be working together towards your specific messaging in the market, your specific positioning in the marketplace. Every single one of these ads should be testing a specific theory, and every ad should be learning from each other. And this means you'll begin to get compounding results in the ad account rather than just a couple winners here and there. Now, myth two is audience targeting is still what drives performance. Now, the algorithm does the targeting now. This is a trillion-dollar company that we're talking about. You do not know how to place your ads better than this trillion-dollar company. So, what you do is you put inside the ad who you want Meta to target, not the audience you set up in the campaign. Now, there's a few scenarios where we have clients and they're doing some interest-based targeting a lot of time on the B2B stuff. However, in e-commerce, in D2C, even SaaS brands that are that are really scaling right now, we're seeing broad audiences doing all of the work. Now, if that ad isn't speaking to anyone specific, no interest stack is going to fix it. No podcast ad where you spend $10,000 on a podcast is going to fix it. No amount of ads is going to fix it. The brands that are still obsessing over the audience segmentation, exclusion layers, interest stacks are optimizing something that stopped working a while ago. Now, I speak to founders every single week who've spent months tweaking their targeting and can't figure out why performance is down. But, the targeting isn't the problem. The creative is the problem. No amount of audience work fixes a generic ad. So, what you want to be doing is you want to be doing your research and getting hyper-specific on who the target audience is, what their pain points is, what their desires are, what objections they have, and most importantly, what is their awareness level. Looking across all of your customer bases, what is the biggest, easiest group of people to target? And you want to be looking at that group of people. Usually, solution aware is the easiest audience to get going with, but you can also start looking at problem aware. As you're scaling, you will have to go up the funnel, but you want to be making ads that are bottom of funnel as well, so you can sweep up those people who are interested, who have been on the website and landing page. But you've got to get very specific with who you're targeting. So, myth three is that campaign structure is what separates good ad accounts from bad ones. Now, don't get me wrong, structure matters, but it's downstream of everything else. Now, I audit ad accounts with perfect naming conventions, clean campaign setup, proper budget allocation, running completely flat, and not getting results. It's because the creative underneath wasn't built on anything real. You can organize your ad account perfectly and still be scaling nothing. The structure doesn't make your ads work, the ads make the ads work. Now, the reason that this myth persists is because structure is so visible, it's so easy to point out, and it's easy to blame because there's so many different options that you can go through. Now, you can pull up your ads manager, you can show someone a clean account. You can't do that with a winning angle. You can't show people an ad and guarantee that it's going to work. Now, that's a common misconception. Your ad looks worse than mine, or this ad looks really good. You can't actually judge an actual ad unless you've got the customer data, you're doing that research, and you're understanding this is the type person that I'm targeting. The angle is what actually determines whether the ad account grows. You can't really judge an ad visually. You can kind of say, "Okay, yeah, that's a good hook. It looks like a good ad," but you can't truly judge it. And that's why people will just default to ad account structure. Here's what Andromeda actually changed. For anyone who isn't familiar, Andromeda was Meta's algorithm update that changed how creative actually gets distributed across the platform. A lot of people hate it, a lot of people love it, and I'm one of the ones that actually think it's a net positive change for the platform. And a lot of people will be annoyed at at hearing that, but once you understand it, and hopefully this video will explain it, you'll be able to get better results than you were before. And it changed things in a way that most brands still haven't adjusted to. First of all, creative became the targeting. Now, it very much was the targeting before, but now it is 100% what does the main part of the targeting. It even scrapes your landing page. It even scrapes if people are filling in forms on the website, what people are buying, the things they're clicking on. It is scraping everything. So, pretty much what your ad says and who it says it to the most is now the most important decision in your account, not the actual audience setup. As of recording this right now, I can go into Ads Manager and I have access to over 100 ad accounts from brands spending 50k a month, 100k a month, to brands spending $2 million a month. We have one client now that's spending $11 million a month. And across all of these brands, I have no bias because we're not media buyers. What we can say is we have clients that are doing Advantage Shopping Plus campaigns, clients that are doing CBO campaigns, CBO with minimum spends on the ad sets, people that are still doing testing and CBO scaling. Across all of the brands, what matters is the creative, the alignment of that creative to the landing page, and the offer of obviously what you're actually selling, and your creative strategy. So, that's why that I can say that ad account structure isn't what's going to move the needle and get you to the next level. One of the brands we're actually working with, they were doing no creative strategy. They were spending about 60 to 100k a month on ads, and they were just basically doing founder-led ads. They were making a few ads, not doing that creative strategy. We came in and we mined all of their reviews, got all their customer data, segmented it into different personas and pain points, what they cared about, understood the awareness level of the ad account, and we drafted a plan of mapping these personas to different creative styles, and we were able to double that ad spend in a 60-day period whilst maintaining their CPA. And that's the power of creative that actually speaks to individuals and specific pain points and angles and people. Now, the second thing that Andromeda changed, and it's the harsh truth and it's not actually really good news, is that creative fatigue happens faster. The algorithm learns quicker than it ever has before, and it moves on quicker as well. You know, it sees an ad, if it doesn't like the ad, it'll be done with it. Winning ads are dying in weeks, and of months, instead of lasting for years and years like they have in the past. So before, you might run an ad and it might show some good results. It might start off a little bit and it might look like an early winner and eventually fatigue. Now it's pretty quick. If it likes an ad, it'll tag onto that ad and it'll scale like never before. Now we still have ads that have been in the ad account for 6, 12 months and that's really our goal to make long-term winners, but it's just a little bit more difficult to do now and we do see ads that pick up a little bit of spend, they get good results, but then eventually taper off and we think it's because Andromeda is learning so quick and it's just really prioritizing those winning ads. So if you don't have new angles coming in, performance will drop. It's just a matter of time. Now number three is ads that speak to one specific person outperform ads that speak to everyone. A generic ad that could be talking to anyone converts no one and an ad that names a specific frustration in that exact language that that specific person uses to describe it. That's what gets distributed and scaled. Now broad messaging with tons of spend behind it doesn't work the way that it used to work. is unstructured testing teaches the algorithm nothing. Now Meta learns from your inputs and if those inputs are scattered, then the learning is scattered as well. The brands that are winning right now and scaling are feeding the algorithm a consistent story. Same angles tested across different formats so it can build on what's learning instead of resetting every single week. Now the best ad accounts that we see have a real structured approach where they have their main personas that align with the brand's main positioning and kind of messaging. You figure out, okay, what is the best angle? What is the best hook? And then you consistently test that across different formats. You test it and really try and build that ad account and that's how you get compounded results and that's how you can actually reach seven figures a month in ad spend. So rule number one, the winning angle never comes from the product out or from inside the business. So majority of the time, it's never the one that the brand thinks is the most important. It's never the one that came out of a team meeting. It's the one that comes from the customer, the language that they're already using to describe their problem before they've even heard of the product. Every competitor in your category is walking past the same frustrated customer because they're briefing creative based on what they want to say rather than what the customer is already thinking. Now, the brand that finds that gap first and names it first wins the attention. That's a starting point for everything that we build. So, you want to be using your customer reviews, your Reddit, wherever your customers are actually talking, post-purchase surveys, any post-purchase data you have, comment sections, that's where you can find their specific language. Now, rule number two is test angles, not just ads. So, an angle is the one idea the whole ad is built from. The specific frustration or desire that makes that right person feel like the ad was made for them and the product was made for them. Now, I'm not sure just talking about the hook, the format, or the creative. It's the whole idea of the ad. Now, when you track angles instead of just ads, you start understanding which type of message actually converts your specific customer. And that's what builds up over time. That's how you can compound your ad account. And without it, you're just looking at spend and ROAS with no understanding of anything that's working and why, which means you can't actually replicate it when it stops. And it also means you can never get compounding results in your ad account. Now, rule number three is when you find a winner, build from it. A lot of brands find something working and will just put more budget behind it and scale it and scale it and scale it, which is half right. But, the only problem is it will eventually fatigue. They'll go looking for something new, trying to make new ad creatives. Now, that cycle is obviously what keeps ad accounts stuck in the same spot month after month. What's better to do is build on what's already working. So, you can take that same angle, test it in a different format. You can take the same concept, try a new hook. Now, you're not hunting for a new winner every single time. But, what you're doing is you're getting more out of the ones that you already have. You're collecting more data on what works with your customers. And eventually, you will find those new angles and those new winning ads. Now, one example of this is we had a winning ad that spent six figures. The simplest thing in the world that we did, we got a UGC creator to record a green screen ad. So, how that looked was the winning ad was behind them and they were in a corner of the screen. And they speaking through saying, "I saw this product on Facebook and I had to try it." And then played the hook of that winning ad, and we made another ad that spent six figures, as simple as that. You can do that by changing the hook, you can do that by building from the angle, by chopping and changing the existing footage that you have, getting new creators. There's so many ways that you can make new winning ads, and that's what the job is to do and try and find. Now, rule number four is have a real decision framework written down before you launch. Now, there's two mistakes that you need to watch out for here. The first one is pulling ads too early. So, if an ad's getting spend, the algorithm is still learning. So, give it some room to actually spend and get results. The second is keeping ads running out of hope. If something hasn't hit target after a few weeks or spent a lot of budget, holding onto it is just burning your budget, and it's very important to find the line between those two mistakes. So, what you want to do is write your decision criteria before an ad even goes live. So, always optimize for purchase, of course, not add to cart or traffic or view content, which surprisingly enough, I know a lot of you will be thinking, "Okay, that's obvious." Yeah, I still audit ad accounts spending a decent amount of money that are optimizing for the wrong thing, which is crazy in 2026. Because whatever you actually opt- imize for is what the pixel will learn to find. Now, rule five is track everything, not just what works. So, you need to know what angle was tested, what format, what hook, and what the result was for every single ad. Without that, you have no way to build on anything. An ad that underperformed at $500 spend can become a winner when one thing is changed, but only if you know what the element you need to change is. Now, a tracker, some kind of simple tracker is what separate brands that build on the results over time from brands that just keep starting off over and over again. Now, using these five rules, we took a supplement brand from 500 K to $1 million a month in Meta ad spend in 60 days. We took a car accessories brand from 90 K to over $2 million per month in revenue in just 7 months. Now, one of our clients came to us, they were working 12-hour days, running the ads himself, writing the scripts, managing every single piece of content himself, and still losing ground because his best ads were dying. He had no idea to replace them. So, he went from being the bottleneck in his own business to only having to approve final ads once a week. Now, the creative was built from the customer research, tested with structure, and then iterated based on what the data was actually saying. That's what this system can actually produce. And in 2026, the brands that have it are going to keep pulling further ahead than the ones that don't. So, if you want my team to run this for your brand, the research, the angles, the creative system, the link is in the description, and you can book a free call. We'll audit your ad account, show you exactly which angles are worth testing, and map out what this looks like for your brand specifically. Now, if you want to see the full process in action, how we go from a blank page to a complete creative package for a real brand step-by-step, I broke that down in this video right here, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nbrayn [1 likes]: Awesome video Adam 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥

- Andromeda Meta Ads Framework — Real-World Results & Hybrid Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda has been a bonus for a long time. I think since, you know, I think sometime August or September 2025, Andromeda came into effect and it impacted quite a number of campaigns, you know, because they introduced this new um the AI machine learning algorithm at the back that's supposed to be so much smarter, as so they claim. Uh but after so many months down the road right now, I think it's more than 6 months already. Um yes, I have definitely implemented Andromeda campaign on almost every one of my clients, but I have to say not every one of them uh have really seen great success using the Andromeda framework. Now, let's put it this way. If you're new to Andromeda framework, basically, it's actually a new method of running Meta ads that Meta recommended based on the new algorithm or so-called a new ad matching um so-called delivery engine that is built from ground up. And now, what Meta promises here is it is so much smarter that it will deliver the ad according to the audience intent. Now, we have understand Meta ads is an intent-based advertising for a long time right now, but what Andromeda promises here is that if you put a lot of ads targeting different persona, Meta will be able to deliver your ad according to what they are, who they are, where which part of the customer journey they are at, according, you know, so you can just chuck all the messages in it. Targeting middle age, targeting older age, targeting teenagers, targeting male, targeting female, targeting parents, and all that. Just put, you know, my Meta says, "Let's do 20 to 30 ads in one ad set in one campaign." So, just let Meta algorithm go and learn and whatever it is. Now, after running this for a while, what we observe here is this. There are two problems, mainly. I mean, one of a problem is definitely the very common problem where we have many ads in one ad set, which is a portion of ads, you know, let's say if you have 10, usually about two to three ads will take the lion's share of the budget. So, that's the biggest problem. Now, we are fine with it if it's performing, but the problem here is which will lead to the second challenge, which I constantly observe in my clients that are running Andromeda campaign, which which is Meta do not constantly um channel good amount of budget to the performing ad. Say, for example, this week this ad has been performing really well with good CTR and good cost per result, but then next week eventually, Meta spend way lesser budget on it and start testing different, you know, ads that we have in the pool. So, the inconsistency creates a lot more uh so-called uh volatility and uncertainty in the entire campaign. So, eventually, what we are doing here is that I mean, I'm not saying that Andromeda ads is not working, but what we are observing here is if you are not spending a lot of money as in not a lot. But But having said that, if you spend a lot, you still face the challenge. So, what we do here is we we maintain more like a, you know, like how do we call it? A hybrid structure right now. I'm not saying that you have to do this, but okay, now let's say if you want to spend $100 a day and then we have about 10 ads at the moment. So, what I do is yes, I will have a Andromeda campaign where I put all 10 ads in it, but I will probably will spend about 50 to 60 dollars in it. So, with the remaining budget, I will probably spend on, you know, we just slowly gradually test. So, cuz we have 10, right? We probably will start with five, maybe, and each one we will spend maybe just $10 on each uh on a weekly basis. So, the idea here is that we will observe, you know, if the Andromeda is stable then here it should be just, you know, we will just slowly channel things over, but if Andromeda is not stable, uh what we still observe at the moment is when we do single ad ad set or single ad campaign, which is, you know, if you're too lazy to go into the ad set level and manage it. We do single ad campaign right now in most of my clients when they try to adopt single ad strategy. Uh it's actually more stable. So, let's say for example, if this ad has been running at certain CTR, certain CPM, certain cost per result, usually when we do that way in a single ad structure, it's more stable. So, when it's when it's more stable, what does it mean? It means we are able to scale more predictably, more, you know, like within so-called prediction as in like we are not having a lot of uncertainty in it because it's working. It should and after weeks that it continues to work so well, we should be able to confidently scale on it. So, that gives us a little bit of certainty. But, what we do here is that we do a hybrid I said. So, if it's not working after 2 weeks, we will retire. We will test a new one until we have a few, let's say for example, after a while, we have about four to five or even more. Some Some clients have about like 10, 15 single ad structures over there that are already running well and we scale there. So, on the other hand, we will continue to test the Andromeda if it continues to work. Otherwise, we will shift things over. So, we do see a 50/50 situation right now. Yes, I still have clients who are doing well with Andromeda framework, but you know, a portion of them we already shifted to a different structure. But, like I said, I think what we I would recommend right now here is that instead of believing in one framework or one structure, you know, all out or in, I would say let's be a lot more objective. You see, here's the thing. I always like to say this. I'm not trying to prove which framework works better. I just want to make sure that I help my client achieve the best result, if that makes sense. Yeah, like just like back then where I when a lot of people were trying different detailed targeting and all that. I mean, I I was always telling my clients, are we trying to prove whether digital marketing works better than Facebook ads Facebook page admin, or what? I mean, is it our responsibility to prove that or rather we should focus on I mean, let's see which structure gets us better results and then we continue with it. So, yeah. But, of course, when it comes to the testing and all that, it takes a bit of strategy building and definitely we need to have we need to monitor those key metrics very closely. So, just in case if you need help, you know, if you're spending quite a fair bit, you want to have a more reliable structure, you want to work with someone who have tried various combination of strategy and you want to work together to build your campaign to a more stable and predictable growth in the future. I would recommend that you schedule a one-on-one discussion because I do take client right now, but this is not something that I can able to just come in and, you know, review your campaign and give you all the answers because we need to test things one thing at a time over time. So, this is a subscription-based Meta Ads coaching program where we will meet once a week. On top of that, I will have access to your ad account where I would have be able to monitor on a ongoing basis. And then, yeah, and of course, on top of that, you have email support from me. So, as and when you have let's say you have new creative, you have questions, you want to bounce off certain things, just drop me an email and I will be able to reply to you. And on a weekly basis, we will meet once a week for 30 minutes. We discuss strategy, we look at the numbers, we talk about how we do adjustment from here and there. And that's how we work together, hopefully, strategically and you know, structurally, we take your campaign to the next level together. So, yeah, if that's something that you're looking for, then scan this QR code and I look forward to work with you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonGan: ⚠ EMERGENCY AD FIX? STOP WASTING MONEY NOW! Get a direct 1:1 strategy session with me to solve your campaign's biggest block instantly. 

🔥 1. QUICK FIX (30-Min Zoom): Solve your ad problem today. 
➡ BOOK HERE: https://jasongan.link/audit

🎁 2. FREE TRAINING: Access my Meta Ads Masterclasses. 
➡ ACCESS FREE MASTERCLASSES: https://jasongan.link/freetraining

📈 3. FULL COACHING: Ready to hire a partner? Apply for the weekly 1:1 coaching program. 
➡ APPLY NOW: https://jasongan.link/fbadscoaching
  2. @balqis.sy2: Bro how to run Advenatge+ Shopping campaign now? i can't find the option

- Meta Andromeda: Stop Trusting In-Platform “Good” Metrics: Kind: captions Language: en Meta says everything's good. That's different than normal, right? Usually Meta is like everything's terrible and everything looks good. Now Meta is like everything looks great. Could this be Andromeda splitting out too much existing customers? Could be taking this new ad and showing it to these people maybe turned a lot of people off. Could be. So those are things that we have to evaluate. But we have it controlled. We haven't identified how it is actually affecting the main campaign. They're kind of interesting to think about. >> It's funny. I I I have these like weird epiphies in the shower. Um, I'm sitt I'm like, you know what? If adsets, if a new adset is only used for spend and the spend is used for the creative and the creative is going to go to the existing audience, I'm going to use the adsets pragmatically. Um, like when I need something, not necessarily just as a SOP like well new creative got to put it in the new adset. I don't want to do it that way. I want to say like new creative is it a different concept? How would this concept work blending in with the existing creative and or sorry with the existing people? >> Yeah. >> But then also how is it going to affect like the existing people plus new? Um and so we we made a made a test and I did it in one of the oldest Andromeda accounts that I have that's been following along with like the the best uh type of performance or best type of uh I guess I would say um instruction to to the Andromeda model. By the way, my internet has been pretty much dead all day. I got to keep my camera pause. Otherwise, I'm just going to go completely off screen um and like fail this thing. I've I've had to shift over two different Wi-Fi connections. So, if I fall off, I will be back. It's just been really wonky today. >> No problem. If you hear like a weird weird sound in the background, it's just my heater kicking in because it's like 20 here today and it's I know it's really cold where you are like mid70s. So, >> snowstorm at 74. I mean like it's >> like it is freezing here. >> Like you know put on >> 80 like how do you exist? You almost might have to wear like shoes instead of sandals. Like it's people in Florida are dying. Okay. >> All right. So here here's the whole model. Um we've had a a company called Vermont Glove that I've been marketing for for several years now. And in we've swapped over to Andromeda back in uh May of 2015 or sorry May of 2025 May 14th 2025. >> Yep. >> We've been running this one campaign for a long time. >> Think about how much you've learned since May of 2025 about Android. >> I know >> it's crazy. >> I know it it is nuts cuz like everything has evolved so much where we basically since launching this we've spent 64 of the 135 on the new Andromeda model and this one launched a long time ago. This was May 14th. This is the the launch date right here. >> That's awesome. >> So, we said, "Okay, I want to we want to try testing a brand new type of creative." The problem is this brand new type of creative is a little controversial. A little bit of like tongue-in-cheek adult humor. So, think about um >> I did see this this week. Okay. >> Yeah. So, this one is going to be Yeah. So, a little bit of kind of like tongue-in-cheek funny humor, but there, you know, ignore the like he's got to use his hand for a job. That's as far as I'm gonna I'm gonna say anything. Okay. >> Play on words. >> Yeah, exactly. You know, it's a glove. Okay. Makes sense. All right. Um, so anywh who, so he has to use a hand for a job. Anyway, we started the campaign off on a new ad set because what I wanted to do is measure what has been working in this campaign which we have built for quite some time. The active ads are still 98. I have 98 active ads. This is a big campaign. I do not want to accidentally mess this one up. >> Classic creative diversification. This is a great like this is a this is not something that you wake up saying, "Oh, I want that." You're gonna have to get an ad that shows you, "Wow, this is something that I really now need now that I know what it is." >> Exactly. >> It's a glove. >> Yeah. And exactly. I mean, everyone knows what a glove is. It out of 98 ads, 42 of them have more than $100 in spend. And we only spend $300 a day. >> So, when we're talking about creative diversification, this is this is truly it. This is what we're what we're actually talking about, which is Yeah. I mean, great great spend allocation. 7,800 the first one, 7,800 on the second one, 5,800 on the third one. Like, great stuff. >> So, I didn't want to screw this one up because we have, you know, a group of ads here. We made 15 ads because again, if you're going to make a concerted effort to change direction in your content narrative, you have to do so with both feet forward. It's not just dip a toe in it. You got to dive head first, which means I need 15 variations of this, including two different montages. Meaning if you added these to the 88 other ads, they would they get I guess you're gonna get to that. But I mean what you're trying to do is you're trying to really test a new completely different concept here that's like far away from everything else that you've done and it's like how do you do that in the Andromeda age? Like I don't know. I don't know what the answer to the question is. But anyway, I'm just sort of explaining it to people who sort of maybe are coming in midstream here. >> Yeah, you're exactly right. It's like if I put this into a campaign that has had ad spend on ads for over a year >> would this even gain anything? Would it even gain any sort of value? Would it gain any sort of ad spend? And I didn't know the answer to that. And so I said, well, let's try it. So a few things that I noticed is that we have been running this for only 3 days. That's that you're kind of seeing like ground floor like what's going on today. We're we've only been running it for three days. So if we look at a maximum of like seven days in in our we spent 100 bucks. Like I mean it's not it's nothing crazy. >> Now what's interesting about though is we had no sales day one, no sales day two, three sales day three. And those three sales that came in on day three are actually much cheaper than the people on day one. Uh which means yesterday we have $33 CPA, which is fairly normal. But then this one's down to 15. like, "Okay, well that's that's, you know, a good trend, but what happened to my other campaign before?" I was like, "Well, is it hurting?" I'm like, "Oh, wait. No, like >> this might actually be helping." Um, and this is what I needed to see. I needed to see how these users were actually interacting with the other ads. >> Granted, that's one day, but it's like your main is 38 31% >> cheaper all of a sudden, which is >> with 50% more conversions. >> Oh, even better. Okay. >> Exactly. Right. So that's what that's why I wanted this in a separate ad set because I'm working on a new Andromeda theory that's going to be creatively d creatively um directed which is if spend to ads is the most important how do we get the most amount of spend to the most amount of ads um that we that we want. So you could do that with adset obviously you could do it with I'm doing I'm not doing ad spend minimums. I'm saying you're allowed to spend $50 today would you? Like that's that's what I'm asking is I said, "Okay, you can spend $50 if you want to. >> What did you do?" And then obviously it says, "Okay, if I spent, you know, 20, then I spent 50/50." So it got up to speed really quickly. That was the first thing I wanted to see is would it spend fast? Yes. >> Then I wanted to see, well, let's look at um let's look at the uh hook rate. So yesterday 22 22. Okay. So the day before, let's see, the day before is 2220. Okay. So this is actually a slightly better hook rate um the day before yesterday. And what about day one? 2921. Okay, so this is basically had better hook rates >> except for today on all three day averages. 2321. This one's still in learning by the way, but >> buyers not might have come online yet. I mean, you never know. Like you haven't the full 24 hours, but yeah. So it's promising >> and and we really only have uh new customers. We don't really have returning customers. That's why I'm not using any sort of cappy imports cuz if we look at the top line this yesterday, we did have a whole b bunch of like returns that we had to make. So that killed that. But I'm still at 94% orders. So that is neither here nor there. So we'll go through the top line here results as a at a moment. But if I was running this in a different scenario, like if I was saying, "Hey, I don't know if this is going to work or not, and I don't even know if we should go after these people and yada yada yada," then I might be singing a different tune in terms of uh well, in regards to the Cappy imports, but >> right now we don't have to worry about that. >> Okay, >> let's let's keep going though. So, as of right now, I didn't need to worry about it. Let's see if I do. So, inside of here, next we want to look at what is the engage view conversions versus click conversions. M this camp this company does have a lot of good visualizations, but they also do have obviously 100 ads have been running for like 100 days. You know, there's there's a lot of things here that can take a lot of credit for something even, you know, not on purpose. >> So, we're looking at this saying, okay, if we have one one day view but two clicks, good. I need to have more clicks than views. That's going to be super helpful for me, >> right? >> If I see more one day or if I see more one day views and clicks, this thing is doing more remarketing and not getting any sort of engagement. But hook rate tells me that people do like this and they are engaged uh at least throughout the entirety of the journey and I do have still more clicks than one day views on both. >> Mhm. >> So let me say okay last thing I wanted to read. Can I just put that screen back up there? The way to read that for somebody who isn't familiar with this how to look at one day click 7-day click 28 day click. You read that as they're all twos. So the the new media buyer will be like what does that mean? >> How do you interpret it? What looking at this right here? >> Yeah. Like for me, I would look at it and say, "Okay, well, it's not a seven-day click. It's a like people are clicking this within one day and buying." At least two of them did. Another person viewed it and then maybe converted elsewhere, maybe on the secondary campaign. I'm not really sure, but u actually no, it wouldn't be they that probably means that they did a Google search or they did something or found it elsewhere. >> So, how would you interpret that click data, I guess, is the question. And this is a basic question for you obviously, but more for our listeners or watchers. >> Yeah. Like how do how am I going to be interpreting like these the clicks this group here versus that group. Yep. >> So typically what I'm looking at is if I want to know if a campaign is stealing attribution or if it's actually delivering contribution. >> I look at well what did it take credit for? What type of engagement? >> Now one day engage view is never meaning that it's bad. It doesn't mean that this is remarketing and 10 one day views does not necessarily mean does not guarantee that it is remarketing. What this means is that these people simply saw an ad and converted without ever clicking on it. >> Now that can that that by definition is remarketing. You know when you're re-engaging people that are not making their buying decision and they're still seeing an ad and then converting. However, you can also get the people that are seeing an ad, seeing an ad, seeing ad Google the brand name and convert. That could also be in here. >> Right? So now over here on these 7-day clicks, I don't have that question. I know that everyone that had a conversion in here at least clicked on this campaign at least the last thing that they did. >> Right? So if I look and say, do I have more clicks than remarketing? Do I have more clicks than remarketing? Yes, I know these are clicks. These may not be clicks. They could be prospecting or they also could be remarketing. It doesn't it it it's always it's always binary. I always want these, but I never want these to be higher. >> Got But I still want them >> because then it means that okay, at least I'm getting some people clicking on it. Exactly right. >> I mean, you're checking with the source of truth inside Shopify, too. You're cross referencing it. Of course. >> Well, that's the last thing that we have to check. Exactly. Right. So, we we go day by day because I'm no longer using uh well because I'm no is I'm not using Cappy imports. I got to look at something here like let's say well let's just look at yesterday. So, we have to look at it not between sorry I have to say is. So, we have to say is exactly yesterday. How many new customers do we get yesterday? 20. Okay. What did I spend yesterday? Well, yesterday we spent in the ad set because that's the only thing that we really care about. We have a mouse spent of yesterday versus the day before of well actually let's do this. Let's do three days total. So let's look look at the full the full total uh the full total impact. It looks like all the conversions from 47 went down to 26. So down 44 and we had three there. Now, that is not a good look when you see $73 going from 19 up to 33, then 38. This is looking really, really, really poor. 921 down to eight. So, we basically spent the same, but in that entire 3-day test, everything looks like it did worse. Yes, that would technically be the that would technically be the the correct uh assessment of that in platform data. So, then we have to look at it and say, okay, well, what actually happened here? So we look at the first order date between the last you know the the last three days we have 58 new customers. Let's look at that comparison to the previous period. So we have 58 during that time period of 10 1112 we have to go to 789. So we got 10 112. Let's look at 789. How many customers do we have there? So at 58 this time period 105 this time period. >> A lot more. Yep. >> Wow. Okay. >> Now there was a lot more. >> Now the bad part is is People in Massachusetts are buying these gloves, I noticed. Maybe it's so freaking cold here. >> I think so. I I think it really Yeah, I think it really is that that I think it's that actually freaking cold. >> Now, here's what's interesting is Facebook has 37% less. Instagram has 95% less when we're looking at these date ranges. Now, the problem is is we did suck out a whole bunch of orders with returns. M >> so that that part we have to take a look at and say well if you can't count it as a new order if they did get an order and they did get returned this is actually looking really really poor from the previous time periods that was yesterday >> right >> so yesterday is kind of like well is this is this actually hurting us well let's look at the top line here so 101 minus yesterday compared to the previous period still down 55%. Well it doesn't look like things are going good right now. Email is down quite a bit from sales. So that part we have to say, okay, we lost $1,000 there. So 51, we lost seven. This is not looking good at all. Facebook is still going high. Facebook is seeing more sales, but my my Google usually that is a lot of re-engagement, remarketing has tanked down. >> So what is the results here? Too early to tell. >> Absolutely. For sure. Way too early to tell. I have a lot more orders fulfilled. I have a lot of returns. I haven't orders down, but I have more new customers. This is very very very very very wonky. Now, this is a weird test because we are going into a slower time period. We do tend to drop off kind of like in the beginning middle of February and then we pick back up in March and April when we're springtime because we're coming out of winter trying to sell winter gloves. But it is interesting to see that if we're looking at the last seven days compared to the previous seven days, not including this time period here, that after adding in these new ads and Meta saying everything is getting better, I would slightly disagree. Instagram's worse, Facebook's worse. Nothing is green here. My conversion rate is down, my orders are down, my return customer rate is up, you know, search is down, this is down, down, down, down, down, down. So, absolutely not looking good for the last week. Yesterday was the first day that we got orders. Yesterday looks amazing. 100% more orders, but 42% returned. Yes. Now, we did have a whole bunch of returns here that I can't see the the actual attribution, but conversion rate is up 54% and sessions over time is flat. So, this is what I'm saying is the week horrible. Last three days kind of mediocre. The first time that we got sales was yesterday and yesterday looks fantastic. So, right now, no idea what's what we should do except for wait because it's only been three days. Now, here's what I'm expecting. If over the next week, we keep spend flat, we're going to not touch anything. Next Friday, we're going to review this because I always tell my clients, if you're running launching a test and the first few days look bad, don't do anything. >> Right? >> We saw first two exactly the week, The first two days horrible. Yesterday, 100% new customers. >> Wait a minute. Hold on. We went from 10 and 12 new customers to yesterday we got 22. >> Right. >> So, okay. Okay, all of a sudden things doubled yesterday and we all of a sudden have better hook rates and we have better in platform metrics, better topline metrics. Let's hold tight. That's all we're doing. We're just going to wait. We're just going to hang tight, wait and see how how this starts to progress as we just literally give it just nothing but time. >> But it is good to see like this is not every single thing is a home run. We have to evaluate everything. If I listen to Meta, Meta says everything's good. >> Yeah, >> that's that's that's different than normal, right? Usually Meta is like everything's terrible and everything looks good. Now Meta's like everything looks great. Top line. >> Not looking great. Could this be new ad and showing it to these people, maybe turned a lot of people off. >> could be. So, those are things that we have to evaluate. But we have it controlled. >> We have it identified how it is actually affecting the main campaign. >> We also can see the hook rates. We can also limit spend. I've capped it to so that using an adset pragmatically, I can only have 20% of my ad spend to spend on these new creatives that are a completely different direction. New concept, new hook, new offer, everything's brand new. >> If I stuck this in the main campaign and it got spent and the top line looks like this, I would be panicking. >> hook rate's better. It would have absolutely got spend. It started spending full budget day two. This thing could have spent $300 a day and killed my whole company because we chose the wrong concept. >> So, kind of interesting to think about how you could match that. >> Yeah, exactly. It's super interesting that what's throwing me off sort of in my brain is the day of like where you got all those returns >> and I forget now like which day that was. Sorry, my phone is buzzing the best day. >> The best looking day and you got returns on that day. So >> I would take that as like a positive like >> I think so. >> But it's too early to say because it's what three day you've been testing this three days less than three days. >> Really? >> Yeah. So that that we we'll kind of see like how this progresses. But yes, I think right now it's kind of safe to say that so far the results are inconclusive but trending poorly. That's not going to say that it's going to end poorly. It just means that it's trending poorly right now. That's kind of what it looks like to me.

- Creative Sequencing Explained: How to Scale Meta Ads Post Andromeda in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I've been managing different ad accounts on Meta for different e-commerce brands and I've seen this very common mistake, which is the uh misunderstanding of the creative sequencing and how creative sequencing works now post Andromeda and gem. So, in this video, I want to clarify this topic and go into the details and explain everything about it. So, I will be talking about how uh the creative sequencing works post Andromeda and gem, how your creative strategy should change based on this new optimization system, how to create creative briefs Andromeda-friendly, what ad account structure to use that best fit this new system, when to turn off and turn on ads, and how to profitably scale the ad account. So, let me jump straight into it. Just see here in the last 30 days, I've been managing and overseeing a lot of different um brands spending a lot of money on Facebook ads, and uh all the um suggestions and everything I'm going to explain in today's video have basically been tested by me and my team with our clients and uh also like different strategies that we have applied, even like for the clients that we consult, and we've been really seeing uh some amazing results with this and it's very important that you actually understand how Meta uh now works, especially with the creative sequencing system, and what kind of implementation you need to do inside the ad account in order to make this thing work. First topic is how creative sequencing works post Andromeda and gem. This is very important for you to know because you need to know the foundation in order to actually do something about it, you know, implement the uh actual uh strategy to make your ads work. So, if you look at these two main articles that comes from Meta Andromeda and uh gem, we notice two main thing. The first thing that we notice is that Meta Andromeda is a personalized ads retrieval engine. What does it means is that there is a main keyword here, which is personalization. Personalization in the ads is something that Andromeda wants to see in order to actually improve the delivery. So, the more personalized your ads are for different personas and different people, the better the performance will be. And this is the first thing. The second thing here is that as you can see from the gems architecture, gems is basically the brain behind Andromeda. You can see that gem is basically trained in different ad accounts and the scope is that it's going to create a sequencing of the ads in terms of like how the ads are delivered and also uh creating a sequence with your organic interaction. So, there will be a different type of organic and uh ads content that uh basically are sequencing um to each other when they're delivered to people. And so, you might see someone that sees a different type of your ads and then sees an organic content, then he sees again uh the ad and and so on. And so, these two elements here that you want to remember are the personalized ads and ads content sequencing. The uh These are basically the two main keywords that we want to understand. Now, if we go into the details when it comes to Andromeda, we can basically see that these two things here basically mean that the ads are personalized for each user. So, let's say you have these five different ads here that you launch inside your ad account, then what you see is that for one user, maybe the sequencing is like this, straight, right? Then for another user, the sequencing might be like this. And then people buy here. For another user, the sequence can start from here and then it goes here and then it goes here and here. So, what you need to understand is what are the different pieces of the puzzle, so the sequencing, that you guys need to actually consider in order to make your ads work. Because if you create your ads, if you build your ad strategy without considering this uh sequencing system and the personalization of the ads, then things are not going to work. So, um let's dive into how you can actually uh change your creative strategy based on this new optimization and delivery system. So, couple of things to mention. Let's start with this. When you create an ad, you need to look at your ad creation into uh this kind of graph here. So, when you create an ad, you need to define your personas. So, the persona is the basically who you're targeting. Let's say moms over 50, stressed about whatever. Or like entrepreneurs, young entrepreneurs, 25 years old, whatever. These are just like some examples for you, right? Then, for each different persona, you have a lot of different angles. And then, for each different mix of persona angle, you can create So, for each different angle, you can create different concept. The concept are basically the um uh ads they use to deliver the specific message that contains the angle. So, let's say for instance, the angle is um I'll do an example here. So, let's say the angle is um improve sleep. This is the main angle, okay? And uh we want to focus mainly on uh on like busy entrepreneurs, okay? Which are basically between, let's say, 30 to 40 and always go deep about the persona itself. So, are the pains and the desire, right? Then, the angle is improve sleep, but why they want to improve sleep? Because they want to produce better outcomes at work. They want to make more money, right? Okay. So, that's the actual outcome. And we need to focus on this. So, our concept is like how we deliver this message, which is improve sleep in order to make more money, visually, either through a static or through a video, okay? This is how we want to identify concept. And uh just just for you to give an example, we might have um us versus them. Format here. We might might have another angle. Sorry, another another concept here, which is like the headliner. So, you have the big headline on top with the product. You might have another concept, which is I don't know, like USB. So, you have the product in here with different USBs here. Okay? You can have like before and after. There are so many, right? Same things for the video. So, the video If this is a video, right? Then you might have like three reasons why. Or you might have I don't know, like a testimonial. Okay? So, all these things here are basically our concepts. And if we mix the concept in here with the angle and the persona, we will get our ad. Okay? And this is how you need to think when it comes to creative strategy. Now, another that if you have a persona, a persona can have different angles, right? And then each different angle can have different concept. So, we might create different ads for different angle using different concept. This is very important for you to understand because if you understand this, then what you can do is understand that if you have a specific persona in here, a persona might have a different angle. And a persona might have different pain point. And the angle can also be delivered through different messages. Right? So, let's say they improve sleep for entrepreneur that we said before here, right? So, they want to improve sleep because they want to make more money, but you have different ways of delivering this message. You can either say like improve sleep because you want to make more money, okay? Very straight to the end outcome. Or you can be a little bit more soft and be like you can not sleep at night because you have Uh, like you think about work, okay? And then you actually be like, "Okay, then this is the solution for you." Okay, so you want to call out some problems. So, this different application of an angle is what we basically define as user awareness stage, okay? Um, because there are some people that are like, "Okay, I have this problem, which is um, improve sleep, right?" And then I'm like, "Okay, what you do, you call out the problem in the ad, and then you offer, you show the solution." Okay? Or you can either call out a solution and be like, "Hey, I know you've been trying this, this, and that to improve your sleep, but nothing has worked. And the reason is because you're not using my product, because my product has X, Y, and Z ingredient and whatever, okay?" Let's move towards this new concept here. When you create your ads, um, for Meta, you need to understand the ROAS that you see on the ad is technically wrong. And the reason why I'm saying it's wrong is because it's based on a last click attribution. What does this mean? Is that if someone see the ads in a sequence and they click here, and then they buy, the sales goes here. And so the ROAS looks high here, but maybe the reason why was able to see this ad is because that specific person got served these two ads, specifically this one. And so since you cannot track this, you might make wrong decision when you look at the ROAS, okay? And this is important for you to know before we do anything else. Now, let's look here, and this is very important. When you, most likely if you open your ad account now, you will find this correlation between frequency and ROAS. That means that if the frequency is high, ROAS is also high. Why? Because you're targeting basically the lowest part of the funnel in here, right? If the frequency is low, then you see that ROAS is also low because you're going most top of funnel. So, you will see that the most unaware ads will have a reported low ROAS here. And then, you will see that your most aware ads will have a higher reported ROAS here, right? This is a reported ROAS for this ad compared to this one. Okay? But now, what you need to understand is that here the frequency is also higher. And here, the frequency, as you can see here, is lower, right? So, what you need to look at, rather than looking at single ad ROAS, it's important for you to look at the average ROAS of the sequence that you create. That's why when you create ads, you don't have to think about the single ad itself. So, look at the data singularly about the single ad itself, but you need to look at the entire sequence. Now, when you build a sequence, you usually can build a sequence either within a single ad set, and we go this into details a little bit later, or the sequence can also happen across different ad sets, right? Because like doesn't mean that you need to So, let's say here you have I don't know, like three ads, and then here you also have other three ads, right? So, while here the sequence might be stronger because you're going towards technically a specific persona, if you're using a same persona in another ad set, most likely the sequence might be also um happen across different ads from different ad set. Okay? Because you're still targeting the same persona in there, right? Now, you need to remember this because we're going to look more into it in details uh later. So, the next topic is how you now want to create creative briefs in a way that they are more Andromeda friendly. So, how you create brief in a way that everything that you do is built based on this ad sequencing personalized system, which is how Andromeda works, right? So, the first thing you need to understand are your personas, okay? So, first exercise is identify your personas. And you need to be specific, but not too specific about this. Like, you cannot be entrepreneur, okay? Um is like entrepreneur stressed of his business declining. And then, another persona could be stressed moms because of work plus family. They need to take care of like a lot a lot of different things, okay? Now, for this example, let's say we take this persona as an example. So, busy entrepreneur stressed of his business declining, low margins, you know, this kind of stuff. once we have the persona, we want to identify the angle. And we have two persona here, but in this example, we're going to focus on this persona. And let's look at different angles. So, for instance, we can have two different angles in here. The first angle is entrepreneur nervous system burnout. And just for you to know, the hook is something like, "If you're exhausted, but your brain is still won't shut off at night, your nervous system is probably overloaded, okay?" So, this is one angle here. And another angle could be this one, high cortisol. So, most stressed entrepreneurs don't actually have a sleep problem. They have a stress recovery problem. This is another angle, okay? Now, for each angle that you do, that you have, and that you build, what you need to do, you need to actually go into the details and understand what are the emotional trigger, the narrative, in order to understand how you need to present your product, okay? And this comes down to the actual messaging. So, what once you know all these things, you have your angle, but now you have different messaging that you can use to deliver that angle. next, let's say we pick this angle here, which is if you're exhausted, uh but your brain still won't shut down at night, your nervous system is probably overloaded. So, we offer the solution in order to avoid that the nervous system is going to be overloaded, okay? Cool. So, now we need to pick the concept. When it comes to concept, we need to understand that we have different type of concept. We have the educational talking head video, let's say. We have the founder story, ads versus them static ad, headline static ads, testimonial ad, discount offer. So, we pick one concept or multiple concept to deliver this angle. And now this is where the part gets very interesting. you have different concept that you can choose from. These are just some of them. There are many more, right? And then, what you also have are different user awareness stages because you have people who are unaware, people who are problem aware, solution aware, product aware, and most aware, right? And so, what you need to do here, you need to create and you need to think in a creating sequencing system. Meaning when you uh run your ad for a specific angle, right? People might see your ads in a specific sequence. You don't know though the sequence. So, actually, let me uh clarify this here. So, let's say we target this persona, okay? Which is the entrepreneur. Now, some of these people might And the angle is uh let's say the angle is this one. The angle is the nervous system is overloaded, okay? they cannot sleep at night because of the nervous system. Now that we have this angle, this angle can be delivered across different user awareness stage, okay? Unaware, problem aware, solution aware, um product aware, and most aware. Okay? Now, when you launch your your ad set and all your ads inside your ad account, the mistake that I see is that people create five different variation of the same user awareness stage. And this is the mistake because you're not thinking like Andromeda works. And so, you're building ads in a way that doesn't really work after Andromeda. So, what you need to do, you need to create ads in a sequence. Meaning that you need to consider all the user awareness stages. And when you create ads for the creative brief, the creative briefs should be built built in a way, and the copy should be written in a way, and the concept should be used in a way that match different user awareness stages. And so, what you want to do in this case, for instance, you want to have one to three concept for each awareness stage. So, one to three concept for unaware, one to three concept for problem aware, one to three concept for solution aware, one to three concept for product aware, and most aware. Now, here, what you're going to do, you're going to use different concepts because not the same concept can be applied to the same or different user awareness stages. So, for instance, if you have the us versus them, the us versus them is an ad concept that you should apply to people that are solution aware or product aware. Okay? Most likely solution aware because they know there is already a solution, which for instance is like, I don't know, a pill versus a gummy, for instance, something like that, or I don't know, like using uh your supplement against against other whatever supplement that is in the market. This thing here is important for you because when you create your ads, you need to spread your ads across these different stages because if you only focus on one, then things are not going to work. Because you're not creating the sequence. And something very important to to mention in here is that let's say you create ad number one, two Actually, let me do like this. One, two, three, four, and five. This is unaware, this is probably aware, this is solution aware, this is um uh product aware, and this is most aware. Okay? Now, when you put all these ads into one ad set, what is going to happen is that And by the way, these are all the same angle. Okay? What is going to happen is that when you target this persona, which are these entrepreneurs here, right? These entrepreneurs here above. What is going to happen is that um this ad set here is going to use different creatives to target different um users that are within your persona at different user awareness stages. That means that some people might see this ad first, other people might see this ad first. Okay? And then you're going to convert them, and then there is going to be a sequence triggering because for instance, maybe you have three ads here in this solution aware, then someone might see one ad in the the solution aware, then another one, and then we'll see one of your other ads that you have in the in the problem aware let's say bucket, [clears throat] okay? And so that's why what you will see, you will see different things going on basically. Like, what you will see is that there are some ads that are working more, and you will see that these ads here more than aware will have a lower frequency and lower ROAS, but this that's is happening because they're targeting more top of funnel. While all of these here, especially these two, are targeting more bottom of funnel. And so technically here, the frequency is higher, and so the ROAS is higher. But the issue that I see is that what people do they most likely focus only on this on this here, and so when they scale up the budget, things break. And let me actually give you a realistic example of this from a brand that for sure you know. This is grown, right? So, this ad here is for unaware audience. And let's look at it together. Let's read it together. So, we actually understand what is going on. So, this is a bit awkward, very big as a hook, okay? Then, if you are on GLP-1, we should talk about your poop, okay? This is like if you are on this product, we should talk about this. So, I'm treating you like you are unaware of what is going on. And so, then because eating less sounds great until your gut starts doing its own thing, okay? And so, I'm I'm slowly like unaware, cool. Then, I call out what's the problem is, okay? And then, I'll tell you the solution, which is this one. This is the solution, right? So, is the hook here, then say "Hey, you are unaware of this because of this and but you are on unaware of this. Like, if you do this, you are unaware of this problem here, which is the problem shown here, and then this is the solution. Okay? So, this ad here is mainly for unaware. And now, what they do, they create also other ads for more problem aware. And as you can see, they are different creatives distributed this like just for starting because it's easier for you to see them. Same happened with videos. Now, now [snorts] this is problem aware. So, on GLP-1, I show you that you have this problem, so you technically are aware of the problem because I'm not telling you that you have this problem like like yes, I'm showing you, so you know or like you are already aware of the problem. And this is the actual solution. Okay? Or also, I can call out the problem and be like, "No pooping, no pooping while on GLP-1. So, do you have this problem? Time to fix it with this product." And then, you have the product aware. So, um it's basically more like focusing on the actual product, showing a lot of different offers in the ads. That's why this is more like a mix between problem aware and and and product aware, because I'm calling out the problem again, and then I'm as instantly focusing on on the on the offer. Okay? It's not like I'm not giving you anything else like this one. I'm just instantly focusing on the offer. And then, you have the most aware, which is basically just the offer. I'm not even uh deeply talking about the problem. I'm just mentioning like GLP-1 journey. I'm not saying anything specific about GLP-1. And this is how Groupon actually creates the sequencing. Now, some people might see this, and they might buy here directly. Some people might see this, and they'd be like, "Okay, interesting. I didn't know." They do some research. They don't buy. But, they do the research, and they get interested. And then, they see this ad here, and they don't buy again, because they check your website, they're not convinced, whatever. And then, they see this ad, and they might buy here. Okay, but then, the ROAS goes here. But then, which one is the creative that actually should get the credit? Is it this one, or is this one? Because without this one, the specific person didn't know about the issue. And so, the person would have never been able to engage with this ad here and convert. Right? Now, let's talk about the ad account structure to use uh the best 50 system, and how you need to think about ad account structure when you when you want to, you know, create and launch ads that focus on that takes into consideration this creative sequencing system that actually optimize for Meta Andromeda. So, you have basically two different options in here. The option number one is um campaign and then under each campaign you have the ad set number one. Each ad set is organized but by uh one persona and different angle for the same persona. So, you have persona number one, you can uh basically uh have different ad set focusing on the same persona but different angle for the same persona. And then you want to put five to 30 ads inside built in a sequencing level. My best number in here is honestly between these two, 15 to 20 is always the best. Uh of course you need to have the budget to do this. Uh you cannot do this if you have like 10 a day in this ad set or at the CBO level in the campaign if you're not running CBO. Um like if you have like I don't know, like if you have like for instance 200 in here, that works. 200 for these two, 15 ads each, 20 ads each works. But if you have 15 here, it's going to be tricky, okay? Now, the the mistake that I see is that people use bad variation rather than different concept. And this is very important because even if let's say we go back to here. So, when we create ads for the problem aware, okay? We say that we need to create one to three ads for the problem aware. But then you need to use different concept, okay? Concept concept concept under the problem aware user awareness stage, okay? Because you need to differentiate the two meta Andromeda, but the differentiation should not be just a text or whatever. You need to differentiate in a way that you are basically delivering the same message but slightly changing things inside the ad or the concept. And what I say is slightly changing exactly not slightly but it's like changing completely the concept. So, for instance, I don't know, like solution aware, right? Actually, let me give an example because there is an example here. And this is the actual example. Very very easy to understand actually. So, as you can see, this is problem aware, right? And they are targeting the same thing, problem aware, with two different concept, concept number one and concept number two. Same angle, same persona. Now, let's go back to the ad account um structuring here. So, this is the first option. And then you have the second option. The second option is having one campaign, and then what you can do, you can have one persona per ad set, and then you have multiple angle under each ad set for the same persona. So, rather than splitting and having different ad set for the for the same persona, and have different angle, what you have, you have one ad set for each persona, and have multiple angles inside each single ad set. In this case, you technically want to have more ads inside, technically 50 to 100, and this also works. Um the reason why this works is because the persona is usually the big thing. So, it's like the big audience demographic that you're targeting, and then the same persona might have different problem, different angles that you can target for the same persona. So, technically, since you're targeting the same persona, just like different angles, and sometimes there is one angle that can Sorry, there are three angle that can fit one persona. And the sequencing, that's very important to mention, is not always built around the same angle. It's always It's sometimes, not always, built under the different um different angles. That means that Let's say this is your persona in here. Okay? And then you have these three angle, angle one, angle two, and angle three. For the For each of these angle, what you do, you create, let's say, I don't know, like um 10 ads, okay? Then same here, 10. Same here, 10, okay? Now, when you put all these together in a single ad set, Meta has more data that are consolidated in one unique ad set, which is the persona that you're targeting. So, while the learning happen at the ad level, it will also happen at the ad set level. And the ad set level is just like an aggregator of learning that happen at the ad level. So, all the micro learning that are happening at the ad level are then being pushed to the ad set level. And this is where the actual demographics targeting are actually happening. Before you were using the interest, now technically you should use broad. That's why you need to use broad. And so, this concept here also works because the sequencing might also happen between not just between these ads in here, but it might also happen between this ad and then someone sees another ad, which is like the same persona, but another angle for the that persona, and then they sees like they go back and see another angle. So, the sequencing is also built here, not just within the single angle itself, right? And this happen even if you split the you split the ad set in multiple angles. The only difference is that you're consolidating more. So, when to use one option versus the other option, it simply depend on budget. Because if you are spending not a lot of money, then you want to consolidate as many things as possible because you want to consolidate the learnings um that you have, like all the conversion within less ad set and have more ads within single ad set. Then, if you have more budget, you technically want to go into this option number one because you can technically split more since you are spending more for a single ad set, and so there is more learning. Of course, this here might be a little bit more precise because you're just consolidating all the angles and persona. But this option here is usually very scalable because you are expanding a little bit more the data that the ad set is getting because you're using different angles and different concept. And so what basically means in this case is that the overall reach of the ad set it gets much bigger and you see usually a better frequency overall at the ad set level. Now the issue here is that um let me uh clean this a little bit. So the issue here is that when you do the option number two, there is an issue. And the issue is the attribution, What that basically means is that in the option number two you should turn off the ads. Okay? Because you have a lot of ads. In the option number one you can turn off the ad set. Now, why I'm saying this? Because the conversion as we mentioned already, usually gets allocated to the last click. So if I'm seeing different ads last click here I buy, this gets the conversion. But that that doesn't mean that the reason why people buy is because of this ad, okay? Now Meta optimizes sequence, but then the conversion gets attributed to the last click ad and that's the issue. And that's why when you do option two you need to be really careful about how you read the data to think like turn things off uh or keep things on and we're going to talk about this later on. And then in the option number one is technically easier because since you have you're splitting by angle, you can technically judge by this and be like, "Okay, this angle is not working. I'm going to turn it off." Because you need to look at the sequence because Meta is optimizing the sequence and not the at the single ad. So you need to avoid in this situation here to go inside the ad set and then turn off the single ad because let's say this ad here, let's say you have like 30 ads inside, right? And then this ad here has a 5x ROAS and this one has like a 1.8x ROAS. And so, what you do, but this is getting all the spend, what you do is like, okay, I'm going to turn this off. So, this one [snorts] get more spend because it's better. But, what this is doing is simply just going more, most likely, towards a lower funnel. That's why I usually tell you to look at the frequency because when ROAS is high, usually also the frequency is high. And so, the issue is that this is going here. And if you stop this one, you are stop fueling this and this the frequency goes up, what you what is going to happen if you turn this off, basically, in this one, let's say you have a frequency of uh I don't know, like [snorts] uh four weekly, frequency of four, and you have a ROAS of five, okay? You turn this off, what is going to happen is that in the next week this ad get more spend, the frequency goes up, the ROAS goes down. So, it's going to it's going to be the opposite of what it is supposed to do. So, frequency goes up, ROAS should go up, right? But, in reality, what you want to do, your end goal is technically to have the frequency goes down and to have the ROAS goes up, okay? Because this is how you you make the ads long-term sustainable. And this is also like how to avoid also like hitting the creative fatigue um as well. And so, in this case, just to go back to the ad constructor, you can turn off at the ad set level. In this case here, you need to turn off at the ads level. But, you need to be smart about your decision, meaning that you can't turn off the ad with the lowest ROAS and the highest spend. You need to judge and you need to understand things a little bit more into details. And that's the problem also of testing in because the sequence is built at the ad set level, I'm sorry, at the ads level, but also at the ad set level. And so, if you're running an in here, what you're going to do, you're basically going to allocate budget at this at the asset level. And so, when you move the budget around, you might move the budget or scale things that are not supposed to be scaled because simply because the ROAS is high, but probably it's because the frequency is high. And so, you make the this mistake, and then there is no incrementality, meaning that when you increase the budget there, the frequency goes up, ROAS goes down, and so you're spending more to get the same amount of of return in terms of like revenue. So, there is no incrementality, right? So, when it comes to turning ads off, what is important to understand is that the purchase, again, goes on the last click. if you take decisions solely based on ROAS, you will take the wrong decisions. And that's the very common situation that you see. So, in this case scenario, you see that this ad here, these two, just because they have uh uh they're more like unaware, and the reported lower ROAS is lower because the frequency is also lower, you're going to turn this off. And so, what you think is like, "Okay, I'm going to turn these two off because the ROAS is low, so Meta can spend more budget into this, and my ROAS goes up because this the ROAS is is is already higher than this, right?" But then, what is going to happen is that the frequency here is already too high. So, if you do this, the overall ROAS of the ad set or the campaign, so at the broader level, will actually go down. And then, you will wonder why. And that's the reason, basically. Because there is no top-of-funnel fuel that you're bringing with your ads because you just turned them off. So, imagine this. This is basically like how the uh creative sequencing works, and uh these are like all the different ads, and uh this one, the smaller one, is like small because the ROAS is small, uh is lower compared to this one, okay? And uh this is like unaware, and this is uh product aware. So, what you see is that there is going to be like a sequencing that you probably cannot see. I mean, you definitely cannot see inside that account. But then you see that all the most of the conversion at least goes to this ad. But in reality, what is going to happen is that there is a sequencing going on, meaning that uh people will see your ad in a sequence in a way to uh actually convert. And so, if you remove any of this ad, the probability to convert a person goes down because if someone see it, for instance, only this ad, but then uh he sees this ad after, probably it's not enough to convert. But if he sees this other ad here, then he will convert because he has seen these two ad. And it is very important. And thing is that different people have different sequences. So, you cannot see like what the sequence is. And uh that's the issue when you take the decision because like someone can see the ad number one, then the ad number two, then ad number five, or maybe someone can see ad number one, and then ad number four, and then buy, then two, three, and then four, and then buys a four without going to five, right? So, the main question is, so at the end of the day, like what to turn off and what to keep active? Um the rule number one is that you don't turn off ads based just on the lowest CPA. You need to have more contextual data about this, otherwise you will end up turning off ads that have a low CPA just because you're targeting the uh this is wrong, the unaware. So, top of funnel. Now, this is the decision-making that I follow and that I see like uh usually works um when you take decision. So, there are three main things that you want to see: the frequency, the incremental of 7-day click gross, and the incremental or decremental profit. Now, this part here is basically what happen if you take a decision. So, what you want to do, you might took uh you might uh like say turn something off, and then you want to see what is going to happen after to the return aspect? Um But let's focus mainly on frequency and ROAS cuz like it's something easier for you to actually have a look. So you turn off if your weekly frequency is high, let's say above two, and your 7-day click ROAS or incremental ROAS is below the target. If the weekly frequency is low, below than two, 7-day click ROAS and incremental ROAS is below target, then what you want to do, you want to analyze the entire campaign ROAS. If the entire campaign ROAS or ad set ROAS is good, then you need to keep it on. So um let me give you some example. Let's say you have this ad here and uh the uh last 7-day uh frequency is up two. Actually, let's say is three. And the last 7-day, last 7-day ROAS, let's say ROAS now but it can be something else as well. Um like the CPA. Uh ROAS in this case I'm talking about the 7-day click ROAS or incremental. You need to see also the difference between incremental and uh but I will I will I will talk about this later. Um 7-day click ROAS is like five. Let's say your target ROAS is two. This is good, you can keep. But now what you see is that you have another ad that has a um but on like a six frequency and the return aspect is 1.8. Sorry, this is 1.8. What you want to do, you want to turn this off. If you have an ad with the last 7-day frequency of 1. Let's say five, okay, and the ROAS is um uh let's say is like uh, 1.8. You don't turn this off. This one you keep. Especially if uh, the ad set level or the campaign level the overall ROAS is above your target, which let's say it's two. So, let's say it's like 2.5. In this case, you keep it on. If another example the frequency last 7 days is like 1.5 still, so still good. And ROAS is like 0.5, then here you can turn things off. Unless really your ad set or campaign ROAS is above two, which is your target. But, most likely this never happen if you have this that is getting a lot of spent. Another thing to mention is also like where spent is going. Um, because you also need to understand that. So, let me give you another example. Let's say this is ad number one. Right? And then you have the ad And then you have the ad three. Now, let's talk about spent. Let's say this one is spending like 1,000, this is a spending 200, and this is spending 20. Frequency, this is like all 7 days, okay? And ROAS. Let's say here the frequency is like um, 1.8. ROAS is 1.8. Here the frequency is uh, five. ROAS is um, Here the frequency is um, let's say it's like three. And ROAS is 1.2. So, what you want to do here this one can go off. If this one is also getting all the spent, so if the situation is uh, something like something like the the this frequency. So, let me actually do it again. So, frequency here. Uh this is like uh six frequency. And then uh this is two, and this is two, whatever, okay. This one here is very risky. Even if the ROAS is higher than two, this is still risky because Meta is spending all the budget into a single ad where the frequency is very high. And the issue most likely in this situation is that you don't have here other ads that are good ad on the unaware stage because otherwise Meta should spend more budget. If not, you need to adjust things manually and you might like split into a different ad set or different campaign. And this is very important, okay? Now, let me go into the details and let's look how to um actually scale your ad account. So, um how you can scale while keeping the efficiency technically. Uh keeping it meaning that keeping it at a good at a good level. So, basically what you want to do, you want to see the budget >> [snorts] >> that goes up and the ROAS that technically stays the same. So, you have the profit. Of course, ROAS is not equal to profit. Just remember that because but it really depends on your business like if you only run Meta ads and you have like 100 followers on Instagram, you don't you like you're not doing anything else, most likely your ROAS is equal to the profit. If you're a bigger business, if you like spending 100K, 200K, 300K, 400K, a million a month, then things change completely. but of course, when you judge inside the platform, the only measure that you can see is the ROAS because like you cannot see the MER, the acquisition MER directly inside the inside the platform. um how to scale your ad account. The thing is you want to read the ad frequency and keep it around two weekly. If you push the frequency too high, it means that you need to change your strategy. So, this is how it goes. Ad account weekly frequency is above four, cool. You need more unaware or problem aware ads. In this case, even if your is good, you do not increase the budget because this will not be incremental. If you have a frequency of four and ROAS at three, increase the budget, the ROAS will drop drastically and instantly. So, the situation is going to be something like, let's say you're spending I don't know, like a thousand a day, like or let's say weekly, a thousand weekly, okay? And you're making uh 3,000, okay? So, you're making a 3x ROAS. What's going to happen here is that if you scale this, let's say you scale it to I don't know, like 1.5 K spent weekly, then you're still going to be making 3,000 or you're going to be most likely making like 3,000 and 100. So, in this case, this case here, you have a ROAS of 1.5. So, ROAS went down. Sorry. My bad. Bad calculation. In this case here, you have a ROAS of around two, 2.something, okay? So, in order for you to avoid this situation in here, what you need to do, rather than increasing your budget just because your ROAS is good but the frequency is high, you need to go here and be like, "Okay, cool. The ad account, I need to bring the ad account weekly frequency to one or two." In this case, by using these ads, which is like launching more, creating more unaware and problem aware ads. And then, once the ad account frequency goes to between one and two, technically around two is good weekly at the ad set level, then um increase the budget by 20%. Actually, not at that level, at the ad level. So, usually what you see here is that the ad set frequency is technically higher than the ad frequency because, let's say, this is someone and he sees one, two, three ads. So, the frequency in this case is three at the ad set level, but at the ad level is like one. Okay? And this is important because this is happening at most likely at the So, what basically happen at the ad level usually also goes pushed at the ad set level. So, if here you have a very high frequency in all the ads, then most likely you can't scale because you most likely have a very high frequency ads at the ad set level or at the campaign level. Okay? um what you need to do here here, if you have an ad account weekly frequency between one and two, technically even like around two works, what you want to do, you want to increase the budget by 20% every one or two days, either like it depend what you're doing. Usually, I like to do CBO and so at the campaign level you want to increase and monitor what is going to happen to the frequency. When the frequency increase three to four, then what you want to do, you want to start creating more unaware or problem aware ads. If the frequency increase to this, you also want to stop increasing the budget. Otherwise, you're going to make the same mistake as here. >> Meaning that your when you increase the budget, the the incremental and so the ROAS just goes down from three to two. And so, just like spend less at this at this point so you're making more profit, right? And this is an example of what you want to do. Like, your goal is to find ads with low weekly frequency at a high spend with ROAS above target. So, basically the situation is this one. Here. You want to find this type of ads that have a frequency very low frequency and technically what you want to see most likely is the spend. So, can spend a lot of money, even like 10k, while keeping a very low frequency of 1.35. And doing this at a very high, above target, incremental attribution ROAS. This is what you want. This one, this one, this one are all good because they're spending a good amount of money compared to the others, okay? And the frequency is technically also low, and so you can scale. Here, if you scale, you're going to see the ROAS might go down, but not too much, but not at the ad level here. You will see that because you always need to judge ROAS at the ad set or the campaign level. So, you're going to see this one might go down a bit, but because this one maybe any of these goes up of this other ad that let's say a higher frequency like this one or this one, okay? This will go up. And so, the overall ad account or ad set campaign ROAS will keep stable all or might even increase sometime. It happen. It's very uh not not common, but it might happen that when you increase the ad spend, the ROAS goes up. It might happen, once you have this, this thing here, what you can do, which is like one last tip, is do a bid cap campaign. And this is very important for you to understand. Like as you can see, this is like the biggest spend, and this is like at the ad set at the ad level. So, this ad here spend a lot of money, spend more money on the bid cap campaign rather than on the highest volume campaign, which I I think is like the second one in here. And uh spend more money, and uh it went even better in terms of incremental ROAS, okay? um what you want to do here, you want to duplicate these winners into a bid cap campaign, and uh you have two options here. You have the safe and risky. The safe option is to pick a bid based on your CPA. The risky option is to pick a bid based on AOV. But this is or you can just duplicate into a standard highest volume campaign, and you want to scale this separately. Just make sure the frequency is low, and the ROAS is is high. So, this is how you keep the performance. Even though my suggestion is just increase the budget at the asset level or the campaign level, and then simultaneously you might also want to have a separate campaign just for very low frequency ad just to push more there the unaware and the scalability of the account. Now, the situation here is that um why I'm saying safe or risky? Because this is like another story, but like um if you overbid compared to what you can spend with good creatives based on how Facebook it does the ads retrieval inside the account, you will win the auction, and so you might win the auction at a very good CPA, much lower than your bid because you have good ad with good engagement. This is like another story. We're going to talk about this another time. >> Um so, you want to have a separate campaign with low frequency ad above target incremental ROAS at least 30 to 50 purchases each before you do this duplication. And again, this can be in highest volume or in either bid cap or cost cap if you like it. I'm not going to talk about these things in this video, otherwise going to be really too long. Um but what is important for you to understand here is that whatever decision you take, you need to take the decision in terms of like looking at the ad set ROAS and the campaign ROAS because this is giving you a more precise actual ROAS in terms of like attribution and in terms of like uh business profit level. Depending again on what is actually working and not working depending on like how much you're spending and everything. And that's it for this video. If you have any questions, feel free to leave a comment. I'll do my best to reply to everyone as usual. Leave a like to this video, subscribe to the channel, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShuaCTR [2 likes]: Hey man, the videos are great and I appreciate the value you give. I’m a video editor and I’d love to help improve the editing side and save you time. I also made a re-edit of one of your videos.
  2. @primozmav6473 [1 likes]: How do you organise a testing campaign with ad sets that contain all awareness stages for the same persona and angle with different concepts? Do you judge a winner on an ad set level? @Antonio
  3. @nazz-ecom: Thank you Antonio for the insane video
  4. @DirkBroek-z7k: is it the goal to create a story behind it or just have as much videos each angle in 1 adset <
  5. @zeeshanzeeshan1149: thanks for this great video. questions is, if one ad takes 90% of the budget and has frequency of 1.2 and very bad cpa, should we turn that ad off and replace it with new or let it run and keep feeding campaign with new tof ads? and in any case, at what time period?
  6. @prosperzegue6735: MERCI BEAUCOUP ❤ THANKS SO MUCH !!!
  7. @NikolaYanev-b6d: Great breakdown, Antonio! Your insights on post-Andromeda delivery are spot on. I have two questions regarding the practical execution of this structure:

1. Regarding the Learning Phase: If we are constantly adding new concepts or turning off underperforming creatives inside that main CBO ad set, doesn't that trigger a significant edit and restart the learning phase for the entire ad set? In your experience, how many days should we wait before introducing new variations to avoid messing up Meta's optimization?

2. ABO vs. CBO for Launching: For a brand new product launch with 1 Campaign and 2 Ad Sets (each containing 6-7 creatives focusing on different angles), wouldn't it be better to start with ABO instead of CBO? That way, we can guarantee an equal budget distribution and give a fair testing chance to both angles, rather than letting Meta heavily bias one over the other from day one. What's your take on this?
  8. @PatrickUnrath: such a great video that shows how everything is connected to each other! Do you turn ads off even if they dont have enough spend?? cause 20 Dollars is not enough to decide :-D
  9. @noebayru2448: Such a valuable video, thank you man!

I have one question: if I run a CBO campaign, won’t Meta end up spending more on MOF and BOF audiences, since those usually drive purchases faster?
  10. @raid4408: thank you :finger-red-number-one:
  11. @yourgreatestpower: Amazing value on your entire channel, Antonio. Thanks so much. I used a battery of your videos as sources to train NotebookLM, to again coach me through your approach - and finally managed to make my funnel profitable! I'm scaling now as we speak.
  12. @TheProjectManagementCoach: But it makes no sense to create ads that are for unaware people … problem aware yes and solution aware … maybe also product and most aware if they lnow your brand. But when you are starting out problem aware and solution aware ads for sure. I am speaking about HT coaching, ecomm would probably be different.

Also technically speaking you would need individual landing pages for each stage since unaware and problem aware need more education vs solution/product/most aware.
  13. @robinrandall4133: Great video! Does this sequencing an option? Or does this happen in every campaign? Do all ad account have the feature?
  14. @rodrigo-nask: Incredible video, man. 
I really enjoy the advanced real life content you bring.

- Mass Effect Andromeda Retrospective - 9 Years Later: Kind: captions Language: en You start this, I'm going to finish it. >> Yeah. >> You or what army? >> I don't need an army. >> I've got a Krogan. Remember when Mass Effect Andromedo released and it got a bunch of hate? some valid, but most of it was a overly exaggerated negative perception of the game. Well, I played Andromeda on day one, and I'll easily say that it wasn't as bad a game as everyone else said it was. But in 2026, long after the patches, the outrage, and the memes, I wanted to know what Andromeda is actually like to play. So now we have this video of my review of playing Mass Effect Andromeda in 2026. But before that, we have to go back to 2017 when Mass Effect Andromeda launched amid unprecedented hype following the original trilogy's critical and commercial success. With pre-release trailers generating millions of views and fan anticipation peaking at E3 2015, the game promised expansive exploration in a new galaxy, self-contained storytelling without depending on the trilogy stories and innovations like openw world planetary traversal. However, it achieved a Metacritic score of around 75 across all platforms, the lowest for a Boware game at the time with sales underperforming expectations amid a crowded March window against Horizon Zero Dawn and Breath of the Wild. to add how crazy a comparison this is. Both of those games are exclusives on PlayStation and Switch consoles respectively on release. But to be fair, EA also expects their games to generate hundreds of millions of dollars in profits. So I I guess if the game is unprofitable, it's a failure to them, which is a fair conclusion. Boware Montreal led development lacking the Edmonton Veterans Trilogy experience leading to inconsistent execution. Frostbite optimized for Battlefield shooters struggled with RPG elements like inventory, party AI, and animations, forcing custom tools amid under staffed teams. Facial animations became infamous memes. Sorry, my face is tired from dealing with everything. >> So, when you're watching cutscenes, you can see that the character's mouths are the only thing moving, which is a trippy experience. It's kind of like watching someone who had a lot of facial surgery done on themselves. Development spanned for several years with a 5-year pre-production that yielded prototype ideas like procedural planets and playercontrolled space flight. but ended up being scrapped late for feasibility, leading to the compression of the core gameplay being developed and built within the span of 18 months, which explained the day one EA Access preview issues that exposed animations bugs and lack of cohesion with the dialogues. The original Mass Effect trilogy set benchmarks for narrative depth and companion relationships, fostering expectations Andromeda didn't match. Boware positioned Ryder as a new hero akin to Shepherd, but without the continuation of the lore from the previous games, leading to a lack of emotional investment. Pre-launch hype emphasized exploration returning to Mass Effects 1's roots. Yet, we ended up with repetitive fetch quests and procedurally generated remnants that felt hollow. Andromeda was fighting an uphill battle from the start with carrying the history of the trilogy games as a comparison, game development struggles, scope crunch, and a launch that was too soon for the game. I will say though that the combat system was a significant evolution from the original games. Introducing jetpack mobility, which is one of those things I love the most in games these days, that enabled dynamic movement. This design shift created multi-level battlefields where players hover for elevated shots or escape threats, contrasting Mass Effect 3's primary horizontal cover shooter focus profiles replace rigid classes, allowing skill point allocation across combat, biotic, and tech trees to unlock flexible bonuses like enhanced recharge speeds or combo damage. Fostering build experimentation without identity loss. Gunplay feels tactical with responsive recoil, destructive cover, and weightbased handling, surpassing Mass Effect 3's mechanics through faster pacing and aerial integration. Andromeda might be one of the best sci-fi RPG Boware has ever made, released at the time at least, and it easily has the best combat experience in the series. The open world in Mass Effect Andromeda allowed players to explore across multiple planets in the Helios cluster, marking a significant departure from the original trilogies more linear hub-based planetary visits. You get to navigate vast planetary surfaces using the Nomad vehicle, discovering points of interest, scanning resources, and raising planetary livability through activities like remnant vaults. This design emphasizes a sense of scale with environments leveraging frostbite engineing for lush realistic visuals. The open world in this game, it looks beautiful and it kind of fits the whole narrative of exploring undiscovered planets. It's so lorewise, it makes sense why the planets feel empty. But for a gameplay experience, it is a noticing issue. My biggest issue with openw world games, especially the so-called AAA games, are the MMO style fetch quests, scanning materials, destroying devices, and just killing enemies. Unlike the trilogy's meaningful side quests, Andromeda pads 70 hours with lowreward tasks. Because open world features seem like something they do to say the game is open world, but they don't actually bother to make it worth exploring. Open world in this game is just scale without density. Unlike the original trilogy's epic Reaper war, Andromeda emphasized exploration, base building, and personal growth amidst survival challenges. Characters drive much of the narrative appeal with companions providing emotional depth through loyalty missions and banter, though the main plot draws criticism for its underdeveloped antagonist. Dialogue often lands awkwardly, contributing to Mick's reaction. Yet, standout squadmates like Dra and Vetra aren't as bad. They're the positive dialogue in this game. I personally have no issue with the direction they took with the story because they introduced new characters and personalities to the series. However, the pacing becomes an issue if your game is 70% exploration and base management. Then you realize after 40 hours of gameplay that the story is just character introductions, which would be a season 1 of a series with the expectations of follow-up seasons to expand on the world. And maybe there was more to be had with the tease of a multiecies vessel carrying various species, but was delayed in its journey to Helas. This narrative hook referencing early game dialogue with data mine files revealed planned elements like Arc Interiors, Quarryan squadmates, and loyalty missions tying to rescuing the delayed ark. However, in August of 2017, Boware announced that they were releasing their final patch for the single player update, which confirmed there was no story DLC, redirecting narrative closure to novels like Mass Effect Andromeda Annihilation. This cancellation amid studio restructuring at Boware Montreal amplified perceptions of Andromeda as a unfinished product, leading to Andromeda's narrative being incomplete with multiple threads primed for the possible DLC. There was so much unresolved story in Andromeda that it is easy to understand that people would assume it was a rushed and unfinished product that EA didn't really care to send out as polished as possible and wanted to milk the Mass Effect IP for whatever they could. So, after playing Mass Effect Andromeda in 2026, if you're a Mass Effect purist expecting narrative depth akin to the Shepherd Saga, it's worth just skipping Andromeda because it prioritizes exploration over the trilogy level of character arcs. Ryder as a protagonist lacks the emotional weight of Shepherd with Squad Loyalty missions feeling shallower than ever. But if you're an RPG enthusiast, you could enjoy Andromeda's openw world galaxy that featured six explorable planets with dynamic weather and the character customization is pretty good. So that that's a positive. So, if you want to play Mass Effect Andromeda in 2026, it is a solid game if you just want to play it in isolation from the trilogy because unfortunately it suffers from the biggest mistake of coming out too early and never got the chance to actually grow. But let me know in the comments what you think about Mass Effect Andromeda. And if you enjoyed this video and want to see me continue to work on this stuff, please be sure to like and subscribe. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @InspirationNoel [3 likes]: I really like Andromeda. I didn't at first, because I played it right after playing the original trilogy. But I revisited it last year and it was not bad at all. If the game was just called Andromeda, it probably won't have as much hate. But put Mass Effect in the title and that is a lot to live up to. 

I did not know about the book, will be ordering that.
  2. @saint-g7449 [3 likes]: This game is bad but its more enjoyable than the veilguard 😂😂
  3. @zooropa04 [2 likes]: I'm playing for the first time now and I absolutely love the exploration aspect of this game. The leisurely scenes of traveling through space are full of wonder. But you're completely right -- I'm 45 hours in and I'm kinda ready for the story pace to start accelerating.
  4. @bleachedtiedye [1 likes]: Been a long time since ive played i mean its not good by anymeans  but it is a little overhated, still cant compete to its predecessors
  5. @INKf3KT: zzzzz

- Why Meta Is the Best Ad Platform on the Planet in 2026 Part 2: Kind: captions Language: en why Meta is the best advertising platform on the planet in 2026. When I say the Andromeda update is as big as when ads went [music] in the newsfeed, people are like, "What are you talking about?" And how did they get there from the advertising standpoint? Not a lot of people know this that Hello and welcome to the Perpetual Traffic Podcast. This is your host Ralph Burns, founder and CEO of Tier 11, alongside my amazing at home co-host >> Lauren E. Patrillo, the founder of Mongoose Media. >> So glad you joined us here today. And man, your voice sounds great today. You must have a new microphone. >> Does it? Look at the color of this microphone. >> Whoa. Gentlemen, you got to get over to perpetual.com/youtube just to see Lauren's cool new purple mic. >> Pink mic? How dare you? >> Well, it kind of looks purple. Is it more fuchsia to me? I think >> you know what? What a boyzer. Anything [laughter] that's like pinky purpley I say is fuchsia. Uh anyway, yeah. So, besides hobnobbing with politicians and hanging out at state capitals, uh you have been doing like a lot of digital marketing these days. Probably on the Meta platform is my guess. >> Who knows? Just a chill big ass number. I could say it out loud, but it's really intimidating when I said it out loud last time and I was like, >> "Yeah, >> there's a lot going on right now." And the reason why we're doing this, I don't even know it's going to be three-part series. I keep saying it's a three-part series, but it might actually be longer cuz the history of Meta is a pretty big history. We're going to skip over some of the more minor parts. This is a continuation of part one where we talked about the fact that Meta has more influence than the Roman Empire. and also the the British Empire almost combined. Well, just about the same as the British Empire, which is crazy to think. And if you missed that episode, we're going to leave links in the show notes for that. Uh why Meta is the best advertising platform on the planet in 2026. But today, we're going to get into the advertising portion. Before we said yes, this is a really big platform. If you are selling online, if you're a VP of marketing, if you're a CEO, if you're a CMO, I don't care what you sell. I've been on three or four different prospect calls this week. Some are B2B, some are B TOC. Like, you know, everyone is on this platform. So much so that it covers what did we say? 58 of the entire planet last time. So, the point >> could have just been like 67. >> Yeah. 67. 67. My favorite number by the way. I know that's like a thing now. 6 >> 69 is my favorite number. So >> So you hear that? Yeah. What a burger is now like banning 67 and 69 for like when you order your burger like and they yell it out cuz like the hotel elevator. >> Exactly. It's the same sort of thing. So that's that's what's happening now. I disagree. Some of the best In-N-Out content has been watching like the consumers go wild when they're like, "Order number 68, order 65, order 67." Like that's just great brand exposure. >> It's In-N-Out Burger. Absolutely. I'm sorry about that. I said I said Burger. I've been to In-N-Out Burger once. I've never been to Burger. So, we don't have any. >> You went in and out. >> I went in and out and I was like, "Ah, it's all right." Like I posted on Instagram. I'm like, "Yeah, it's pretty good." Anyway, probably pissed off like, you know, 90% of our California audience today. This is a California company if you didn't know. It's in Silicon Valley. Hint hint. And they're pretty big right now. So, but how did they get there? And how did they get there from the advertising standpoint? Not a lot of people know this. is that we're going to sort of breeze past the origination story with Zuck and his co-founders. And you know what were the guys? It was Dustin Moscowitz. It was Eduardo Sverin. The social network does a pretty good job the movie of showing this whole thing. We're going to skip past that part because there's no advertising yet. Although I believe it was Eduardo was in charge of advertising and failed miserably at it even though he was ousted later on and he's now a like a gazillionaire. So don't feel too badly for him. But what Zuck really wanted to do and I think this is throughout the history of Meta and Facebook is that he really underscored the importance of the user experience and the user experience to unite people to unite the world on a singular platform. This is the thing that's been consistent with him. Say what you want about Zuckerberg. The point is he's been very consistent with that throughout his entire time at Facebook. you know, he turned down billions of dollars in offers from other companies and kept going on this thing, now turned it into Meta. >> But one of the original advertising parts to them was a deal that they did with Microsoft. Are you aware of this? In 2006, >> what? Well, I definitely wouldn't. I I couldn't work then. So, you >> 2006, you were like junior high school. But anyway, no. Were you in high school? [snorts] They actually domestically they outsourced their advertising. They finally said, I believe it was Saver who finally said like, let's just strike a deal with somebody and sell the eyeballs on the platform. And so they struck a deal with Microsoft in 2006. And after rejecting a $1 billion bid by Yahoo >> to actually take over the company, they did a strategic partnership with Microsoft. And still to this day, Zuck and Bill Gates are very cozy, very friendly, and uh he was also very friendly with Steve Jobs, believe it or not. They're very, very similar personalitywise. But anyway, enough of that analysis. The key is is like that was their first deal after they invented the news feed in the very same year. It's almost like they they started the newsfeed which today we sort of take for granted >> but then they actually did the Microsoft deal in the like within weeks of each other >> and all the things we now take for granted that started way back in 2006. Is that kind of a mindblower if you sort of go back and do the research here? Like that's how it all started. I'm almost like wondering like because OpenAI's relationship like their their f one of their first early on deals was like with Reddit and so I wonder if the same team from Microsoft was like hey let's go after these social platforms or like where they structure these type of relationship deals being open AI is a subsidiary of Microsoft well they would have been oh no it was like two years anyways it just it's really interesting how Microsoft oft has positioned themselves in this and in other really big advertising deals quietly. I mean, and maybe maybe it was loud. Just I never heard about it, but also it wasn't. >> I actually didn't know. I was doing research prior to this show. And by the way, there's um props to uh another podcast that I listened to quite a bit actually called acquired. It's the acquired podcast. They do a much more detailed breakdown of meta. If you want to go even deeper down the rabbit hole, they do like a three-hour show, 4hour show on this after interviewing Zuckerberg. So, uh, a great podcast. We'll leave links in the show notes for that. It's called The Acquired Podcast. Um, little bit nerdy, little bit like too detailed for me. They're both two programmers who are, uh, definitely not marketers. Uh, but if you're our marketer and you love to nerd out and this sort of stuff, it's a great great show for that. Anyway, the point is this is that that deal actually enabled Meta to reject this bid by Yahoo for a billion dollars because they finally said, "Okay, we have a way to monetize the platform. We've got this deal where we're going to actually sort of white label or enable ads, you know, through Microsoft through the Microsoft, which wasn't even like Bing. There was no Microsoft network of advertising. they just had all these users and they started to license it through Meta or Facebook at that particular point in time. So, uh, very interesting. That's way back in 2006. So, that's when monetization really started. I was not on Meta until years after that, but I didn't realize that that's actually the sort of the evolution of it. The next thing that they did is, and this is one of their biggest mistakes, and and if you go back and you do a Google search for Facebook mistakes or Facebook failed projects, it's like the list is so long of things that they've done. And one of the biggest things that they did that just really pissed off users is they did this thing called Beacon. >> And this was in 2007. And so what this did is it broadcasted user purchases through the platform through the Microsoft. So anybody who bought something through an ad, it would then be broadcast to force social engagement with people's followers and people's friends. >> Oh my gosh. So you would have receipts. >> So they made like these Yeah. It would show like if you went out and bought something that you didn't want the public to >> Oh my gosh. Hello world. It would automatically appear in your profile. >> Yeah. Whatever it So, yeah. So, they wanted to >> or imagine like a pregnancy test if you're a a military wife and your partner's overseas and you buy a pregnancy test. >> Can you imagine like >> the the failures and mistakes. We'll leave a link in the show notes about this, but um failures and mistakes by Meta and how they've been able to just overcome it just because they they they move fast and they break things. And that was sort of the that was the mantra back then. It is not the case now. They're a little bit more logical. Zuckerberg thinks things through a little bit less less of that hacker mentality. Um you know, even though Meta is still on what is it, one hacker way. Have you ever been to the meta? Yeah, I have. >> Yeah. Home office. Yeah. It's actually on the other side of the sign for Meta. It's actually the old sign for Sun Micro Systemystems. >> Oh, is it? I >> Yeah, >> cuz I was like I have my picture from 12 years ago when I did a thumbs up down in front of the Facebook thumbs up headquarter sign. >> Yeah. >> I don't Man, I remember going it. It's cool that they had a nod to their old home, but either way, yeah. Yeah, they're on one hacker way. It's a >> huge It's absolutely massive. It's like airplane hanger size buildings there. It's absolutely crazy. Uh but anyway, so I'll if I can I'll dig up a picture. Let's throw it in the show notes that where I actually take a selfie in front of the the now Meta sign, but in the back is actually the Sun Micros Systemystems sign, which is >> a company that's now defunct, but did actually have its >> have quite a run in the 90s into the early 2000s. Anyway, so just those two things right there, just like an example of one of their big mistakes, but relating it back to advertising. So, they really struggled with the advertising model to start. They had no idea. And this is this is total Zuck. It's like, all right, we've got all these eyeballs. We've got at that point hundreds of millions of users, but how do we monetize it? >> And the partnership with Microsoft was the first step. The next step was remember the right-hand rail ads. Those happened shortly thereafter in and around sort of 2007, 2008, 2009. And that's when I actually started to advertise in 200 late 2008 late 200 or early 2009 >> doing affiliate marketing and it was only desktop. Keep in mind no mobile yet >> no mobile Facebook >> but it was the right-hand rail ads. Do you remember those? Like there >> I I assume it's like you had like it I was I remember when I was on Facebook desktop and you had the birthdays on the right hand side. >> So this is an actual picture. You can see here, this is what the ads used to look like. They were this sort of odd size and they would just sort of hover on the right hand side on desktop. >> Okay. >> Yeah. And so this is what we used to buy. I mean, these were the types of ads all the time. >> And it would fit when you scrolled. >> It would fit when you scrolled. Yeah. So it sort of hung there. So picture like this scrolling here. And those just kind of stay static on the top. And then oftentimes they would layer them, maybe two or three of them. And this was the sort of the Cheryl Sandberg effect. She started, she came in in around this time and this is how they were able to wean themselves off Microsoft, start their own native platform. But remember, this was all desktop at this time. And the the targeting was really sort of rudimentary. It was where people lived, what their gender was. It was male, female. Was that was the only It wasn't anything else. And then who they were interested in, male or female, or it's complicated. And then last but not least, marital status, >> which is either married, single, or I believe it's complicated was the third one. And where you lived, what your age was, and that was it. That's all the targeting that you actually had. And that's before ads went into the news feed. And that's when things really started to take off, which is in, you know, 2013, 2012. That's when things really started to to accelerate for Meta. And one of the important parts to this is that they realized that in their I think it was their 2012 IPO filing when they actually had to went for their IPO, they actually submitted the fact that all of their average revenue per user was on desktop and literally none of it was coming from mobile. Even though mobile with you like the adoption of the iPhone, all of everything sort of shooting towards mobile, they realized they basically didn't have a mobile advertising solution. >> And that's the reason why we now have ads in the news feed because those right-hand rail ads obviously won't work in an app in the blue app on your iPhone or on your, you know, your Android device. And that's why we now have ads in the newsfeed. I don't know if people realize that evolution. We sort of take all of this. >> You didn't always have ads in mobile. Like I'm I mean again for me it's like Instagram and Facebook has been one and the same and like Instagram has always been a mobile app. Then they made desktop and then they finally made a better version for the tablet like this year under Adam Mazer's direction. But it's like weird thinking that you didn't have mobile ads on meta. Like I believe it. I just I didn't start advertising on Facebook until 2014 2015. And so >> yeah, >> in that capacity it makes sense. I just I'm still like wow that was I mean I I've been doing this for 10 years. >> Yeah. Yeah. But >> and so before that and it's like I remember like all the targeting options that are available. So when you're saying that you had such a limited number of targeting to then when it was like wide open and you could target people's Facebook groups, you could target very specific interests. I remember in 2017 getting a book allegedly that had printed every single like available liker interest that's inside of the meta ecosystem. Like you would like research it and I remember like learning from Molly Pitman and something like how like you would like find out different ways and and trying to find interest because it was so ad set heavy. >> And then I remember like seeing this book. It was like a printed like book of Congress kind of situation and uh how extensive it was and then >> and that's how you targeted, right? >> Well, what what people liked was the targeting initially on the ad platform. But then it became far more than that. And then in 2013, this is after this shift towards mobile. I know you know this is probably just a little bit before your time when you first started advertising on the platform >> is that this shift towards mobile was the thing and they were really kind of caught with their with their pants down so to speak. So much so that the stock absolutely cratered when analysts read that wait a second everything's going towards mobile but Meta or Facebook at that time doesn't even have a mobile advertising solution >> people were just like dumping the stock like this is the end of Facebook. I don't think I don't think people realize how drastic that was. And oh, by the way, right after they they announced they were going public, they're in what's referred to as a quiet period, like right prior to your IPO where you can't make any, you know, big news announcements. You can't because it would alter the stock, like all this sort of stuff. And oh, by the way, >> they they bought this little company called Instagram during the quiet period of their Can you imagine the balls of of of Zuckerberg and doing this? It's like he's absolutely insane, but insane in kind of a good way. So, yeah. Have you there's a book I read I can't remember which one it was um but there was a book that I had that uh talked about that deal and how Twitter was actually like well yeah Twitter now um no ex now Twitter then had been like presenting a really strong deal. So I feel like this would be a really good point. I'm going to pull open that last book and grab it that I had before and then I feel like for the next one we can do like the Instagram era. So like we did the desktop era and like going over what meta went through to now where we're in a mobile era and uh leading up to the most important aspect is like where are we now and how like if if you think about if you're listening to this and you're like wow that was so weird there's a desktop era now we're going to talk about the mobile era just know that what Ralph is leading up to is lead is 10 times bigger than this jump that we're talking Right. It's the reason why we're doing this because I think you know when I talk about this and I know today's sort of a shorter show but when I say the Andromeda update is as big as when ads went in the newsfeed people are like what are you talking about? >> I mean when advertising went into the newsfeed and all of a sudden we had this incredible target. remember the targeting that was in there. Like the big data companies, you had insane levels of targeting. Like the targeting major ads, like you could put anything in front of people, but the targeting was so damn good. Now it's the exact opposite with Andromeda. That Andromeda update for the vast majority of our clients are wide open targeting with some age targeting and some, you know, geographic targeting, but literally it's the ads themselves and the creative themselves that creates the targeting. So, I think it's important to know where we're at right now to understand where we've been when it comes to meta. And we'll continue this conversation with more Instagram and more mobile stuff and more meta knowledge bombs on part three, which hopefully we can finish up in record time here. But anything to add before we sign off on why Meta is the best advertising platform on the planet in 2026? It's so much more epic of what's coming and I'm just like we're we're barely barely touching the surface and I'm like I'm really excited. So hang tight so you understand how dramatically different it's about to be. >> Yeah. We haven't even talked about deep neural networks. We haven't talked about AI. We haven't talked about a haven't talked about this other thing called WhatsApp which they haven't even monetized yet. There's so many different things that we'll be discussing on part three of perpetual traffic here sort of as your year end wrap up with some knowledge about why you should be adopting the meta platform in 2026. So, of course, everything that we mentioned here will be uh in the show notes over at perpetual.com. Of course, watch us on our YouTube channel, perpetual.comyoutube. And as always, wherever you listen to podcast, we appreciate a rating and review. Gets us out to a wider audience. teach people how to do this stuff the right way through metrics that matter and growth that scales. So on behalf of my amazing co-host Lauren Erulo. >> Ciao. >> Till next show. [music] See you.

- Going Viral in 2026 Is Not Luck — It’s Science | Europe vs India Case Study, Andromeda & GEM AI: Kind: captions Language: en Last year there was this uh this promotional video for Hilton Hotels that hit the internet. >> Oh, right. The one with um Deep Pikapaticone. >> Exactly. The DPA Patakon video. And I mean within just a matter of weeks, it didn't just go viral. It completely like shattered the ceiling of what we thought was even mathematically possible on a social platform. >> Yeah. The numbers were just absurd. >> It hit 1.9 billion views. >> Just wild. >> I mean 1.9 billion. We literally talking about, you know, a quarter of the human population watching a single piece of short form video. >> It's hard to even wrap your head around that scale, >> right? And here's the kicker. It wasn't some uh some CGI heavy massive Super Bowl level cinematic masterpiece. >> No, >> it felt incredibly native, you know, like it felt conversational and it completely outperformed these massive western ad campaigns that honestly cost probably 10 times as much to produce. Oh, it absolutely leveled them. I mean, it left every marketing executive and honestly every content creator in the world just staring at their screens asking the exact same question, which was basically, uh, what just happened? >> Exactly. Because, you know, if you're stepping into the reality of scrolling through social media in 2026, the contrast is just jarring. >> It really is. You have these massive record-breaking anomalies like that on one side and then on the other side for, you know, everyday creators and brands, there's just this shared agonizing frustration because the old rules of getting noticed online are completely dead. >> Yeah, they really are. I mean, think about three years ago, right? You could put a a decent piece of content out there, you use the right hashtags, hit the right, you know, posting window. >> Yeah. The golden hour or whatever, >> right? Exactly. And you'd predictably get a hit of public engagement. But now you post something, you spend a week editing, and it honestly feels like you're just screaming into a vacuum. >> Totally. The machine just like stares blankly back at you. >> Yeah. >> Which leads to this pervasive feeling of um sudden invisibility. I hear this all the time. People are looking at their plummeting public like counts and they're assuming their audience has abandoned them or that the algorithm is, you know, actively punishing them. >> But neither of those things is actually true, right? No, not at all. >> And that is exactly what we are unpacking today. So, welcome to this deep dive. Today, we are cracking open the hood on 2026 social media. >> Yeah, we've got a lot to cover. >> We really do. We've gone through this massive stack of leaked engineering documents, recent architectural blueprints from Meta's development teams, deep dive psychological behavioral analyses, and uh global market trend data. >> The whole stack. >> The whole stack. And our mission here is singular. We want to decode exactly how the modern AI ecosystem actually works right now. >> Why it fundamentally changed and how you whether you're running a massive brand or you know building a solo community how you can leverage this entirely new machinery >> because the system hasn't stopped working. It has just fundamentally changed what it values and I think more importantly how it evaluates that value. We've essentially shifted from a transactional model to a behavioral one. >> So here's the blueprint for where we're heading over the next hour or so. First, we're going to expose the hidden AI architecture that's actively running the platform. Specifically, these two massive systems called Andromeda and GM. >> Yeah. The overlords. >> The AI overlords. Exactly. And we're going to break down why the very concept of targeting has basically flipped upside down. Then we'll explore why the definition of engagement has completely abandoned the public square and retreated into the private world of direct messages. >> The private shift is so huge. >> It's massive. and we're going to dissect the brutal psychology of the 3- second rule and why human speech is suddenly outperforming, you know, trending music >> which nobody saw coming, >> right? Then we'll examine the absolute dominance of uh what they call lowfi authentic content and the psychological frameworks behind it. And finally, we're going to circle back to that deepone video to understand why the massive Indian market and the rise of English are quite literally writing the training data for the global algorithm. It's a really complex, beautiful, and honestly sometimes terrifying intersection of raw computational power and intimate human psychology. >> Okay, let's unpack this >> because I feel like we need to start by just grounding ourselves in the sheer scale of the landscape. Right now, across Instagram and Facebook, there are over 200 billion reels played daily. >> 200 billion. >> 200 billion. That number is so large it almost loses meaning. >> Yeah, it's astronomical. I mean half of all the time spent on Instagram is now dedicated entirely to short form video. So before we can even begin to strategize about you know what kind of content you should be making we have to deeply understand the machine that is deciding who sees those 200 billion videos >> and that is the most critical starting point. I think too many people are trying to apply 2023 marketing logic to a 2026 infrastructure. Yeah, totally. >> The algorithm you thought you understood is dead. Like we are no longer in the era of audience segmentation. We are officially in the era of algorithmic retrieval, >> right? Algorithmic retrieval. And to understand retrieval, we have to meet the new AI overlords. >> Let's talk about Andromeda. >> Let's do it. >> Because Meta started deploying this completely overhauled infrastructure in late 2024, and by 2025, it had completely taken over the ecosystem. But I want to push back on something right away though because when I was going through the engineering data, there was this massive emphasis on hardware. >> Oh yeah, the server chips. >> Exactly. Pages and pages about Nvidia GH200 Gracehopper super chips and META's custom MTIA silicon. I'm just sitting there like why do we care about the server racks? How does the hardware actually impact the person sitting at home trying to just you know get their video seen? It's a great question actually and the answer is that the hardware dictates what is literally possible for the software to perceive. >> Okay, >> so think about it like this. In the old days, say I don't know 5 years ago, how did a platform know who to show an ad to? >> You just picked them in a menu, right? >> Exactly. It relied on textbased database querying. You as the advertiser would go into a dashboard and say, "Find me women aged 25 to 45 living in Atlanta who have expressed an interest in yoga." >> Right? >> The computer just ran a simple search query through a text database. It was cheap. It required very little computing power and it was highly linear. >> So it was essentially just matching tags like I don't know looking up a book in a library index. >> Precisely just matching text. But then obviously short form video took over the world. And you can't just search a video using simple text queries and get a nuanced result. You need the AI to actually watch the video. >> Right. Because the text description doesn't really tell you what the vibe of the video is. >> Exactly. And not just watch it, but understand the context, the emotional tone, the micro expressions on the creator's face, the pacing of the cuts, the color palette. And doing that in milliseconds for 200 billion videos a day requires a level of computational horsepower that old servers simply could not handle. >> So that's where the GraceHopper super chips come in. >> Exactly. This new hardware allowed Meta to increase their model capacity by 10,000 times. >> 10,000? Not 10 times. >> 10,000. Yeah. It was a staggering almost civilization level leap in processing power. And what this power allowed Meta to build is Andromeda, which is this AIdriven, highly personalized retrieval engine. >> And this is where the entire concept of targeting flips on its head. Honestly, this was my biggest aha moment in the research because of that 10,000x increase in power. Andromeda doesn't look at the audience first anymore. It looks at the content first. >> It has to because Andromeda understands that demographic targeting is actually incredibly flawed. >> How so? Well, just because two people are 35year-old women in Atlanta doesn't mean they want to watch the exact same video at 9:00 p.m. on a Tuesday. I mean, human desire is fluid. So, instead of looking for demographics, Andromeda scans the creative DNA of your video. >> The creative DNA. >> Yeah. It uses computer vision to extract thousands of features, the lighting, the syntax of the speech, the aesthetic vibe. It's maps all of this into what they call a highdimensional vector space. >> Okay. So, wait, that means my content is the targeting. Yes, exactly. Your creative identity, your camera angles, your visual patterns, that is the targeting. Now, Andromeda extracts the semantic meaning of your video. And then in literally fractions of a second, it scans billions of users to find the exact individuals whose behavioral patterns from, say, the last 20 minutes indicate they are primed for that specific emotional or educational frequency. >> Wow. It completely ignores whether they're a 20-year-old college student in Tokyo or a 60-year-old retired mechanic in Ohio. If their behavioral vector matches your video's creative vector, Andromeda retrieves your content and serves it to them. >> That I mean, that fundamentally changes the job of a marketer or a creator. You aren't buying audiences anymore. You are engineering signals. >> Perfectly said. >> But Andromeda isn't working alone, right? Sitting above this retrieval engine is a system called GM, the generative ads model. And the engineering documentation refers to GM as an LLM inspired central brain. But I'll be honest, this tripped me up initially. >> The LLM part. >> Yeah, because LLM stands for large language model. It's what powers things like chat GPT. So, how does a language model apply to a visual platform like Instagram? >> Yeah, it requires a bit of a paradigm shift in how we think about language because we usually think of language as words, right? Nouns, verbs, sentences. But an LLM at its absolute core is just an incredibly powerful sequence predictor. It looks at a string of data and predicts what comes next with terrifying accuracy. Meta realized that human behavior on a social app is also just a sequence. >> Oh, interesting. >> Right? Like if you watch a real about coffee for 4 seconds, then you scroll past a political post in half a second, you like a photo of a dog, you send a meme to a friend in a DM, that is a sequence of actions. >> So GM is treating my behavior like a sentence and basically trying to predict the next word. Exactly. GM looks at the vast chaotic ocean of human interaction across the entire meta ecosystem, ads, organic content, reels, stories, threads, and it identifies these massive complex behavioral patterns. It predicts what people are going to do next before they even know they want to do it. >> That's a little scary, honestly. >> It is. But here's the catch. GM is so massively complex that it is too slow and too expensive to make the split-second decisions for every single individual video swipe. >> Right? Because you can't have the biggest brain in the world micromanaging 200 billion daily decisions. It would just crash the system, >> right? Which brings us to the concept of knowledge distillation. This is how GM actually influences what you see. >> Okay, let's make this concrete because knowledge distillation can sound incredibly abstract to people who aren't software engineers. So, I love the Disney analogy from the sources. >> Yes, that's a perfect way to explain it. >> So, think of it like this. Imagine GM is the world's most brilliant professor who has spent 20 years writing a dense 1,000page textbook on human psychology and behavioral economics. GM understands everything. But Andromeda, the system actually serving the videos, is like a student who only has 3 seconds to take a test. >> Right. Andromeda doesn't have time to read the 10,000page textbook. >> Exactly. So GM's job is to read the textbook and distill all of that massive complex knowledge into a flawless one-page cheat sheet. And it hands that cheat sheet to Andromeda. >> The smaller faster models. GE is the teacher and Andromeda is the active student applying the lessons in real time. >> And that's why they saw such a huge bump in performance. Right. >> Oh yeah. M this distillation process is why Meta saw a 5% increase in global conversion rates almost overnight and why the whole system became four times more efficient at predicting what users actually wanted to see. >> But there is a missing link here I think because if GM is the teacher and Andromeda is the student taking the test who was writing the curriculum like how does the system ensure that what you do on Facebook feed informs what you see on Instagram reels because for a long time those were entirely separate silos. They really were. And that was a massive vulnerability for Meta in the past. If you engaged with a brand on Instagram, the Facebook ad algorithm often had no idea. But they solved this with a new infrastructure layer called Lattis. >> Right. Lattice is the great unifier. >> Exactly. Lattice is the unified decision-making architecture that sits beneath all of this. It ensures that the ecosystem learns together. It allows the signals from a user watching a reel to seamlessly flow over and inform how an ad is served on Facebook or how a story is ranked. It breaks down the internal walls so the AI has this holistic 360°ree view of the user. >> And we really can't talk about this architecture without bringing up the ultimate reality check built into the system which is UTIS. >> Yes, the user chew interest survey. Because for years, algorithms relied solely on passive signals. Like if I stopped scrolling and watched a video for 15 seconds, the algorithm just assumed, "Oh, he loves this. Show him more." But that is deeply flawed >> It's what we call the train wreck fallacy. >> Exactly. The train wreck fallacy. If I'm driving down the highway and I see a horrific car crash, I am going to slow down and stare. I might stare for a long time. It captures my attention entirely, >> but that absolutely does not mean I want my daily commute to be filled with car crashes. Yeah, attention does not equal satisfaction, >> right? And that realization was a huge watershed moment for the engineering teams because they realized that optimizing purely for watch time was creating these toxic clickbait heavy feeds that honestly just burned users out. >> Totally. >> Passive signals are noisy. Like you might leave a video playing while you look away to take a sip of coffee. So they introduced UTS. It is literally a popup that interrupts the user and says, "On a scale of one to five, how much did you value this specific post?" >> It's literally a test screening. Like when a movie studio brings in a live audience to watch a rough cut of a film and fill out comment cards. >> Yes, UTS provides explicit ground truth feedback. When a user explicitly rates a video a five, that data is fed straight back into GEM. GM looks at the creative DNA of that highly rated video, cross references it with the behavioral sequence of the user, and updates its predictive models. >> So, it's constantly self-correcting. >> Exactly. UTS calibrates the entire multi-billion dollar machine to ensure it's actually delivering human satisfaction, not just harvesting cheap attention. So if we pull back and look at this entire AI stack, right, we've got Andromeda retrieving the content, GM predicting the behavior, Lattis unifying the data, and UTS calibrating the satisfaction. What does this actually mean for you, the listener? If I am a brand trying to sell a product or a creator trying to build an audience, how do I actually operate inside this machine? >> The absolute biggest takeaway is that you have to abandon the idea of hyperspecific audience control and embrace creative diversity. You have to feed the AI a buffet of signals. Break that down for me. What happens if I don't? Like what if I run an ad campaign the oldfashioned way where I make one really slick commercial. I format it into a square, a vertical, and a horizontal video, and I just pump money into it. >> If you do that, you are starving Andromeda. >> Starving it. >> Yes. Because Andromeda groups visually and semantically similar content under a single entity ID. If you give it 30 videos that all have the exact same studio lighting, the same script, and the same aesthetic, Andromeda scans them, realizes they are semantically identical, and assigns them all the exact same entity ID. >> Oh, wow. >> So, you basically just bought 30 lottery tickets with the exact same numbers, Andromeda will try to find an audience for that one specific vibe, and if it fails, your campaign just dies. But if I diversify, >> if you diversify, right? If you give the system one highly polished studio shot, one chaotic behindthe-scenes video shot on an iPhone, a textheavy educational carousel, and maybe a humorous meme. Andromeda spans those and creates completely different entity IDs for each one. >> Ah, I see. >> You are giving the AI multiple distinct hooks into the global audience. It might take the studio shot and retrieve it for high-income earners browsing at night while taking the low-fi iPhone video and serving it to younger demographics during their morning commute. You have to give the machine the raw materials it needs to map the entire vector space of your potential market. >> Okay, so we've established that this incredibly powerful AI is constantly scanning our contents DNA to match it with user signals. We know Andromeda and GM are hungry for data, but that immediately begs the next crucial question. >> What specific human actions do these systems actually care about? >> Because we started this conversation talking about how public likes are plummeting, the vending machine is broken, you put a post in, you don't get a like out. >> And the data absolutely confirms what everyone is feeling. Reports from analytics firms like Buffer and Social Insider over the last two years are unequivocal. surface level engagement, meaning public likes, public comments, and public shares to feeds, has dropped precipitously across almost every major platform. >> So, I have to ask the cynical question here. Is it just over? Has the attention economy reached such a point of saturation that people are simply numb? Are we all just, you know, mindlessly zombie scrolling without actually caring about anything we see? Because if the likes are gone, the natural assumption is that the audience just doesn't care anymore. It is the natural assumption for sure, but it is entirely incorrect. The interest hasn't disappeared. It has migrated. It has evolved. We have to look at the psychological environment of a public feed in 2026. >> What do you mean by that? >> Well, the feeds have become heavily commercialized. They are optimized by AI. They are performative. Every public action you take, a like, a comment, is tracked. It's broadcast to your network and it's used to build an advertising profile on you. >> Right. Everyone can see what you like. >> Exactly. And when the public square feels that transactional, hypermon monitored, and frankly saturated with polished brands, users do what humans have always done throughout history. When a space becomes too crowded, >> they retreat to where it's safe. >> Exactly. They retreat to the safety of private spaces. And in the context of the modern internet, that means direct messages, DMs, group chats. The algorithm developers at Meta saw this shift happening and they completely re-engineered Andromeda to prioritize what we call private engagement and satisfaction metrics. >> The scale of this private shift is just staggering. When you look at the internal data, Meta revealed that reels are re-shared via DMs over 4.5 billion times per day. >> 4.5 billion. It's crazy. >> 4.5 billion. means every single day the equivalent of half the planet's population is watching a video, tapping that little paper airplane icon, and privately sending it to someone else. >> And we really need to unpack the profound psychological weight of that action. Why does Andromeda care so much about a DM share? Because a DM is fundamentally an act of parasocial intimacy. >> Parasocial intimacy. I love that framing. Explain how the AI interprets that. >> Think about the friction involved. A public like is incredibly cheap. You can double tap a photo without even breaking your scrolling rhythm. It requires zero emotional investment, >> right? You just tap tap and keep moving. >> But when you share a real in a DM, you are taking a deliberate action. You are deciding that a piece of content is so valuable or so hilarious or so deeply relatable to a specific relationship in your life that you are willing to interrupt your friend's day to show it to them. >> Yeah, that's true. >> You are attaching your own personal social reputation to that piece of content. You are saying, I endorse this. It's the digital equivalent of like clipping a newspaper article and mailing it to your sister because you know she'd love it. It carries immense personal weight. >> Precisely. And GM recognizes that weight. When it sees a high velocity of DM shares on a video, it reads that as the ultimate signal of human satisfaction. It tells the system, "This isn't just passively entertaining. This is socially binding." Wow. >> That is the strongest virality signal possible right now. Content that dominates the DM ecosystem is heavily amplified by the algorithm in the public discovery feeds. >> And it is just DM shares, right? There's another private metric that has quietly become the gold standard for enduring value, and that is the save. >> Yes, the save metric is fascinating because it measures utility over time. When a user clicks the bookmark icon to save a post, it sends a very specific semantic signal to Andromeda. It says, "This content is too dense or too useful to consume in a single passing glance. I need to curate this for my future self." >> It's an admission of high value because you don't save a meme you've already laughed at. You save a tutorial on how to fix a leaky faucet or a really complex recipe or a breakdown of a marketing strategy. >> Exactly. Educational content, step-by-step guides, cheat sheets. These formats naturally generate massive save rates. And when Andromeda sees a video generating a high ratio of saves per impression, it categorizes that content as a high value utility asset, >> right? >> It thinks if this specific user found this valuable enough to archive, I need to analyze their behavioral vector and go find 10,000 other users with a similar semantic profile who also need this utility. >> I can hear the marketers and the brand managers listening right now starting to panic a little bit. Yeah. Because if you're a social media manager, your boss wants to see a spreadsheet at the end of the month with numbers going up. >> And likes and comments are visible. They're easy to track and put in a report. This private shift feels like a massive leap into basically dark social. >> It is dark social. >> So, how do you measure success if all the real engagement is happening in hidden group chats? >> You measure it by looking at reach and retention and by fundamentally shifting your calls to action. The era of saying smash that like button or drop a comment below is honestly over. It feels desperate and outdated. You have to engineer your content for the private shift. You need to design for the share and the save. >> So instead of trying to be universally liked by everyone in the feed, you have to be highly specific. Your content needs to be so hyper relatable to a specific situation that the viewer instinctively thinks, "Oh my god, I have to send this to Sarah. This is exactly what we were talking about yesterday." or it has to be so densely packed with actionable info that they think I need to save this for my project on Sunday. >> You are designing for utility and intimacy. If you hit those two notes, the invisible DM and save metrics will trigger Andromeda to exponentially increase your overall reach. The public vanity metrics might look lower than they did in 2023, but the actual impact and the distribution of the content will be vastly higher. But of course, there is a brutal reality we have to face here. Before you can convince someone to save your tutorial or DM your joke to their best friend, you have to actually get them to stop scrolling in the first place. You have to arrest their attention. Which brings us to the architecture of virality and specifically the psychology of the 3-se secondond rule. >> Yeah. Because if Andromeda is mapping your video's DNA and serving it to the perfect user, the battle is literally won or lost in that initial frame. Now, anyone who has worked in digital media for more than a week knows what a hook rate is. The percentage of people who watch the first three seconds divided by the total impressions. That isn't new. But what has changed and what frankly blew my mind in the research is what actually works to secure that hook in 2026, >> Because if you rewind just a couple of years to the peak of the Tik Tok explosion, the conventional wisdom was all about trending audio. You had to find a viral song, point at some text on the screen, do a little dance, and just ride the audio wave. >> That was the dominant syntax of the platform for a long time. >> But the data from the analytics firm Amplify, who analyzed over 10,000 top performing reels recently, shows a complete reversal. It isn't about the music anymore. It's about human connection. >> The data is unequivocal on this. Videos that feature a human speaking directly to the camera in the first 3 seconds boost their 10-second retention rate by nearly 25%. 25%. That's huge. >> It's massive. And furthermore, the sound on rate, meaning users actually unmuting the video or turning up their volume jumps by almost 9%. This is just so counterintuitive to the flashy, hyperedited aesthetic we usually associate with social media. On an app literally built to serve up endless dopamine hits of visual stimulation, just speaking into a lens with your raw human voice is outperforming complex edits in viral music. Why? To understand why, we really have to look at the neurology of how we process information on a feed. When you were doom scrolling, you were in a highly passive, almost semi-hypnotic state. >> Yeah, the zombie scroll, >> right? Your brain is aggressively filtering out noise. But human evolution has hardwired us to prioritize faces and voices above all other stimuli. >> When you swipe up and suddenly see a human face looking at you and a voice begins to speak, it creates an immediate micro mystery. >> A micro mystery. >> Yes. Your brain instinctively registers a social interaction. It immediately asks a series of rapidfire questions. Who is this person? Who are they talking to? What is the context of this conversation? Are they angry? Are they sharing a secret? Your brain cannot ignore the start of a human story. It forces a cognitive pause to resolve the context. And that cognitive pause translates directly into a metric that the engineers at Meta call scroll velocity deceleration, which I absolutely love this term. It sounds like astrophysics, but it's literally just measuring how fast your thumb is moving. >> Exactly. Andromeda is so sophisticated that it doesn't just measure whether you watched three seconds. It measures the physical deceleration of the swipe. It senses the user applying the brakes. >> Wow. >> When a human voice creates that micro mystery, the thumb slows down. Andrometer registers that deceleration, cross references it with the semantic presence of human speech, and flags the content as a high value storytelling asset. And it isn't just verbal hooks, though. The research highlights some fascinating visual psychology as well. They talk about dramatic reveal transitions. >> Oh, yeah. This is a visual jolt designed to reset the viewer's attention span. A creator might physically cover the lens with their hand or do a hard stomp or jump, and the moment they make contact, the scene instantly cuts to a new location or a new outfit. >> Right. It's exploiting our hardwired response to sudden movement. >> Yeah. But the visual hook that I found most interesting was the shift in framing, the absolute dominance of the off-axis talking shot. >> Yes, this is a brilliant, really subtle manipulation of social dynamics. For years, the standard way to shoot a video was to stare dead center into the lens like a news anchor delivering a broadcast. >> Right. >> But that syntax feels formal. It feels like a lecture. >> It feels like an advertisement. >> Exactly. But when a creator sets the camera slightly to the side and looks offaxis, perhaps looking at a laptop or seemingly talking to someone just out of frame, it changes the psychological relationship with the viewer entirely >> because it feels like you're intruding, >> right? It feels unscripted. It feels like you, the viewer, are eavesdropping on a candid private moment. It removes the pressure of being spoken to and replaces it with the intrigue of observing. >> Which is a perfect segue into the next massive tectonic shift in the ecosystem. Because simply putting a human face on camera and speaking isn't enough anymore. How that human presents themselves is making or breaking campaigns right now. >> Very true. >> If human speech is outperforming music, then raw authenticity is utterly destroying high production polish. We are living in the golden age of what the trend reports call low-fi authentic content. >> This is perhaps the most difficult pill for traditional brands to swallow. There is a massive cultural rejection of polished advertising happening across the globe. Internal surveys show that 50% of Instagram users explicitly state they prefer humorous, unpolished, raw reals over highly produced cinematic videos. >> Okay, I want to push back on this because I can hear the creative directors out there screaming. Oh, I'm sure >> if I'm running a luxury brand, say I'm selling $5,000 watches or high-end sports cars, am I really supposed to shoot my campaigns on a shaky iPhone in a dimly lit room? Does Loi actually scale across all industries or is this just a tactic for 19-year-old influencers in their bedrooms? >> It is a critical question, and the answer requires nuance. Loi does not mean loweffort or garbage quality. It means adopting the native syntax of the >> Okay, so what does that look like for a watch brand? If you are selling a luxury watch, you obviously shouldn't shoot it in a messy bedroom. But instead of a million-dollar studio shoot with robotic camera arms and dramatic voiceovers, you might shoot a crisp, beautifully lit iPhone video of a master watch maker sitting at their actual workbench. They're wearing a loop intimately explaining the mechanism of the Torbon in their own unscripted words. >> Ah, it's about the syntax of reality versus the syntax of a commercial. >> Exactly. Think about how Andromeda's semantic indexing processes this. Andromeda sees everything, right? When it scans a video with perfect threepoint studio lighting color graded to perfection with a professional voice over, it semantically groups that video into the traditional advertisement vector. >> And what do humans do when they encounter traditional advertisements? >> We swipe past them instantly. We have developed total ad blindness. >> Precisely. We have neurological calluses against being sold to. But when Andromeda scans that video of the watch maker at his bench with natural window light and the ambient sound of the workshop, it categorizes it as a genuine human experience. It reads as native content. And native content historically triggers much higher completion rates and trust metrics. It's the difference between a slick salesperson in a tailored suit trapping you in a showroom versus an incredibly knowledgeable friend pulling you aside at a dinner party to enthusiastically explain how something works. One triggers your defense mechanisms and the other triggers curiosity. >> And this demand for authenticity has given rise to highly specific psychological archetypes that creators are using to build immense trust. The research highlighted several of these trend frameworks. Let's look at the brainwash you trend. Oh, I have seen this everywhere recently. It's so incredibly clever from a psychological standpoint. >> It's a master class in vulnerability framing. The hook typically goes like this. Unfortunately, if you spend too much time with me, I'll brainwash you into believing in yourself and actually launching that business. >> The word unfortunately does so much heavy lifting there. >> It's the entire fulcrum of the hook. If the creator just said, "I'm going to make you successful." It sounds arrogant. It sounds like a scammy guru pitch. >> Right. You instantly swipe away. >> Exactly. The viewer's defense mechanisms immediately engage. But by adding unfortunately and framing it as brainwashing, it softens the confidence. It wraps a highly aspirational promise in a layer of self-deprecating humor. It frames their infectious ambition almost as a contagious side effect or a warning. It reads as supremely confident yet highly approachable. >> Then there is the girlto girl trend which the behavioral analysts point out is heavily rooted in regret avoidance. Yes, this trend bridges the gap between the messy reality of the process and the aspiration of the outcome. A creator will use a trending audio that says something like, "I can't believe I did that." But the visual is them achieving something immensely difficult like running a marathon or standing in a warehouse full of their product or graduating. >> It's disguised as a personal diary entry. It strips away the polished success story and emphasizes the shock and vulnerability of the journey. It offers the viewer a road map to aspiration without making them feel inadequate. >> And we see the absolute pinnacle of relatable, unscripted content in the headphone swap trend. >> Oh, the walking down the street ones. >> Yes. Two friends walking down the street. They swap headphones to hear what the other person is currently listening to and their genuine surprised reactions are captured on camera. It relies entirely on the awkwardness and reality of social contrast. It's the ultimate rejection of the script. Yeah. Which ties into this broader macro theme. The research calls chaos culture. And I honestly think there is no better example of how brands can effectively participate in chaos culture than the KitKat heist. >> This is a brilliant case study in modern corporate agility. So in Europe, an actual crime occurred where 12 tons of KitKat chocolate were stolen from a facility. >> 12 tons? >> Yeah. A massive theft. In a previous era, a massive corporation like Nestle would have issued a stiff, legally approved press release from a PR firm condemning the theft. >> They would have tried to control the narrative. >> Exactly. But the internet doesn't want controlled narratives. The internet wants chaos. Users immediately started treating this real world theft like a Hollywood heist movie. They were making memes, casting the actors, plotting how you even physically move 12 tons of chocolate. >> And instead of shutting it down, KitKat leaned in. They participated in the joke natively. They referenced their own have a break slogan in the context of the robbers needing a break. They joined the lofi meme-driven conversation >> which forces a very uncomfortable question for traditional brands. Are you desperately trying to maintain an illusion of pristine control or are you willing to actually participate in the humorous messy reality of the internet? Because Andromeda heavily rewards participation. Okay, so we've established the power of this low-fi authentic highly relatable approach, but to see the strategy operating at its absolute maximum potential where the 3-second human hook, the unpolished vibe, and the algorithm's thirst for retention all perfectly aligned to create worldshaking numbers, we have to return to the story. We open the show with >> the DPakona video. >> Exactly. We have to look at the market that is literally shaping the global algorithm right now. We have to look at India. If you are not paying attention to the Indian social media market in 2026, you are missing the engine room of the global internet. The scale is difficult to fully comprehend. India currently has 472.6 million Instagram users. >> That is insane. >> It is by far the largest market in the world, eclipsing the U, US, Brazil, and Europe. >> Nearly half a billion people on a single platform. And that sheer volume of human behavior is exactly why that DPakoney Hilton video hit 1.9 billion views. But I really want to dig into the why because it wasn't just that she's incredibly famous. Famous people post videos that flop all the time. >> All the time. >> What is the specific blueprint working in India that is so effective it is actually training GM and Andromeda for the rest of the world. >> It comes down to three core pillars of native integration. First, there is the masterful use of Bollywood audioled formats. In India, music isn't just background noise. It is the emotional connective tissue of the culture. When a new track drops, creators instantly use it to score their own emotional narratives, creating these hyperviral localized trends. >> And the second pillar is the memeled relatability. >> Yes, the Indian audience deeply rewards content that taps into shared cultural friction. reels that humorously address the intense pressure of university exams or the chaos of multigenerational family dynamics or the nuances of festival shopping. It is that lowfi authentic preference dialed up to a massive scale. >> And the third pillar is how they handle commerce. The rise of creatorled direct to consumer or DTOC content. >> Brands like Mama Earth and Minimalists realized very early on that polished studio commercials were failing. So they shifted massive budgets directly to creators. But they don't dictate scripts. The creators shoot raw phone-based product demos that look exactly like a genuine recommendation a friend would send you in a DM. It leverages the parasocial intimacy we talked about earlier. >> But the most fascinating aspect of the India blueprint, the thing that I think holds the most profound lesson for creators anywhere in the world is the linguistic evolution. The absolute explosion of English. >> Oh yeah. English is a beautiful organic adaptation to the platform. It is a fluid rapidfire blend of Hindi and English. It is exactly how urban younger demographics in India actually speak in coffee shops and at work. >> The research highlighted educational creators like Sorav Jane and digital pratik. These are guys who have built massive communities, hundreds of thousands of highly engaged followers teaching really complex marketing and business concepts. But they don't do it in stiff formal English and they don't do it in purely traditional Hindi. They teach in English. And that choice is a strategic master stroke. Think about the friction of language. When an expert speaks in highly formal, jargonheavy language, they establish authority, but they sacrifice intimacy. They build a wall. >> Right. It feels like school. >> Exactly. By teaching in English, these creators instantly dismantle that wall. They remove the friction of a lecture and replace it with the warmth of a peer-to-peer conversation. >> It feels like an older brother explaining a tough concept to you at the kitchen table. And we are seeing this strategy fragment even further with regional language hooks. A creator might open a video with a fiery high energy 5-second hook spoken entirely in TAML or Tugu. >> Yes, >> that instantly arrests the attention of that specific regional community. It creates massive scroll velocity deceleration. Then once they've secured the hook, they switch seamlessly into English or Hindi to deliver the broader educational payoff to a wider audience. It is a phenomenal manipulation of the 3-se secondond rule using cultural identity as the hook. >> But let me play devil's advocate here for a second. Why does a social media manager in New York or a solo creator in London need to care about English or Tamil language hooks if they aren't selling to the Indian market, isn't this just like an interesting piece of trivia? >> Absolutely not. It is critical because the algorithm learns from volume. Because the Indian market is so impossibly vast, the engagement behaviors of those 472 million users, their strong preference for unpolished, culturally relevant, bilingual, authentic content serve as the primary training data for GM. >> Ah, they are writing the cheat sheet. >> Exactly. GM watches billions of interactions in India and learns a fundamental global truth. Raw culturally nuanced authenticity generates higher human satisfaction than polished sterile broadcasting. GM encodes that philosophy into its core predictive models. Wow. And because GM is the central intelligence orchestrating the entire meta ecosystem, those learnings subtly but powerfully influence how content is ranked, evaluated, and retrieved in New York, in London, in Tokyo. >> That is wild. The algorithm is not just a cold mathematical formula. It's literally a mirror reflecting human culture back at us. >> And the lesson is universal. Authenticity is a semantic signal that Andromeda recognizes and rewards regardless of whether you are speaking English in Mumbai or English in Chicago. If you can tap into the hyper local nuances of your specific community, you can achieve borderless reach. >> Right? You don't have to speak English to apply the lesson. The lesson is to speak the true unfiltered language of your audience rather than the sterilized language of a brand. >> Okay, we have covered a staggering amount of conceptual and technical ground. We've mapped out the massive AI architecture of Andromeda and GM and understood the shift to semantic retrieval. We know that private DMs and saves of the new currencies of value. We've broken down the neurology of the 3-second human hook. We've explored the psychological dominance of lowfi vulnerability. And we've seen how the massive scale of the Indian market proves that cultural authenticity wins. >> It's a lot. >> It is. Now, how the hell do we actually do this? How does a brand or a single creator sitting at their desk tomorrow morning package all of this theory into a cohesive executable strategy for 2026? >> We need to build the 2026 strategy playbook. And the most practical place to start is with the biggest strategic surprise in the data. Given everything we have just spent an hour discussing regarding video reels and computer vision, the most powerful tool in your arsenal might actually be static. >> Oh, this. Yes, >> we need to talk about the carousel comeback. >> Yes, this blew my mind because the narrative everywhere is that video has devoured the world. But carousels, those multi-slide image and text posts are quietly dominating a crucial metric. >> The behavioral data shows that across every single tier of brand size, whether you have a thousand followers or 10 million carousels consistently generate the highest volume of safes. And as we established earlier, the save is one of the most potent signals of enduring utility you can send to Andromeda. Why are they performing so well, though? Is it just nostalgia for photos? No, it's about active versus passive consumption. Video is inherently passive. You press play and let it wash over you. But a carousel requires active physical participation. You have to read, process, and physically swipe to the next slide. >> It forces engagement. >> Exactly. And more importantly, it generates massive dwell time. If a user spends two minutes reading through a dense 10 slide educational carousel about say tax strategy, Andromeda measures that extensive dwell time, right? >> It registers that the user is deeply engaged in learning, categorizes the post as high value utility and aggressively pushes it to similar vectors. In 2026, the average engagement rate for carousels is 0.55% which actually slightly edges out reels at 0.52%. I love this primarily because it takes the immense pressure off. You don't have to be a manic high energy video performer 24/7. Carousels allow for quiet, methodical depth. >> They are the textbooks of the platform. So, when we look at the ideal content architecture for 2026, the data suggests a very specific structural mix. >> Let's break down the ratios. What is the ideal diet to feed the algorithm? >> You want to dedicate 60 to 70% of your output to reels. Reels are your discovery engine. They are the wide net you cast into Andromeda's retrieval system to reach completely cold audiences. >> Okay, 60 to 70 for discovery. >> Then you allocate 20 to 30% of your output to carousels. This is your depth mechanism. This is where you prove your expertise, deliver dense utility, and rack up those high-v value saves. And finally, the remaining 10% is dedicated to single images mostly to maintain a coherent aesthetic on your profile grid and provide simple humanizing moments. That structural mix feeds the AI ecosystem, the diverse entity IDs we talked about earlier. But having the right mix of formats is only half the battle. You also have to understand how the different spaces within the app function together. Which brings us to the concept of the reels to stories funnel. >> This is critical. You cannot treat the whole app as one monolithic audience. People use different features for entirely different psychological reasons. >> Break that landscape down for me. Where does everything fit? If we look at the macro environment, Tik Tok is still functioning as the engine for rapid, unpredictable, often chaotic global discovery. But Instagram reels have solidified their position as the premier top offunnel discovery tool specifically for highspending intent driven demographics, particularly millennials. >> Okay, so a millennial sees my reel through Andromeda's retrieval. They laugh or they learn something and they click through to my profile. But that doesn't mean they are ready to buy my course or my product. They don't know me. >> Exactly. A real generates reach, but it rarely generates immediate trust. That is where stories come in. Stories act as the relationship layer, the intimacy layer >> because they disappear in 24 hours. The production value is inherently zero. >> Yes. When that user clicks to your profile and watches your daily stories, they see the unpolished reality. They see you drinking coffee, making a mistake, answering questions off the cuff. Stories utilize vulnerability framing continuously. Well, it builds over time. >> Over the course of a few weeks, that daily low stakes presence builds profound parasocial intimacy. It converts the initial cold reach of the reel into deep brand loyalty and ultimately sales. >> So, we have reels for discovery, carousels for depth and saves, and daily stories for intimate trust. It's a beautiful logical funnel. But let's be incredibly real for a second. If I am a solo entrepreneur or a small marketing team of two people, I am already exhausted just hearing that. You were telling me I need to master three completely different formats just to survive. >> How do you execute this playbook without burning out in a month? >> The secret to surviving the 2026 ecosystem is intelligent algorithmic repurposing. You do not need three separate brilliant ideas every day. You need one core idea semantically translated for the different formats. >> Okay, walk me through exactly how that looks in practice. Give me a scenario. >> Let's say you are a fitness coach and you write a highly detailed 10 slide carousel breaking down the biological reasons why most people fail at marathon training. It's dense. It's educational and it performs incredibly well generating hundreds of saves. >> A great utility asset, >> right? Most creators stop there. But the playbook says you extract the core thesis of that carousel. You set up your phone looks slightly offaxis to create that eavesdropping effect. and you film a fast-paced 30-se secondond reel >> using a hook, obviously. >> Yep. You open with a human speech hook, maybe utilizing the brainwash you vulnerability framework, saying, "Unfortunately, I am going to ruin the way you train for marathons because you are making this one massive mistake." And then you deliver a condensed version of the carousel's message. >> Okay, so now I have a real and a carousel on the exact same topic. >> Then the next morning, you jump onto your stories while you are actually out on a run. You are out of breath. It's completely unpolished and you candidly tell a quick self-deprecating story about a time you made that exact marathon training mistake and hit the wall at mile 18. >> That is brilliant. You're feeding Andromeda completely different entity IDs, a textheavy asset, a highly produced video hook and a raw ephemeral video, but the semantic core is identical. >> And this is how you hack the architecture. By feeding the system different formats of the same core message, you trigger a massive algorithmic feedback loop. Andromeda watches a user engage with your short reel, then later sees them dwell on your deep dive carousel, and then watches them reply to your raw story. >> It's hitting them from all sides. >> The AI synthesizes all of this and realizes your account isn't just a one-hit wonder. You are providing comprehensive, multi-dimensional value to that user. It maximizes your overall account authority in the vector space. You stop fighting the algorithm and you start giving it exactly what it wants to eat. >> Man, that is an absolute masterclass in modern platform architecture. You aren't just making content. You are building an integrated behavioral funnel. >> It is about working in harmony with the physics of the system rather than fighting against the ghost of algorithms past. >> All right, we have covered an incredible dense amount of territory today. Let's trace the arc of the journey one last time. We started by meeting the new AI architecture Andromeda and GM and learned that the era of demographic targeting is basically over. Instead, your creative DNA is your targeting matched by neural networks to the behavioral vectors of billions of users. >> Then we explored the evolution of human engagement, realizing that as feeds become more commercial, true value has migrated. Public lives are fading while the private intimate ecosystem of DM shares and profile saves has become the ultimate currency of algorithmic virality. >> Right? We deconstructed the 3-second rule, discovering that the micro mystery of a human face and voice creates scroll velocity deceleration, far outperforming slick music only videos. >> We analyzed the cultural rejection of polish, seeing how low-fi authentic content and frameworks like vulnerability and relatable chaos build trust in a way that million-dollar ad campaigns simply cannot. We looked at the immense power of the Indian market where the fusion of culture and English proves that removing the friction of formal jargon and speaking the native language of your audience is the key to training global AI models. >> And finally, we laid out the cohesive 2026 playbook. Engineering a funnel that leverages carousels for depth and saves, short reels for top offunnel discovery, and raw stories to forge lasting parasocial relationships. >> It is a totally new game. But before that you go, there was one final incredibly provocative concept buried deep in the engineering reports that we deliberately haven't touched on yet. And frankly, it feels like science fiction, but it is the reality of where this technology is heading next. It's a framework Meta calls agentic AI commerce. >> This represents the final evolution of the ecosystem we've been discussing. >> Right now, the relationship is still somewhat manual. We scroll, we see a reel we like, maybe we click a tagged product, we add it to a cart, and we buy it. We are still pulling the trigger. >> But as Gem and Andromeda reach new levels of predictive capability, Meta is preparing for a future where AI personas, autonomous agents with internal project names like Echom or Pop Store, will actually handle the discovery and the purchasing for you. >> The AI transitions from being a passive retrieval engine to becoming an active financial agent acting on your behalf. >> Exactly. Imagine this. Based entirely on the semantic signals of the reels you linger on, the aesthetic of the carousels you save, and the specific tone of the videos you share in your private DMs, these AI agents will build a perfect psychological profile of your desires. >> It's wild to think about. >> And they'll have a budget. They will scour the internet, curate products, suggest experiences, and literally make purchases delivered to your door, all based on the subconscious behavioral vectors you create while scrolling on the toilet. It takes the concept of personalized semantic retrieval to its absolute inevitable and somewhat terrifying extreme. >> It really does. So, here is the ultimate question for you to ponder as you step back into the real world or as you sit down to plan your next piece of content. If we are rapidly approaching a reality where AI agents are going to curate our lives, shape our environment, and literally spend our money based purely on our micro habits and scrolling behaviors. Are we shaping the algorithm with our desires? Or has the algorithm gotten so good at predicting our behavior that it is now shaping us? >> It is the defining tension of the modern internet. And it's a profound thought to keep in mind the next time you open the app. >> It certainly makes you look at that 3-second hook in a completely different light, doesn't it? Well, thank you for joining us on this deep dive into the source material. Take these blueprints, start experimenting with your creative vectors.

- Atualização Meta Ads Andromeda: Tudo que Você Precisa Saber: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, what's up? I'm Gustavo, and we're back. In today's video, I'm going to show you how to advertise in the best way, how to get the maximum results from this new update that you saw happened last month, right, in Meta Eds Andromeda, this update called MetaS Andromeda. What has changed, what hasn't changed, and how to advertise, what is the best campaign structure in this way. That's because, guys, you've seen, a lot of people have started recording content talking about Metaads Andromeda. And you all know that last month there was this update to MetaSs, right? It's called Metaads Andromeda, correct? Wrong, none of that happened. Facebook Ads did not update last month. Well, what happened was a completely ineffective effect. A lot of content creators about Facebook Ads in the United States and Brazil started using the title Metaads Andromeda, update and all that. This had no effect whatsoever, and many people started to believe that there had been some kind of update to Metaedads and that people should change the way they advertise. So basically, guys, there haven't been any updates, okay? But I'm going to explain to you the best way to advertise nowadays, right, with the new algorithm, right, with these changes Metaedads has made over the years, not just in September, okay? Not last month, not in October, okay? Basically, guys, people are explaining a new way of advertising according to Andromeda meta ads , but in reality, meta ads were already like that. The difference is that people started to believe in it and produce content. They started testing it, saw that it started working, and they began to think there had been an update to MetaS, when in fact what happened was that way of announcing that they call Metaads Andromeda, which has always worked . The difference is that people didn't have that validity, they didn't apply it, right? So in the end, guys, everyone suffered a major COP incident, right? A great herd effect, a great COP technique. So, the Metaedads Andromeda update, or whatever you want to call it, is a unique mechanism perfect for selling courses, for attracting attention, and ultimately, for getting people to buy anything they're advertising. And in reality, what happened, guys, on September 30th, a foreigner, Dr. Mat Shiver, recorded a video implying that there was an update to Metaedads, called Metaedads Andromeda, which will completely change the way people advertise and everything else. Actually, he only included a good copy. Meta has been working in this way, as I'm about to explain to you, since last year. Honestly, man, to be perfectly fine, since 2022, 2023, this is more or less how announcements should be made. People are already talking about it. The difference is that he used such a good COP that people started to believe the update just happened, right? And they started testing. In fact, it's the video with the most views that mentions that name, Meta Andromeda Update, right? And what happened? Several content creators in the United States have started using that name, right? As a result, several content creators on YouTube in Brazil started using that name, implying that there was an update to Meta, all at the same time, okay? And several Instagram content creators who have direct traffic operations or are traffic managers and so on, started talking about it. So, everyone kind of went through the phase of believing that Meta Eds Andromeda is an update and changed the way I advertise, even though I've been saying for a while now that this is the best way to run ads on Meta, right? So, just to draw a parallel, uh, do you guys know about the Pink Salt Trick, the pink salt trick for weight loss? Well, Artur PC, I think it was Artur, created this mechanism, and ran this VSL in the United States. Then everyone started thinking that pink salt helps with weight loss, when in reality it's just a marketing ploy to sell the guy's product. But it generates such a big effect, so many people start talking about it, because everyone starts copying this mechanism of the pink salt weight loss trick, it goes to Brazil, it goes to Europe and everywhere else, that people start to internalize it, when to sell things. Pink salt has nothing to do with weight loss or beauty; that's what happened, but with a goal, so be very careful not to fall into the COP trap. Anyway, giving this context, guys, how do you advertise in the best way, right? And to reiterate, the Andromeda goal is not a recent update. Well, Meta announced the update for the first time, right, MetaAndromeda, this technology, which I'll explain what it is, on December 2nd, 2024, okay? So it's old, it 's not something new. And he promoted this tool. It doesn't mean that he started applying this tool on December 2, 2024, because there's a big difference, right? You say that you have a tool and that this tool was already being used. Actually, Meta has had Advantage Plus for many years now, right? So that's it. MetaAndromeda supports and enhances the Advantage Plus technology, right? And on March 27th she posted, right, talking about Meta-Andromeda, right, another post. And on April 22, 2025, he talked about how to best use ads, to enhance meta AI, meta machine learning, and with Meta Andromeda, okay? So, that's what officially happened. So, a lot of guru content creators were talking about this MetaS update last month. It's just COP, it's just an effect, nothing. There was nothing official from Meta last month, late September, early October regarding Meta Andromeda. To change something in the official tool we have, it's this one here, okay? So that's it. You all experienced a major herd effect. Hey guys, I've been teaching this since 2024. Let me see if it shows up here. November 12, 2024, okay? I'm talking about the old way of advertising, how to advertise in the best way. So, even before the meta announced the Andromeda meta, the way people are talking about how to best announce themselves in the Andromeda meta has been good practice for a long time, okay? So that's it, guys. Nothing has changed. Actually, it changed a long time ago. The difference is that people are saying things have changed. Just because people say it has changed, doesn't mean it has actually changed. It's OK? So let's go. I gave this introduction. How do you actually have to advertise, right? First, what is meta Andromeda? I'll leave the link here in the description for you to read and everything else. You can click here to read. But according to Metaads itself, that's the information you have to trust, okay? It's an expanded machine learning system for targeting ads. So it's a technology, okay, that was designed to retrieve data, to capture audience interaction data on social media, and integrate it with their technology using Nvidia chips, which is a hardware company, to better predict what the interest is, what ad, what video is interesting to each audience. So it's an improvement in technology, in machine learning to make it easier, damn it, this ad has to show to this person, this ad has to be shown to this person. Basically, before, we chose who the ad would appear to, and Meta had a different system for showing that ad to each audience, right? And nowadays it's different, there's machine learning, there's a more advanced tool today, which I've been saying for some years now, okay? I'm not talking about this month or this year, okay? where metadata can predict with greater accuracy and thus, you know, segment the ad. In other words, the tool segments based on data retrieval and interaction, not based on the advertiser's decision to, say, "Oh, I'm going to advertise to people interested in makeup." Got it? Meta knows who likes makeup based on posts, because it has robust enough technology to do so. This is meta-Andromeda, okay? That's the system, okay? From Metals. Don't try to understand it in depth if you don't want to. That's all you need to know. In other words, MetaS Andromeda, Meta Andromeda, Andromeda Update, is not the name of an update that happened in October, nor one that happened in 2025, nor any update at all. It's not a campaign style you have to use, as some people have said, and it's not a different way to scale on Meta Eds. No, it's nothing like that. It's a technology that has been in use for years, and Meta has only recently begun to promote and improve it. So, improve how this technology delivers results, don't change the way it works completely overnight. Meta has never made abrupt changes, it has never changed out of the blue, and now it's completely changing the way people advertise. It was always done with great caution. And, man, he's making these changes little by little. Anyway, let's not get into that, but if anyone has told you anything like that , that person is very misinformed and, man, they're using copying tactics to convince you to buy something, to convince you to follow them, and it doesn't resemble reality, it's not real, you know? It's fake, it's fleeting, it's a pink salt trick . People are using the pink salt trick on Facebook ads. Do you want to believe the pink salt trick? You don't want to, do you? So that's it. In practice, since you have to advertise nowadays, you have to assume you have this Metaedads Andromeda system and everything else, anyway, to recap. Then I provided the context, right, because you've probably already seen several videos on the subject. Now I'm going to give official information, finally, on best practices. Metaeds has released a video—here's the source, for you to click on—talking about best practices, explaining that experienced advertisers, like me, who have been talking to you about this for a long time, have discovered, through creative diversity, a way to amplify results using metaeds technology. Then Meta himself acknowledged, damn, this is how you announce creative diversity. And she used experienced advertisers as a base . So, people who have been talking about it for a long time, in short, people who use Metaedads. And Meta validated it, so gurus, content creators, tested it and it works, and Meta himself said it works. So this has practical validity, and I'll explain other ways to advertise in a moment. So basically, in the past, this is according to the goal, okay? I didn't write this. This is the meta. In the past, advertisers relied heavily on targeting based on demographics, interests, and specific behaviors to reach their desired audience—the audience that would buy from the ad. However, with the emergence of AI-powered advertising tools, such as Advantage Plus, these updates to the meta system and the improvement of the Andromeda meta system technology. The focus has shifted from niche segmentation to creative diversification as the best lever for finding the most relevant audience. So, before, in order to sell, you needed to segment. So, whoever segmented their audience better—and of course, there are other factors, but basically, whoever segmented best, found the best slice of the audience—sold more, okay? Nowadays, basically, whoever has a more diverse creative team and a better creative team, sells more. Because the goal is to achieve a public encounter not through segmentation, not by the advertiser's decision , but rather through the interaction of the audience with the creative content. Do you know which one changed the order? Has the way the algorithm works changed? So it's the person's engagement with your ad that determines whether more people will see that ad, and not your targeting or your decision in the ad manager. Something like that. Do you want me to draw it for you? Didn't you understand? Beauty? Yes, if you want a wider audience, you need to create more content in different formats for different audiences. Videos that say the same thing or different things in different ways, that converse, interact, and connect with different people, okay? Let's do a really basic example, man. You have it, and I'm going to use a metaphor, okay? I'll explain how it works in practice later. You're a profile, you're Virginia, okay? You are Virginia and you want more followers. The product you sell, in quotes, is a follow, okay? And you want to target low-income women, mothers, middle-class women , uh, damn, just women in general, I imagine that's the Virginia audience, right? She will produce a series of videos, content, and photos that will appear in the feeds of different people. They will engage, and as a consequence, it will result in, in quotes, a sale, which is following her, okay? I'm not even talking about selling products, I'm talking about following along. She wants to reach more people, she starts doing little dances, she starts dating Vini Júnior, she starts appearing on gossip pages, she starts traveling, she starts, I don't know, I don't know what Virginia does, right? But she starts doing it. She produces different types of content. In this case, because she is influential, she does different things with her life, and people want to know about her life so that different people start consuming her services. A lot of people, a lot of men who like soccer, started following Virginia and talking about her. Why? Because she started dating Vini Júnior. She produced content, okay? Understand that this is content, it has nothing to do with her morals, no. She created content about it and hit that bubble, that bubble started following her, and she made that sale. It's the same thing with Meta Eds, you know? I went around in circles here because it's the same thing with Meta Eds. So you have ad one which is a photo, ad three, right? Lifestyle photo, which is a woman wearing a dress, and you sell that dress; that woman is on the beach, in a chic place. This is lifestyle photography. Some people like photos, so they 'll receive that type of photo, interact with it, and make a purchase. There's another video you can record that's an advertisement for a fitting room; it's aimed at women who might have insecurities about their bodies, and who feel more comfortable buying products online. Then I saw a woman wearing it in the fitting room, and the dress was going to interact with her, and she was going to buy it. And you have ad number one, which is a comparison, I don't know, you're comparing a fancy dress with a cheap dress and showing that the fabric of this dress is super high-tech. It's really awesome. This engages with a type of audience that, I don't know, values technology, values this different dress, and suddenly even wears these bad dresses. There are audiences, okay? Each little ball represents an audience, audiences of intersections. So, some people like lifestyle photos and comparison ads. Some people like fitting room videos and lifestyle photos. There are people together, and there are people together in all three groups. So, there are people who interact with and receive these three types of ads. However, there are many more people who interact with this ad, but not with this one. And the trick is that the more ad formats and styles you have, the larger the potential audience you have to convert. That's the logic behind Metaedads. If you produce few ads or very similar ads for only a few products, you'll only be communicating with that specific bubble. And often your competitors are already producing ads that speak to that bubble, and much smaller ads. So, in order to capture new audience segments, new market segments, in addition to investing more, to reach more people, as soon as the meta-marketer announces it, you need more creative people, because it's an easier way to connect. Why? Because dissemination is based on interaction. If your ad has little interaction or if it doesn't engage anyone, your CPM is going to be ridiculously expensive . Your cost per click is going to be ridiculously expensive because your ad is bad. Your ad isn't connecting with the audience, and you're only getting it seen by a handful of people by spending a lot of money. And it's going to be a random, insignificant bunch. Got it? Your ad isn't generating poor results because you chose the wrong audience; you chose an unqualified audience, an audience that doesn't have money and therefore is seeing your ad but not interacting with it. No, your ad is terrible, that's why you're practicing with that audience. That's the logic. That's how technology works, that's how metadata works, that's how everyone's running ads and talking, right? So that's it, I drew it for you. Well, observing in practice. Let's go, guys! I'm going to open an advertising library. And this is where you need to base your analysis. We have Loop Air Plugs. I've already analyzed them. I think I'll leave it here, okay? Analyzing his creative works. Basically, it's a scalable brand that makes millions of dollars a month, okay? They have 3800 results across the entire world, right? They have different ads that speak to different audiences, okay? They have an ad for this Japanese woman here using looper plugs, you know? And there are different photos, right, man? This type of creative work, I think it 's a review showing the product, and it's kind of a GC photo, right? Because it has a kitten and everything. A conversation with a certain type of audience, but who is that? Japanese women, Korean women, Korean, right? This Korean language here uses this type of clothing, which is more or less like this, and will consume this content. A man probably won't like this type of content, won't identify with it, and won't buy it. So what do they do? They produce a photo of a woman with a testimonial and everything, and then they produce a photo of a man. Here's the ad, the man's ad, okay? It's the same format, except one photo is of a woman and the other is of a man. I need to segment by men and women, to show it to both men and women. It is not necessary. What I need to do is include a man and a woman, because naturally men will interact more with this type of ad and naturally women will interact more with that type of ad. If you segment, you won't see a significant gain. You can try it, it won't make that much of a difference, okay? Meta knows how to segment better, right? Even for gender, okay, guys? And eventually there are men who will find this woman beautiful and will hook up with her , engage with her because they found this woman beautiful. So, great, the metadata knows which men will engage because they found this woman beautiful, and it will also know which women will find this woman attractive, identify with her, and make a purchase. This is a very basic concept, it's an ad format, I just changed the audience, right? A photo of a man and a photo of a woman. Dude, there are thousands of other formats. There's a format, guys, where instead of showing a person using it, I show the product itself, because, damn, it's cute, it has a box, a case, and everything. What did they do? They did it and released it. So, when I do this for a lot of content, for a lot of formats, with a lot of video types, for a lot of audience types, man, you create a machine of multiple creatives. Oh, there are people who interact with this type of ad, guys. This advertisement is comparative. So you're comparing Airplugs, right? That annoying waxy stuff, right? Oh, wax, right? I don't know, rubber, whatever, it's made of that industrial material, or the Loop Over 50, above 50, and still loves a good party. This type of ad, a comparison ad, speaks to people who like and, damn, have already used this product, so a comparison would make sense, right? This product is bad, and they could buy this good product instead. People over 50, right? Those who like to party. So, you realize that the targeting came from the ad? Damn, I'm absolutely certain they didn't create an ad set with people over 50 who are interested in, I don't know, tampons, just to place that ad. They put everything together and the meta-distributor distributes it. There are people under 50 who will interact with this ad and find it helpful, okay? Just because it has a headline above 50 and all that doesn't mean people won't interact with it. So you see, they could limit themselves to just Koreans and not even to a Korean brand. I'm just giving one example here. They could have just advertised to young Koreans in that ad format, but they sought different personas, different ad formats, different types of content, because they understood that different people consume different types of content at different times in their lives, across different age groups, and in different regions. So, it's up to you to understand these demands, produce media to meet them, and run it on Facebook Ads to understand what generates the best results, rather than simply targeting. That's basically how this, in quotes, MetaS Andromeda update works. But it's been working like this for a long time. I've been teaching this way for many years. Not many years, since 2024, but I've been using this philosophy for a long time, right? So, this is the most commonly used Facebook Ads structure , right? Here's the thing. So basically you're going to have an open audience, right? It says "interests" here, but ignore that, guys, because this screenshot is old, okay? And it was also from a very old campaign that I was using, and it's an Advantage Plus audience. If you use the public service, it's enabled there, it says Advantage Plus there, it doesn't matter what interests you put in, it's just a suggestion. He even updated the meta and made it very clear, it's just a suggestion, it's not going to change a damn thing to put this in, right? So, ultimately, it's not segmented here . This isn't targeted, personally, nor is it specifically for women, to be honest, because I did see some men who received the ads, but it's a negligible expense, okay? So, I thought I was targeting someone incorrectly, because this is a very old ad from years ago, right? This set of ads remains active to this day. This screenshot is old, and this campaign is even older, which is why it had that name, but basically, it was called Advantage Plus, which is pointless. You can add some suggestions, but it won't change much , okay? And you're going to put a lot of creative people in there. Ah, Gustavo, but I saw Looper Plugs. Let me see if it's open. And they have, look, 10 ads, meaning it's in 10 ad sets. Honestly, I'm talking about a brand that makes millions a month. They can test everything, they do test everything. The basis of the strategy is more about you doing this than worrying about whether some other brand is duplicating the set. That's the average, right? Most people don't duplicate ad sets, they don't duplicate campaigns. Don't use the same creative in different sets to make that little number appear in the admin panel, okay guys? The average for e-commerce brands, and indeed for infoproduct creators in general, and for companies on Metaedit. So this is a strategy that works for some people, you can apply it, but it's not based on the algorithm, it's not based on the tool itself, okay? It's just another empirical experiment that doesn't solve the central problem. Take Looper Plugs as an example; they are a very successful, fully native, digital company that uses Metaads extensively to scale. Man, they have more creative diversity in their ads. What is most talked about and applied is creative diversity in advertising, rather than duplicating content, having multiple campaigns, setting up creative testing structures, and so on. So, as an advertiser, you should focus more on having fewer ad sets and more creatives in there, okay? For them to compete with each other, you can keep cutting and testing things rather than worrying about duplicating them. So I'm telling you, the most commonly used structure, the ideal structure for those of you who are advertising, who have a small budget, especially since most people, 90% of them , have a sales campaign, an ad set with an open audience, targeting at most region, at most gender, but very little, because it's irrelevant, and several creatives within it, okay? Because the truth is that many of you don't even have a significant amount of creativity. If you're going to have 10 completely different creatives, that's going to be a lot, okay? It's very difficult. I receive a lot of accounts here for analysis. Most of you don't have enough creative ideas that are different from your own . So why would you create multiple ad sets, thinking that will improve your results? So, start paying more attention to creative people, okay? More for the groups, more for the public, more for the campaigns and everything else. I'm leaving the video management app and spending more time in Canva, Capcut, recording videos, and TikTok downloading videos. That should be your focus. If you start doing this today, you will earn more money. That's it, okay? Okay, here are before and after photos so you can clearly see what's going on, alright? Keep in mind that it was a gradual change. Nothing happened out of nowhere, as people are implying. Nothing happened in July, nothing happened in August, nothing happened in September, nothing happened in October, but then out of nowhere, Metaeds changed. The logic has been like this for years, okay? The difference is that now the gurus, the content creators who eventually have authority over you, have started to validate this, okay? Just because someone says something is real, doesn't mean it is real, right? So, before and after, guys, before and after I mean around 2020, okay? [laughter] People were duplicating "set" and " campaign." These days, some people double up, you know? And he makes a hell of a lot of money from it. But the average—I'm talking about the average of what is considered good practice, not the exceptions, okay? Some people are incredibly resourceful with very few creative people, right? The average doesn't do that. So, the exception is the example of the donkey. So, I'm not stupid, so I'm not going to use the exception. Man, the average doubled a lot in terms of overall performance and campaign. Okay? These days, the average company uses an Advantage Plus campaign, okay? And the average, I mean not the average of results, are the big players, okay? Major brands. Well, most people use fewer campaigns. Let's put it this way, damn it, some people duplicate things. You'll see some brands that duplicate ads, you'll notice that, but on average they use fewer campaigns, fewer ad sets. Everyone here, 90% of those listening, won't get good results by duplicating ideas because they have a creative problem, okay? And that. Previously, people segmented their interests, used Lucal, and did remarketing. Nowadays some people do it, yes, but it's unnecessary. It no longer has an incremental result like before. These days it's only Advantage Plus. Oh, and a hug. That's it . We'll sell everything and all that. Only open to the public, that is, open, okay? Advantage Plus, I'm referring to the general public because, ultimately, you're not segmenting. Previously, people filtered positions to achieve better results. So, people were teaching: "Damn, are you getting bad results? Get rid of Facebook and just leave Instagram, because people make more money on Instagram." Nowadays, man, if you leave it open, it's going to be the same thing, because, man, if nobody on Facebook buys your product, Facebook isn't going to show it there, okay? So, the worst that can happen is that nobody buys your product overall, you think some people buy on Instagram, and the meta tag shows it a bit more to Facebook because there were a lot of clicks, and you want to segment it, improve that to see if it improves the result. Overall, it won't improve the result that much , you know? In 90% of cases, it won't change if you filter positioning. People used to do a lot of bid gouging, okay? It was something that big, but that was much older. These days it's automatic bidding, okay? Well, before, basically, people wasted a lot of time on infrastructure, okay? Campaign structure, ad set structure , uh, account setup, basically targeting and everything else, and a little bit about creative, because if you have 10 hours to work, people, if you spend more time on one thing, you spend less time doing the other, right? Nowadays, people need to spend less time on structure and more time on creativity. Those who spend more time on creative work than on structure testing in MetaS, on average earn significantly more money than those who spend more on structure and less on creative work. Overall, and I see large direct traffic operations take about the same amount of time for both. So there are employees who waste time on metadata structures and employees who waste time and think too much about creative testing. Overall, they have a much greater focus on creative than on paid traffic structure. Usually, it's one person, a traffic manager, who worries about the structure of paid traffic, who will test various audiences, sets, different accounts, and everything else, because it makes a difference, because it's a lot of money and, man, a large operation and all that, but there are many more people taking care of the creative side. So, you're someone who has, like, two people on your team, or it's just you on your team, what are you going to do? Are you going to focus on testing the structure, tinkering with Facebook Ads, or are you going to focus on the creative? If you're in the offer validation phase, you're in pre-scaling, you 're looking to increase your profit, you don't live off digital, you're not satisfied with your revenue, your focus needs to be creative, your focus needs to be on improving your funnel, your offer, and not on testing different accounts, not on testing different sets, okay? And I'm making a big exception here, okay, guys? Because many people ask me, who handles direct traffic? Yeah, it's in the black niche, right? By " nicho black" I mean aggressive offers, not scams. Anyone who's running scams, I want them to get lost, leave my channel, I'm not interested in you watching me. But those who run more aggressive offers are constantly penalized by MetaS with higher CPMs. It makes sense to test various accounts, various sets of data, and so on, but on average, okay? 90% of you, right? Those who run White, they run info-products, they're experts, man. You have e-commerce, you sell digital products, man, you're going to have a campaign, an ad set, several creatives in there. You're not going to apply 90% of those strategies people teach about duplicating, tinkering, and structuring things, okay? Understood? That's how it used to be , okay? The future, the present, that's how it works, okay? And regarding creative diversity, which is the concept I introduced to you in this video, and which meta-validates , but which has existed for many years, okay? What doesn't constitute creative diversity is having four ads per month. So, of course, it depends on the budget, right? But four ads a month is very little anywhere. What is it? It means going from four ads per month to having 50 per month. Of course, it depends on the budget. If you have a very high cost per purchase and a very low budget, you're not going to test a ton of ads. But if you're going to make a mistake, make it a bigger one. Creative diversity is much more creative, much more advertising, much more video, much more photo, much more carousel, than you think it is. So, increase the volume, squeeze your brain to produce more pieces of media. More diverse media pieces and reinforcement. What is not creative diversity? Minor changes to the ad. So you just change the background, man, you change the font that was blue to pink, you change a word. No, these are structural changes in concept. Do you remember? I showed a creative image of a woman using the product. Then there was a creative image of the product in the woman's hand , which is to say, a completely different angle. And there was another creative one with a man wearing it. And there was another creative one, entirely dictated by comparison. Dude, these are concepts, these are abrupt and different changes that can completely alter the outcome. You won't see Looper Plugs very often, okay? You might find it because it's very budget-friendly and worthwhile, but overall, man, it won't make much difference if you change a word, a background, a color; instead of showing the green case, you'll show the pink case. Dude, that's not going to make that much of a difference, is it? So, these are structural changes, changes in concept, changes in format, okay? Very different things. The more different options you try, the better your chances of getting it right, right? Because if you make small changes, right? Well, the chance of this increasing your results is very small, because it's a micro-change. Damn, it's more or less talking to the same audience. Changing the font color, that 's not creative diversity. So, uh, I changed the font color. No, you have to change the pain of your copy. It's about changing the concept of the ad, the format, the persona, the avatar, everything else. Well, what isn't creative diversity is focusing on one audience, so only focusing on women, like Looper Plugs, for example. And it's about catering to different audiences. So, looper plugs, man, people over 50, young men, young women, older women, man, different audiences, different creatives for different audiences. That's what scales, okay? Well, what doesn't represent creative diversity is having a video with a "body," which is the core of the ad, and a hook, which are the first three seconds, and only one creative element. Dude, creative diversity is when you test three bores, three hooks, and you end up with nine creatives, you know? You have different beginnings and different middles, and you make connections to test what works and what doesn't. So you multiply and increase your variables so you can test more and improve further. So it's about making better use of your videos, your creative output, to have greater creative diversity. Want to test more hooks for your ads? Test more hooks, but test more bores. Hey, start varying the format of your ad, okay? Changing your avatar makes you start to freak out, you know? It's starting to become more differentiated. That's creative diversity. These aren't small changes, these aren't lazy changes, you know? Now let's address some myths, some fears that people might have: "Oh, but I don't know, every new concept that's presented is a bit polarized, like, this is wrong, this is right," there are some objections. Beauty? My guru doubles the campaign and gets rich. Screw this. What made him rich was the gift. Well, many times he used extremely appealing tactics, so it's not a campaign structure. So, you who run the infoproduct, low-ticket white-ticket product , don't compare yourself to players who run scams, to players who run totally aggressive black-ticket offers with celebrities, promising a cure for cancer and all that, you ca n't compare them, because they are different businesses. This guy, these guys are losing count all the time and everything else. No, you're building a brand, okay? You're selling something online, you're relaxed, you're also focusing on the long term, on recurring revenue, you don't just want to sell and that's it. So, just because someone duplicated a campaign doesn't mean that person getting the desired result by duplicating the campaign; it was probably an offer. If you don't want to have an offer like hers, there's no point in using her marketing structure, advertising structure, account structure, and everything else, because it doesn't apply to your concept and you'll hurt yourself, okay? Yeah, I felt a shift in my goal last month. Everyone feels it, man. If you look on Reddit, man, a lot of people are saying they felt a change, that the Meta Ads Andromeda update took off, ruined the results, it's really bad, but man, every month there are people complaining, saying that something changed in Meta Ads. And that's how it is, man. And that's how it is, not just in Meta, that's how it is on Google, that's how it is, man, in retail. If you go to a retailer group, you know ? In the Mercado Libre sellers group, say: "Damn, Mercado Libre is tough this month." People are going to talk, there will be people saying: "Damn, it's really tough, I don't know what ." Because for most people, sometimes it's the same thing, you know? Because there are multiple factors that can affect your results. It wasn't a meta shift. It just so happens that what I was talking about coincided with the phenomenon I mentioned, multiple players recording at the same time and you thinking that something has changed. There was no update. That's the reality, guys. Well, Meta doesn't know how to choose creative options. So, uh, Metacritic, I release a bunch of creatives, and Metacritic only uses them for one. Meta doesn't know how to choose. How does he know if that ad isn't working, if he didn't spend any money, guys? Precisely because he didn't spend on the other creatives, because those creatives are bad, because if they were good he would have spent money. Yes, that's more or less the concept, okay? We often have this view that you need to spend money to generate results, but in 90% of cases, the money was n't spent because it probably wasn't necessary, okay? So I propose the following: force the spending then and watch the [ __ ] hit the fan. So if the meta doesn't know how to choose creative, then take all the creatives he hasn't used, okay? You spent a few days, set a budget, paused the creative project that was taking in the most money, and didn't spend on the others, okay? Grab them and force them to spend money on each one of them. Use it and force yourself to spend R$ 100 on each one of them. You'll see that most of it is crap, most of it wo n't produce results. In 90% of cases, the metadata does know how to choose, okay? Sometimes he 'll spend more on a creative with a high CPC, okay? With a cheap CPC, right? Why? A creative with a low CPC has a higher sales potential, but if you've spent your maximum cost per purchase and it has n't generated conversions, then pause because you'll have money for others, okay? Let the algorithm test, let the algorithm run. In 90% of cases, when you force spending, it doesn't take off, it doesn't work. You need to have a very refined operation, okay? To refine, to be able to afford to force expenses, okay? Having to force expenses. You have to be very good at COP. You have to be with some really awesome creative people to be able to pull this off. In most cases, you guys are dealing with mediocre creatives, weak creatives, okay? And you're trying to force spending, you're trying to blame the meta because you didn't spend on your weak creative players . That's the reality, okay? Ah, I test interests and there is a difference. Yes. I put Lucalik in, I sold a ton, and that's it. Poor people only come when I open the doors to the public, man. Placebo, okay? In the medium term, it would be the same as if you didn't test it, okay? So don't test the public, I've said that a long time ago. I think a lot of people don't test anymore, but man, if you test and feel a difference, it's a placebo, because in the medium term it's the same thing. So you may have tested it, and it may have given you good results for a while, but after a while it will stay the same, okay? Because it has the same chance of starting with a cheap result and staying in the average, the chance of falling is the same as starting with an expensive result and returning to the average. So you're not making any difference. You need to focus on doing things that are relevant, that truly make a difference and increase your chances of reducing your cost per outcome, which means being creative and not changing your audience, okay? Ah, Facebook, the social network Facebook only has poor people, we need to change that stance. Actually, Facebook sells and will reduce your cost per purchase, it will help you scale, okay? Your creative approach might be attracting poor people. In 90% of cases, filtering positioning doesn't make a difference , okay? Well, unless it 's really bad, but overall it doesn't change, okay? And that will reduce your cost per purchase. So, leave the positioning open, okay? Your cost per purchase or cost per click. And if you left it open and it still didn't reduce, then it's not Facebook's fault, right? It's the fault of your creatives, your sales funnel, your offer. I tried a lot of creative ideas and none of them worked. That's all a lie, what you're saying and everything else. Dude, you tested a lot of bad creatives, just because you have to have creative diversity doesn't give you permission to have bad creatives. Ultimately , Metaeds is extremely competitive, meritocratic, and driven by money. So, your creatives aren't good if what's presented to the public isn't convincing, okay? There's no point in testing a lot of things. So, accept your defeat, your failure, the fact that you screwed up, and start testing new creative ideas, studying the market better. So, in the end, their creatives were bad, which is why it didn't work out . You can fail, you can be stubborn, test various campaign structures to force it, you can even sell with some of those creatives you ran, but overall it wo n't be a profitable operation that scales, because the problem is in the funnel, the problem is in the COP, the problem is in the product, the problem is that you launched something that has no market demand. So that's what made you not sell. It's not campaign structure, it's not Metaedads. Making changes can help you, but it won't be a miracle cure. So, damn it, there are two options. Trying out a bunch of things to salvage a creative you've already made, or just creating new creatives to increase the chances of success and improve your COP (Cost Per Copy), which is your own thing. What do you choose? Many people choose to keep tinkering because they think it will change big things, but it doesn't, okay? Well, the meta wants you to put in a lot of creative play. That's the reality. I opened an ad account here that I use to run traffic, and we're scaling it up, man. I uploaded a picture of a dress, you know? And dude, Metacritic released this image generation tool that changes the background, right? So, it's the girl in the dress, they changed the model, changed the background, added some effects and everything else. In general, the meta wants you to do this, you know? And he's investing money, creating tools, paying programmers to do this for you, right? Man, the meta suggestions are kind of crap, right? If you look at it, it's kind of crude, it doesn't make sense. But, dude, analyze the reality. The meta wants you to do this. Okay, so the meta suggestions might not be good, right? They might be ugly, they might be strange and all that, but do it actively, create a wider variety of creatives, because Meta is offering you a ton of ad options to upload. He is offering you this option. Why do n't you do it? So, start having more volume, start having here, uh, different creatives. Like, look, do you see what he did here? He put the model who was standing, she changed the scenery and she put her sitting down. Damn, can't I take a picture of the model sitting down in a dress? I can't. So, take the damn picture and upload it to Metaedads, because sometimes the AI on Metaedads does something kind of weird, it'll change the dress, okay? And if it turned out well, sure, use and select, but observe the reality. I've been telling you this for years. When Meta launched Advantage Plus, they were pushing us to stop testing audiences, stop using custom audiences, and only use the open Advantage Plus audience. This is a clear sign. Meta is pushing it too far with this. So he wants you to do it and is probably rewarding you. He's doing the same thing now, okay? In a more forceful way, with these images of, "Oh, he's doing this because he wants to offer you this solution, and he wants you to have a ton of ads with variations for you to test, okay?" So, man, it couldn't be clearer than that. Oh, he changed the scenery and stuff, anyway. What can we expect from the future of the meta? Cara, complete creative solutions for you. So they want to make the creative process better and better. So I showed these suggestions, some good, some bad. The trend is for things to get better and better, and they're even bringing in video solutions. There are plenty of AA, video, UGC, and other companies , so they want to do that for you. Well, there's a trend towards greater stability and predictability in the results because, from the moment you have more advanced machine learning—a technology with, well, greater data processing capacity and a larger volume of data—it can be more assertive in its budget suggestions, results, and predictability. That doesn't mean it's now, right? But the trend is for this feature to improve , okay? Yes, and yet humans will not be replaced. So, everyone puts it in the copy. It's the end of traffic managers, it's the end of ads and everything else, man, it will never be replaced, because as long as there are people producing content on social media, the creatives will also be produced by people, whether it's the person appearing or a person making decisions about the copy, in short, the image, meta will help. Some of the social media content is generated by AI, and eventually, this AI will be used by metadata to produce this content for you, making things easier. did you understand? Because they have more access to data and more money and technology to do so. However, that doesn't mean it will be all of that. Some of the content you consume on Instagram is made by chat department. It's just images, chat room memes, but you still see res, you see stories of people showing their faces, showing their faces and everything. So, as long as Virginias exist, you know, the content won't be 100% AI, okay? And yet you'll still have to use your neurons, your brain, to put together good creatives, good copies, good offers. In fact, this is a major point of differentiation, because if a tool is accessible to the public to change the landscape and do these things, man, to overcome these people who are already novices, have less experience and are already having a variety of ads, you're going to have to have an even greater variety to stand out, to attract attention, to sell more, to win the auction, because the average person is using this here. The average person is clicking and making these micro-changes. You're going to have to make more changes, okay? And follow the only reliable meta channel on YouTube, which is me, guys. I was gone for a while, uh, I was running my paid traffic operations and everything else, I was focused, you know? Because I realized I was being more of an expert, teaching more than doing, and that's not my intention in life, you know? So, I decided to take a break from consulting, stop producing content, and focus on running paid traffic, you know? Damn, I spent my money on paid traffic, selling to cold audiences and all that, but I'm back, I'm getting organized, you know? I need to get organized, to organize the structure here so that I have more time to produce content for you. So, follow this channel because it's a channel of a rational person who observes reality, who lives day-to-day life and doesn't have so many skeletons in their closet that they can't miraculously copy something to convince you of something. Listen, you guys come here, this thing isn't even edited. I just start recording and then I start talking here. There's no script, it's a presentation of live streams that I just typed up. So it's true content. Beauty? If you're looking for the reality, the truth, to scale in Metaads, follow this channel. And if you need help scaling your business with paid traffic, that's fine too! Whether it's your e-commerce operation or your infoproduct operation, apply for the free consultation using the first link in the description, okay? You'll fill out a form; basically, if you're running Facebook Ads and you're not a complete beginner, I'll contact you to analyze your paid traffic for free, okay? Via WhatsApp. So you're going to send me a screenshot, I'll give my opinion, analyze it, and in the end I'll make you a proposal for my consulting services, if it makes sense, okay? I'm going to show you how I can help you, how I can access your account, and help you scale. But until then, the analysis is completely free. So, the first link in the description is for free paid traffic consulting for those who already invest and need to improve their results with Facebook Ads. Thank you very much for your attention. I think this video ended up being ridiculously long, but if you watched it until the end, we're in this together, see you later and bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rodrigueserica10 [1 likes]: Isso não é uma aula , isso é um curso completo 😊
  2. @jeanmalta4161 [1 likes]: Minha interpretação do que aconteceu é que o pessoal ficou vergonha do que tá anunciando errado por tanto tempo usando um monte de ultra segmentação, varias campanhas inúteis e inventou essa mega atualização pra dizer que só agora mudou
  3. @vindraixl2 [1 likes]: Ótimo vídeo. Traz mais conteúdo sobre escala de low ticket, por favor. Eu posso gastar até 2k por dia em anúncio, tenho caixa, mas com esse novo método de colocar tudo na mesma campanha, com os mesmos criativos, eu não consigo escalar mais de 200 reais por dia mantendo o ROI.
Até julho eu gastava mais de 1k por dia porque eu duplicava muito e escalava durante o dia, mas agora não consigo mais porque o Meta não gosta que duplique. Estou gastando só 200 e, se aumento o orçamento, ele estoura meu CPA e não vale a pena... estou bem triste.
  4. @ArchivoRojo-investigación [1 likes]: Por isso é que eu, estava a espera de um vídeo teu sobre o Andromeda, para que fosse bem esclarecido, muito obrigado Gustavo
  5. @mariassooficial: Que bom que vc voltou ❤
  6. @thiagocrespistabile5346: Preciso de uma consultoria para meus anúncios de engajamento para whatsapp.
Faz 20 dias que não esta mais entregando meus vídeos. Já fiz o preenchimento do forms.
  7. @Lunnaecomm: O melhor que tem na minha opinião ❤
  8. @antonionascimento7434: Muito bem explicado,esse video é único.
  9. @williangrigoleto: Ainda tá vendendo aquela consultoria? Acredito que estamos no momento

- Avoid These Money Traps When Running Your Meta Ads: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, what's going on everyone? It's Arfon from Guam Scale and today's video I'm going talk about money traps. So, what are money traps? Just these random suggestions that look very good. They they can sometimes seem like they make logical sense, but ends up happening is that when implementing some of these, you're going to see some negative results on campaigns. So, I want to go through a few different examples and just show you what to look for. So, hopefully when you're creating your ads or setting it up, or if you're having someone on your team set up ads, you can avoid some of these pitfalls. All right, so let's dive right into the ads manager real quick. And I want to start off with just creating a campaign. And I'm going to focus on the two that's most recommended, which is sales and leads. And you're going to see a lot of commonalities here. So let's start start off and we'll walk through it. And these when I'll show you what I mean by money traps. Okay. So let's continue here. One of the first thing is this was this is one right here where it shows you uh just information shows you no longer need to choose a campaign setup. You started you're starting with advantage plus lead campaign with a campaign score of 100 and advantage plus odd. So you're set up for reach your performance potential. Now this right here sounds great like hey they're automatically going to set it set it up for you. Now the problem with that is that they're putting on all these advantage plus so it's all the AI features which may not be great for you if especially when you have a coaching business. It's just often does not perform the way we want to. So uh you could those shows again are okay you have no choice it's it's you know it's already applied. Okay so this is where now you have to go through and then you have to really start making decisions on your ad account that's going to help you to get better performance. Okay. So, you can see here at advantage plus leads are on. And this is for budget, audience, and placements. And some of these are great, especially if you're um if you're an established business, you can use uh the the advantage plus for budget. For audiences, you can too as well. And for placements, you absolutely can. Now, here's the thing. There are some additional things that they don't tell you about. And this is where the problem really comes in. Okay. So, let's dive in first. Let's go through let's comb through all of them, and we'll talk about quite a few. All right. So let's start off for us with advantage plus. Now this is actually a really great feature if and when you get to a point where you've already done a lot of testing. What I say by that is that what this does that Facebook would automatically distribute your budget to the best opportunities across your campaigns. Now what are the best opportunities? Okay, that's the thing. So the way the system works is that they use the lowest bidding option, the lowest cost, right? So, one of one of the options is that they're going to they're going to work on getting you right here. So, highest volume. Let's click on information. You can see so you can do highest volume. There's other bid caps and cost per result goal. So, essentially what this is is to get the highest volume is the lowest cost. Whatever the lowest cost is, they're going to bid. So if you have a broad audience with broad audiences where we just select the we just select the gender the age range and the location and we don't put any interest that audience size has the maximum potential because they can get the cheapest track traffic from that but that may not be the best campaign for you. You may need to actually do some interest based testing. So I often recommend first to start off with not using a campaign budget but using an adset budget. And what asset budget is that? So every adset you create. So every targeting you create you can apply a you can apply your budget to just that targeting. And you can see here it is another checkbox, right? So share some of your budget with other adset. which should have 20% of your ads uh set budget with other adsets within the campaign when it's likely to improve performance. Same thing here as well. Now, when you already have an established campaign running as established ad account, let's say you've been running ads for 3 to 6 months consistently, campaign budget and these options are great because what they'll do is that they have enough data to move around your budget to know who's going to convert and which which audience going to convert, etc. However, at the beginning, if you're just getting started or if you haven't been running ads consistently for a while, you may want to do asset budget first, just purely like turning this off and turn off budget sharing so you can have better control so you can start seeing which messaging is actually resonating for you cuz Facebook is going to distribute the distribute the copy, the graphics, the videos as they please and choose and that's not going to give you back the data you need in order to make the best results of your ad account. Okay, so that's one thing first. Everything else here is totally fine, totally cool. There's nothing else in the campaign section that you have to think about when it comes to leads. So, let's go next to the actual adsets. And there's a few things here that you want to look out for, too, as well. So, right off the bat, conversion location. This is something that's not not AI focused. However, they try they they kind of hide it a little bit. So, where you have multiple conversions. So, it's website instant forms, website and calls, and forms of messenger. And what this does, it helps you get better results, right? Because if you can generate um a lead on a website and a lead through a form, well, they they can be able to get you lower costing results. However, we got to think of the user experience we're trying to create. It's a different user experience sending someone to our website versus sending someone to instant form. And this can become a money trap because again, while you're trying to get the lowest and cheapest cost per lead, you don't really create the best user experience. So, what happens is the conversions can go down. And what happens you get negative results. Okay? So poor results. We're not getting as much conversions. We're not making as much sales. Hence therefore ads don't work right because we're not really getting a return back on our investment. See the website and calls is a forms of messenger. Now these are great for certain business. Website and calls especially for a local business works amazing because it's dual layered. We want we want to get the phone ringing anyways. So this is a great one here. So what you do is you want to go to single and essentially work with some of these right here. And again, think of the the location. So if we're sending someone to a landing page where they get to a thank you page and they go through a sequence of low ticket offers, website, Insta form, we just want to get a name and email address, give a free PDF, a free guide, there's really not a whole, it's just really pure lead generation instant forms. This also gives you a lot of options to really qualify your leads through the form itself. So it's a great option, especially if you're trying to collect more information from that lead so you can get uh better, more robust marketing. Okay, so let's choose website for example because that's been the most common. Of course, you want to choose your pixel. I'm just going to choose mine and conversion event. These are all pretty standard essentially. So there's nothing here that's a money trap. It's just really you have to make sure your your tracking is set up accordingly. Okay, so as we come down here now, a couple things that you want to look for is going to be the audience. Okay, so again, Advantage Plus is turned on and this is something that could also be a really really strong uh money trap. In addition to all these stats and things over here, well, they're giving you a campaign score of 100. So So what they're saying right now is that hey, we don't have no targeting selected. We don't have any ads created or anything. We didn't put any video, image, or copy. And they're saying my campaign is using the recommended setup. We're 100%. Now tell me is that true right now without having any image, any copy, any headline, any website link, nothing. Why would it be 100? Okay, so this is where some of these things where it's like we got to start questioning, okay, well, you're just basing it off of just the setup itself and not really going off of the actual context is where we have to apply the context and see like, okay, does this actually make sense for my brand, for my company, for my coaching business? Otherwise, you're going to set yourself up to lose quite a bit of money. Okay, so this right here as is what we call broad targeting. So, as you can see, the audience is just location is selected. You can see more controls, minimum age, language, all languages, and suggested audience. You're just going to suggest audience reach will reach people beyond these settings when it's likely to improve performance. So, essentially, they're just going to show it to who they think is going to convert the best. Okay. Now, what we recommend is that this is great. You do want to create some sort of broad audience to test. And this works better and better the more the more saturated your ad account is with data. So, the more you advertise, the more leads you generate, the more forms you fill, the more forms you get collected, applications you get collected, calls you get booked, purchases you that happen through your website that's being recorded through the pixel, the better this broad audience is going to work. However, in order to avoid that money trap, what we need to do is further limit the reach of your ads. Now, this sounds like, why would I want to further limit the reach of my ads? This sounds like something you don't want to do. However, it's going to give you a lot better results. So, we're going to click on that. And again, right here, this is another money trap that they give. So, potential in outcome in the current setup to 9.7 lower cost results based on our experiment. Well, I want to see what that is. Okay. So, let's see what they say and see if it applies to us. Okay, so the result and and the result is based on meta analysis run between January 1st to a August 1st, 2024 and it looked at 150 AB studies that included advertisers across industries and regions using midfunnel performance goals. The analysis showed that campaigns that had advantage plus on for audience saw where did it go? Go back saw 9.7 lower median cost results compared to those that did. This this is provided to give you an idea of possible performance. But performance isn't guaranteed. So across multiple industries and regions. Now that's an important one. What regions are we going to be advertising to? What industry do we have? In the coaching industry, a lot of a lot of audiences on Facebook is catered towards e-commerce whereas coaching makes up a much much smaller percentage of the advertising audience. So this is something very important to really be aware of as far as like what what um what what studies was done to give this potential outcome. So this is why I recommend testing it, okay? Because ultimately you're only going to know which is going to give you the best results by testing it. And in my experience, we've seen that with more mature accounts, broad audience works really great. With less mature accounts, you want to be able to split it up and split testing it. Okay, so let's hit switch setup. And now this gives you more control. It allows you to be to be able to choose an actual age range to be able to actually choose a gender. Now with the other option advantage plus what what happens with the broad audience, what happens is that even if you were to choose a gender women or so, they still show it to men. If you chose men, they still show it to women. So you're having advertising spend about 15 20% of budget going outside of the target demographic. And that doesn't make sense especially if you have a coaching program that is specifically for men or women or uh you know you're you're choosing a specific gender which which is going to u be relevant to your program. Okay. So this is these are the reasons why you may need to actually select this is just because if your coaching program has a limitation. Okay. custom audiences, you know, obviously leave these alone, but this right here now is when you put the detail audience, they'll actually show to those detail audience and it's going to allow you to have better control over your targeting and be able to see if there's any specific audience buckets that's converting better. In addition to that, one of the things I like about this is you also get to see how your message is resonating with different audiences. Which copy, which graphic, which video is actually getting the conversions? And it starts letting you know, well, okay, I need to create more like this or not like that or or you know, my hooks need to be stronger, more to the point. My call to action needs to tweak and improve. And we want this data because again, when we're moving into now broad advertising and we already know, hey, my audience responds to X headlines, X type of copy, X type of call to action, and we put in a broad, they can show it to whoever they want to show it to now because we already have that baseline established. So, that's another um uh money trap, I call it, to watch out for. Now, placements. Placements is totally cool. I don't recommend actually adjusting placements. You really don't need to. The only time you really, really will need to is if you're only creating ads that are very limited, unless you're creating ads that only make sense for stories and reals. Like, they're vertical videos. They don't have a place on the news feed. And if if they are automatically cropped into that square that square format, they look bad. That's when you want to do placements. Uh manual placements. Other than that, advantage advantage uh plus on placements is perfectly perfectly fine. Okay. Now, let's move on to the actual ads itself. So again, here is you'll see different um let's see go. There we go. Should I do that? Okay. So, this is where you'll see a few different type of money traps, but um a common one is really essentially the the different changes that the AI does. So, as you set up your account, this can look very different across accounts. So, let's see a lot I've audited a lot of accounts and uh it looks a little different in the UK, it looks a little different in Australia, it looks a little different on laptop, it looks a little different on desktop across the board. And you may have some different options on yours. Facebook at all given times they're running up to like six, seven to 10 different type of tweaks to the user interface that they're always testing to see what's giving better performance, make it user friendly, etc. A couple things to watch out for when you're setting this up. Sometimes where it says browser add-ons, these are selected to where instant form may be selected. So although you're trying to send someone to a website, they have instant form. So no one ever goes to the website. Most people are clicking on an instant form and they're collecting information. We're saying, "Hey, it's reporting leads, but I'm not getting any leads." Very, very common. I see this very often is a big money trap. So, mine has been off and I typically have my mine on none, but a lot of times I'll create a new campaign and it's already on Insta form. Okay. So, that's something there. Uh, I'm just going to give a website so that way it has it there. Perfect. So, my website on there. Now, this is the other one to watch out for when you set up creative. And let's say we're going to do a image. I'm just going to choose a random image. So, a couple things here for branding. These extensions, you want to make sure that some of these are off. You can see a site link is on. And in our experiment, campaigns with site link saw 4.5% lower cost results on Facebook feed. Well, that's great. However, if I'm advertising a specific funnel or a specific um VSSL for instance, I don't need them to put apply now or join today or secure a spot. This is going to be distracting from the actual outcome that I want. So, we want to make sure that we turn this off. Some accounts will have a button here you can just click to turn off. Others you actually have to click edit and then just actually select these ones right here and just again turn it off. You can see apply set off button there too as well. So, just look at your user interface, see what makes sense for yours. It's going to look a little different here and there. Uh, but that's another money trap to watch for because I've seen this inflate click numbers and it looks like the ad is not converting really good. However, it's because these site links are on and we've experimented with site links and they have their purpose in some cases. However, most of the coaching uh for a launch or freebie funnel, etc., it doesn't have a place uh to to to actually increase conversions and make results better. And I'm talking about results like backend results, not just looking at the ads manager and it looks like click to rate is fine. It looks like it looks like my results fine, but then on the back end is a total mess. So I'm speaking on backend experience here. Okay. So next is the media. So let's go ahead and just choose a random image. Next. Make sure all this here. One thing to watch for certain accounts below right here, they may have a little check box. What they'll do is they'll add an AI feature. So, if your account has that, you know, if that makes sense, it makes sense. Most of the time it doesn't cuz what they're doing is they're turning it into like a a video or something and or they're going to crop it a certain way or you're telling them, hey, have free reign to crop it and we don't want that. Horizontal. Always keep that original. Um, this only typically shows up on the desktop news feed, so it's not something to really worry about much. Let's click next. Text. One thing to to watch for here is when you have um uh ad copy. So this is my example. Add copy. They're going to put this right here. And a lot of accounts I've seen these ones are automatically applied. And sometimes it doesn't actually make sense or it doesn't look good or it doesn't it's very generic. Same thing with the headline too as well. for free. Yay. They're also going to give some of these and some accounts is automatically turned on to apply. If you're not paying attention, it's going to give you all this. And what's the big problem with this? Okay, again, in the early phases when you're trying to test messaging, you want to be able to know, hey, which of my messaging is my audience response to? When you have this turned on, Facebook is going to essentially create three, four, and then plus the headlines, another uh eight different ads, eight to 10 different ads al together. And we end up not knowing like which of the they don't actually give us the actual data on which which of these copies convert like that. So what ends up happening is now you actually don't even know which messaging is converting. And because you don't know what you're converting, it doesn't give you any way to continually optimize your future conversions. And that's a really important thing to have in your business because the success of your future ad campaigns depends on being able to have really strong debrief to be able to see what's working, what's not working, get an idea of why it's not working, and where exactly you need to tweak in order to start seeing more improvements uh across your ad your ad account. Okay, so let's look at the next one is image generation. Again, this is okay, especially if you're not a really great great graphic designer and you want to have some different images. Totally cool. However, again, they're really putting all the images together in one, so you're not actually even getting to see how the images would do when they're separated. So, I would recommend actually, you know, if you see a style here you like, pop it in Canva, try to change it around a little bit and then actually run it as a separate ad so you can be able to see what the audience is telling you regarding the results of that um of that actual ad or that tweak that tweak in the graphic, the tweak in the background. Okay, so for this one here, we just do skip and continue. They won't actually um use that. And next one is enhancement. enhancement is another major major major just a just a real big money trap and it's very sneaky because often when we're setting up or we're not privy to what's shown it just shows these right here and it's very quick to just hit done and go next but if you come down here quite a bit they have the overlay and overlay in my experience has not helped to improve any kind of results in any great way when it first came out it was okay and what was happening it was it was giving us a really low CPM cost because it was pushing the ads out so much. However, uh it's an it's an option that's debatable because what they do is they add overlay of the headlines. So, the headlines down here, the headlines up here, and I think it could be it could be a little bit done a little better, but it's a neutral it's a neutral um a neutral enhancement, meaning that I have not seen it like negatively impact ads. I have also not seen positive impact ads. So, it's just some some enhancements. And I personally don't like how it looks, how they stretch it up and the different um branding, font, etc. they use on their own. So I recommend turning that off. Visual touch-up, same thing too as well. I recommend you actually edit your ads and get your ads looking good before actually use video touch-up. It's not really needed to to do that because you don't I mean it's it's really not needed. Music too as well. I would definitely recommend to turn this off. If you listen to play the music that they have right here, you may find that it's really not towards the brand or it conveys a whole different tone compared to what you're trying to do or say or trying to promote. So, it's really not the the the greatest option to use. If you are going to do some sort of video, actually choose your music, you know, pop it in Canva, add the music to the image, and you can actually add a little design flare, etc. to to it. So that way maybe the text are moving or so and actually make a video and use some sort of music that actually makes sense for for what you're offering. Okay, text improvements also same thing right here. So it's adding feature headline using phrases from text option. This is very very big money traffic coaching business. It it totally change it totally changes the messaging behind the ad. And for coaches it's really not a good option. For e-commerce it works really fine because it's you know it's it's short simple text. But when it comes to actual uh coaching business where you're trying to convey a message, I recommend turning that off. I've seen it before with this option on, what they did was that the ad copy was the headline. This overlay was the headline. The headline. So there's three instances of that exact same headline on there. And it was it's like it's just a total it's just a really sucky ad at the end of the day. Add animation if it makes sense. If not, turn it off cuz what they do is they create another ad as well. And again, you want to be able to really have that data as far as like what is actually converting. And a lot of these AI features have not been great for uh for the coaching business. This next one right here, this is the enhanced call to action. Again, this is something that is uh is fine. I have not seen it to where it like drastically improves results, nor has it negatively improved results. typically leave it on by default because what it does it just at the end of the ad it just enhances the call to action. So I think it's a is a good feature. Again I have it's not a money trap. Um but I have not seen it also drive improve performance that much. Okay. So these are the things to watch for. A couple others as well is and I haven't really seen this on the example here is going to be uh there's some popups that come up and it'll tell you to apply certain recommendations. So, okay, here's one. You can get a 11% high a higher clickthrough rate by adding AI generated images. Give um All right. So, so give your ads more creative variety by using our product or lifestyle images to create AI generated ones. So, again, it's it's fine to do. However, like I said, when it comes to actually testing the ad, knowing what's working, what's not working, it it doesn't really give you the insights. It's really just about, hey, we just want to lower or improve the click-through rate or, you know, get get better performance on the actual ads manager, but we're talking about having better performance in the actual funnel, getting the right leads to come in and being able to know what messaging is responding to them and how we can actually convert our audience better. Okay, so this has been helpful to you. Thank you for watching today. Don't forget to like the video, share it with someone, subscribe to as well, and also if you're looking to get better improvements with your ad, if you're looking to have better launches, um get a better return on your ad spend for your evergreen funnels, let's schedule a call. I offer a free complimentary 30, it's a 30 minute scale ads call. And on this call, what we do is work together to look at what you have, create a crystal clearar blueprint for an ad strategy to help you get results, help you see tangible results on the back end. So, it's totally free. Go to rfronos.com/start. It's a short uh questionnaire so I can get some more information about what you're looking to advertise. I'll be able to have a call to share some strategies with you so we can see how we could potentially work together to help you get better results for your ads or to even just help you get results with your ads period. So go to rflos.com/start and schedule a call with me. With that being said, I'll catch you on the next video. Have a great one. Fight.

- Stop Running Meta Ads Like This (6 Common Mistakes): Kind: captions Language: en I have audited hundreds of ad accounts and I keep seeing the same mistakes over and over again. Mistakes that are draining budgets every single month. On this video, I will share six of the most common ones and how to fix them. Let's go. The first mistake is not testing enough creatives. Here's something most brands get wrong. They'll spend weeks crafting the perfect ad, launch it, and then just hope. One ad, one angle, one shot. The reality only about three out of 10 creatives you test actually become winners. That is the normal hit rate. Which means if you're only running two or three at a time, you're barely even in the game. This matters even more now because of Meta's Andromeda's update, which completely changed how ads get delivered. The algorithm no longer asks which person should see this ad. It asks which ad should this person see. is matching specific creatives to specific people in real time. But it can only do that if you give them options to choose from. Meta's own internal data shows around 8 to 10% performance improvement when campaigns are structured with diverse creatives. So if you're only running one adset with one creative and wondering why performance is flat, this is why. You're starving the algorithm. Now, how do you fix that? Aim to test three to five significantly different creatives at a time. Not small tweaks like a different color or a different headline. I'm talking about different formats, different hooks, different angles, videos versus static, testimonials versus product demos. Set aside 20% of your budget specifically for creative testing. Treat it like R&D. Brands that win at Meta Ads in 2026 aren't the ones with the bigger budget. They're the ones that are testing the most. Next mistake is going straight to sales with cold audiences. This one I see all the time, specifically with newer advertisers. They have a great product that sells amazing to their existing audience, loyal customers, family, friends. So, they figure, let me just run a conversion ad to call traffic and scale. The problem is that on Meta, most users aren't actively shopping. Industry data suggests that it takes six to eight touch points before someone becomes a customer. If you skip straight to the heart sale with people who have never heard of you, you're essentially asking someone to marry you after the first date. You need a funnel. Top of the funnel that builds awareness and trust. Middle of the funnel that educates and positions your offer. Then bottom of the funnel conversion ads to people that are already warm. So what is the fix? Dedicate about 20 to 30% of your budget to top and middle of the funnel. Use video content, educational posts, and testimonials to warm your cold audiences before asking for the sale. Your retargeting pool will grow and conversion ads will be significantly better. The next mistake is making decisions way too fast and killing the learning phase. This one comes from a good place. You're watching your campaigns closely. You see something underperforming after a day or two and you panic. You change the budget, swap the targeting, and pause the ad. In doing so, you reset Meta's learning phase and completely sabotage the optimization. Meta's adsets need roughly 50 conversions per week to exit the learning phase. During this phase, your performance is volatile. Cost will fluctuate. Results will be inconsistent. That's normal. But when you make significant changes before the learning phase completes, the algorithm resets. It has to start learning from scratch. and you end up in this cycle of launching, panicking, resetting, launching, panicking, resetting, and never let anything actually optimize. Here, I recommend to give your campaigns 5 to 7 days before making any changes. If you need to adjust the budget, do it in increments of no more than 20%. Patience isn't just a virtue in meta advertising, it's a requirement. The next mistake is a tricky one. You're only relying on the meta pixel. If your entire tracking setup is just a Metapixel, you're flying blind and probably have been for a while. Since Apple's iOS 14.5 update in 2021, a lot of iPhone users have opted out from tracking. That means that the Pixel cannot see what those users are doing on your site, adding ad blockers and privacy policies from Firefox and Safari, and you're looking at a massive gap in your data. The solution is conversion API or Cappy. It sends data directly from your server to Meta's servers, bypassing all of the browser level disruption. Relying only on Metapixel will be the equivalent of counting how many people are walking into your store by watching through a foggy window. Cappy puts a sensor at the door. The fix here is to set up the conversion API alongside with the pixel, not instead of it. Use both together so Meta gets the most complete picture of your conversion data. Most e-commerce platforms such as Shopify and WooCommerce have one-click integration that makes this super straightforward. The next mistake is fighting the algorithm with overtargeting. There was a time when the key to meta ads was hypersp specific targeting. Stack interest. Narrow down your audience. Get laser focused. That playbook is dead. In 2026, Meta's machine learning is better at finding your buyers than you are. When you oversegment your audience, you're actually limiting the algorithm's ability to optimize. You're giving it much less data to work with and less room to find people who are more likely to convert. The brands that are going broader, most times using no interest targeting at all, are getting much better results because the algorithm has enough data to learn. The fix here is super simple. Test broad audiences. Let the algorithm do the heavy lifting for you. Your job in 2026 isn't to outtarget meta. The creative is now your targeting. And the other mistake is choosing the wrong campaign objective. Now, I know what you're thinking. This one sounds very basic, but you'll be shocked how often I see it. A company wants to drive sales and they're running a traffic campaign. Or they want leads and they're optimizing for engagement. Here's the thing about Meta's algorithm. It does exactly what you tell it to do. If you choose traffic, it'll find people to click. If you choose engagement, it'll find people to comment and like, but those aren't necessarily the people that are buying from you. This one is the simplest fix of them all. Match your campaign objective to the actual business outcome you want. Want purchases? Use sales. Want leads? Use leads. Stop telling Meta to find clickers when you want buyers. So, there you have it. Six mistakes that I've seen companies and brands repeat over and over again. And as you could see, none of them are impossible to fix. You just have to be intentional about your setup, your creative, and your measurement. If this video helped you spot anything on your campaigns, drop a comment and let me know which mistake you've been guilty of. I guarantee you're not alone. If you enjoy this video, it will help a lot if you subscribe and like. Thank you and I'll see you on the next

- Copy This Meta Ads Testing Strategy for Better Results: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running meta ads and putting time and money into testing, but your results still aren't improving, there's a good chance you're solving the wrong problem. Most advertisers now understand the importance of testing, [music] but they fail because they're testing the wrong things in the wrong order. Here's what I mean. So, I speak to meta advertisers all the time, literally dozens per week, probably more than 100 every month. And these advertisers are going to range from small advertisers with small budgets all the way up to advertisers spending much larger budgets working with with bigger brands. And it's a common story that I hear of like, "I'm testing. I'm trying things. I'm experimenting, but I'm just not making any progress. My results aren't getting any better." And when I delve a little bit deeper into those advertisers ad accounts, there's two problems, two main issues that I very commonly see. I'll explain what those are and then and then give you the solution to them in case you are suffering with the same issue. So, firstly is that a lot of those advertisers, even though they are testing, they're spending too much time and effort testing marginal variables. And what I mean by that is small things. Things that if your test succeeds, as in the new element that you tested against your old version outperformed the old version. That's basically what testing is, right? I've got new ad creative, I put it in an ad set alongside old ad creative, did it beat the old ad creative? If you test small things, small variations on what you were previously doing, or stuff that doesn't move the needle as much. We can think of primary text variations, even headlines, call to action buttons, lots of different elements, a background color in an image ad. Those are just some examples. There are There are many others. Even if that test succeeds, it's just not going to move the needle that much. You might see a small percentage improvement in results. Was it worth it? In many cases, no. And that's not to say don't test, it's to say test other things. I'm going to give you a specific order for for what I'd recommend uh when it comes to testing in a minute. We all only have so much time, so much money, so much mental bandwidth to put into testing experimentation. I would much rather work on the big things that can really move the needle if they work out as opposed to the small things where if they either fail or work, doesn't make a huge amount difference either way. Very often as part of my mentorship program, by the way, link in the video description in case you're interested, I will be speaking to a business owner or you know, maybe a marketing manager within the company running ads and they will ask me a question of should I go with option A or option B? And very often I will tell them, "I don't think it matters." Now, of course, there are scenarios where it does matter, but often I will tell them, "I don't think that matters. Instead, you should focus on this other thing because this other thing could get you a doubling in your return on ad spend. What you're talking about here in between A and B as something that you've decided is important might be a 10% difference in performance at most. Let's use our limited resources on the things that can can really matter. Now, a lot of the time when a business is just testing those small marginal variables, those little things, it's because that's within their comfort zone. They don't feel like they have the capacity or the experience to go and do something completely different. It's easy to test different copy variations on an ad, just change the text overlay. It's easy to swap out the background image on your, you know, product images that you're using as part of your ad creative. It might be much more difficult for some advertisers, some business owners to go, "You know what? We've only been operating with statics. We're going to go ahead and make video." Might be that you have to develop that skill as someone on camera or you need to work with people that have skills in the video editing arena or people to be on camera for you. That's going to require additional cost outlay, which again might be outside of your comfort zone. But those are the sorts of moves, we haven't tried that ad format before, that can make a massive difference um if done well. I've had many scenarios where I've recommended businesses work with um influencers or get UGC ads made. And they're like, "That's not really the style of how we've done things before. We're a bit nervous about how that might position our brand." Often, if someone's wanting significantly improved in results, and I will have that conversation and they'll say, "Ah, but we're not really sure about doing that. It's quite different to what we've done before." My answer is, "Well, yeah. It's supposed to be quite different to what you've done before. If you want significantly different results than what you're currently getting what you've got before, you are going to need to do something significantly different. So, I think getting out of comfort zone is a big one, being willing to experiment with new tools, and and take a risk. And I think that this leads into the the second point around testing and something that advertisers need to be aware of cuz it's really, really important. Most tests fail. So, most of the time when you're introducing a new ad or a new element, it's not going to perform as well as your existing. And the reason why is because the existing ad that is still alive and still running is probably a good performer for your business. Now, you might say, "Oh, it's not generating a 10x return on ad spend or whatever." Yes, but relative to the other stuff that you've produced, it's probably a good performer. That's why it's still on. The ads that didn't perform as well, you probably turned those off a long time ago, depending on how long you've been you've been running ads, right? So, anytime you create something new to test against your best performers, most likely it's not going to perform as well as your best performers. And by introducing the new ad, budget is going to be spent on those. If they don't spend as efficiently as in they don't get as high a return on ad spend, as good a cost per conversion, your overall result, when it comes to return on ad spend, cost per conversion, across that ad set, that campaign, your whole ad account, is going to decrease whilst the test is running. And a lot of Meta advertisers, particularly ones that are spending a huge amount of time in their ad account and they're also the owner of the business, they get very emotionally invested in the short-term results that their Facebook and Instagram ads are generating. I'm sure there are people who are watching this video who will be like, "Yep, yep, that's me." And they're checking the results constantly, and it's really important to them. It might be their most important customer acquisition channel, sometimes even their only customer acquisition channel. And it's easy to get wrapped up in how I feel about my business is dictated by the return on ad spend number this morning, yesterday. I've I've seen that hundreds, if not thousands, of times people be in that scenario. That sets you up to fail when it comes to testing in a number of different ways. So, it means that you could become reluctant to test in the first place. So, maybe you go through a few rounds of testing, but then you're like, "Oh, every time I test it seems to get worse results, so I'm just going to not." Because of the situation just described, most tests cause a temporary drop in performance. And it might mean that you're far less willing to take big swings like I've just talked about, and and go for things that are riskier. If you do something really different to what you are currently doing from say an ad creative standpoint, it's likely to produce really different results. That could be significantly worse or significantly better than what you're currently getting. Whereas, if you just test those marginal little things, likely it's not going to make a huge difference either way. You're going to get slightly worse, slightly better, the same result. It feels safer. And if you are too emotionally invested in what was my return on ad spend yesterday, what's my return on ad spend so far today, you could be reluctant to to make those those gambles. And all advertising to some extent is a gamble. We try and, you know, have house odds and and weight it in our favor and do all these things to help improve results, but there's always an element of we're going to throw this out there, and we're going to see how this performs. The other problem that that causes when it comes to testing is not giving things long enough. So, you run a test, you see performance drop off, you're like, "Oh, I can't have a drop in ROAS. I can't cope with that." And then you kill the test. You don't give it enough time to fully know how it's going to perform and how things are are going to shape out. If you make sure it got through the learning phase and give that a proper crack in comparison to what you're comparing it to. Because the big upside to consistent testing is if we do something really different to what we're currently doing, there is a chance. Now, it's a small percentage chance for each new test you run, but there is a chance that we find something that massively outperforms what we're currently doing. And you're only going to find that out if you take that risk. So, the way to think about it in terms of testing is almost like how a venture capital firm would think about investing. They're going to invest small amounts of money in lots of different startups, most of which are going to fail, but they know that the one that does succeed is going to pay for all the failures 100 times over. Exactly the same applies to testing. We're going to test lots of different things. A lot of them aren't going to work out. We're going to get worse results than our control, our existing ad. But, if we do try that UGC ad as an example, and our average return on ad spend in our ad account from Statics is a 2.3, and this UGC ad absolutely crushes it and gets a 5.7, that's a complete game changer. It was actually worth testing a load of ads that were coming in at a 1.9 and a 1.2 and didn't look like working at all in order to find that one cuz then, once you find the winner, you can spend so much more on that that it covers all the failed experiments 100 times over. Okay, so what's the solution to these problems? So, let me give you a a testing strategy and a framework that actually works. So, we're going to test the big things first. Already talked about that. The first thing we're going to test, the most important thing, is the offer. Offer being not just your product or service, but everything that comes with it. Things like guarantees. If you can add a guarantee of results to a service, for example, that's a massive way to offer offer the same service, but massively improve the offer. Guaranteed to achieve a certain result or they get their money back. Guaranteed to achieve a certain result or you will keep working with them for free until they achieve it. Um some sort of other guarantee involved. It's going to very much depend on on your business, the products and services that you offer, but a guarantee could be part of it. Urgency, scarcity. Do they need to buy before the end of the month, otherwise this particular thing is no longer available. Have you only got three slots left to work with you as a personal trainer. You know, I'm just coming up with examples here of of ways to think about offers and how you improve them. Could be discounts, buy one get one free, all sorts of different things, guaranteed installation times. Loads of different ways to to improve an offer. And for more information on that, by the way, my recommendation would be Alex Hormozi's 100 Billion Dollar Offers book. Absolutely fantastic. It's like a foundational educational resource. It's just brilliant for marketers, for meta advertisers, um to help you improve your offer. Cuz a lot of people think, "Well, my offer is just the product service that I sell. Maybe I put in a discount." You're like, "No, no, no. There's a lot more to it than that." And that book will will walk you through it. But the offer is the single most important part. You can have a poor campaign, ad creative can be average, but if the offer's good enough, it can work. The vice versa is not true. A really good campaign is not going to make up for a bad offer. And when I look at ad campaigns that are just generating no leads, no sales, it's nearly always an offer problem. That's the most common issue, and that's what you you need to fix first. We need to get an offer and test different offers until we find one that people are interested in, and you'll see that because that's when you'll generate leads and sales. And we need those leads and sales to then be able to test the other things because we need to assess the results of those other things based on return on ad spend or cost per lead or cost per sale. Um and we need those events to be happening in order to be able to make those to to run those future tests on different things. The next thing we test is going to be angle. So, angle refers to the main reason why someone might be interested in buying your product or service. Now, most products and services have multiple angles, and what I'd recommend you do is not try and include multiple angles within any one ad. So, you want to separate those out for testing purposes. That could be one ad per angle or a few different ads per angle, and then you run those and you quickly see, "Okay, people are most interested in this angle versus another one." So, let me give you an example. Let me give you an example of our our done-for-you Facebook advertising services, right? As as as an agency. Why might, let's say, a business owner Obviously, we work with like marketing managers within corporations, but let's use the example of a business owner. Why might And this is, by the way, just a side note, is why it's so important to know the specific customer avatar you're going after. Why might a business owner be interested in buying our Facebook ads done-for-you services? Okay? It might be that they want to improve their return on ad spend. So, they want better results. Pretty obvious angle. It might be that they want to scale, don't feel like they have the expertise or the capacity to do so. So, maybe they're not actually interested in improving ROAS, but they just want to maintain ROAS while spending a lot more and building a large customer base. And it might be that they want to save time. If they're managing their own ads, it's taking up more and more of their time. They have other things to focus on their business. That's another potential angle. And it might be to alleviate anxiety and overcome imposter syndrome. This is common if a business owner has, say, started really small, it's gone well, they've worked it out, they've scaled up to a point where they're now spending a good amount of money every month, and they're thinking, "I don't have the expertise for this. I'd rather hire a professional agency to handle this for me." Another example could be status. Now, the way that would work with our service is, let's say, a business owner had a bunch of other business owner friends that were all sort of into marketing, and they knew I was. Well, that person, if they hire our Facebook ads agency, could then go to their mates and say, "Oh, I've just hired Ben Heath's Facebook ads agency to run my Facebook ads for me." And that would provide status, assuming the people they're saying that to know who I am, which I appreciate will be not that many business owners, but will apply to some who who operate within this within this community. So, those are five different angles. So, we'd create different ads and work out which one is most important, and each ad would just focus on the one, and where do we get the better response rates? Now, having done those tests, different people obviously respond to different ones, but the single most important is improving results. It's return on ad spend. So, I know that out of those five different angles I just listed for our done-for-you Facebook ad services, return on ad spend is the most important. So, a lot of our marketing is return on ad spend led. So, we have screenshots and testimonials quoting improvement in return on ad spend numbers throughout our marketing. We demonstrate on my Instagram stories. You can follow me on Instagram to to see them. Um we do what we call result of the days um multiple times per week, right? So, we'll take a screenshot from a client ad account and show what performance is like, often with before and afters and things like that. So, because we've done the testing, we know that's important for our service, therefore that's the angle that we lead with. There's going to be different ones depending on different businesses. Um some of those ones I mentioned are going to apply across the board. Other ones could be value, could be saving. Um e- either it's cheap in comparison to alternatives, or it's just good value for what it is. It could be you've got better products and features than alternative competitors. Like, really think about why would someone want to buy ours instead of someone else's, and list out those angles, and then go ahead and test those. Once you've got an idea of which angles uh perform best, then you would want to move on to different styles. And this is one that really trips people up, advertiser, because they often get comfortable with a particular style of ad, and trying to get them to create other styles is really difficult. I'm not necessarily talking about format here. I know I kind of alluded to that earlier on in the video, but really with Andromeda, we kind of want multiple ad formats running simultaneously all the time. So, within an ad set, you're going to have statics and carousels and videos, for example, because different ones are going to speak to different people. Meta's also being really smart nowadays in terms of they might use your video ads kind of in a top-of-funnel capacity to generate awareness. You can get more explaining done in a video, but then retarget when someone's watched that video with the statics because it's just really quick and easy and they can see it and they go, "Yeah, yeah, no, I'm actually interested in that. I'm going to go ahead and check it out, buy it, become a lead, etc." Metal do all that within one asset. Don't need to have different campaign stages all within one asset. I've got other videos um talking about that. So, I'm not saying it's all about ad format here. I'm talking really about um styles of creative. This is going to apply more to to video ads. And if you aren't making video ads, definitely start. Definitely test that. If you are making video ads, good chance you're probably making a type of video ad, maybe two, and you're missing out on the others. So, what could you create instead? Obviously, there's UGC. I would separate that from influencer. Those to me would be two different styles. So, UGC, user-generated content, I'm sure you're familiar with that type of ad creative. Um that person doesn't necessarily have influence or a following. You can create very similar type of um ad creative using an influencer that is typically going to be more difficult to get, more expensive to get cuz you have to pay the influencer, but has more clout cuz it has more scroll-stopping power. People recognize the influencer and their recommendation carries weight. So, two different styles there. You could have founder-led videos. It's fairly self-explanatory what that's going to be. You could have demonstration videos on the product or service side. So, literally showing people, "This is how our products work." or "How we make our products." "This is how our service works." or or the end result. Um if you think about businesses that are portfolio-based, they often do really well with demonstration-based videos. You can think of like an interior designer, for example. You've got client testimonial videos. So, um people talking about how fantastic a certain thing is. You can have client testimonial videos that feature multiple client testimonials. You can mix and match these. So, you could have like a founder-led video that ends in a client testimonial or a few. You could weave a client testimonial into demonstration. But just I wanted to give that list there of the obvious categories that we think of um when we're going through, "Okay, have we tested these different styles?" You can also do things like um um, animation, animated type videos. Again, a totally different style. Won't work for a lot of businesses, will work really well for some. So, really have a think about that and try and get out of your comfort zone and test different options. Again, you might be surprised by which style works best. And then assuming you are using video ads, which I hope you will be, um, next thing we would look to test would be hooks. So, hook being the opening line and scene of a video ad, first few seconds. Changing that is one of the highest leverage activities, or should I say, testing that is one of the highest leverage activities you could do as a Meta advertiser. Because the hook is what convinces people to either actually watch it or not. And if they don't watch it, they don't hear about what it is that you're advertising, they aren't going to take the action you want them to take. If they do decide to watch it because of the hook, make each difference. And you can see certain ads that have a hook rate of, let's say, 8%. So, 8% of people made it past the first 3 seconds. You change out that hook and all of a sudden the hook rate is 33% and just think about how many more people the same amount of people, you know, I'd been put in front of, but that what's that going to eat? Just over four times more people are actually hearing about your thing. It's a huge leverage in the hook rate and that'll be something we look to test. There's too much fear, quick side note, about Andromeda and not being able to test, um, different hooks because Andromeda will see the ads as the same thing. I'll show you how to get around that in a second, but don't worry about that. Those are the most important things to test. After that, if we want to, and often we won't get to that cuz I'd rather keep testing those big things, then, but it but if we really feel like we've got those nailed, then we will start to testing smaller variables like primary text, headlines, um, small tweaks to static images like background colors at CTA buttons, um, and things along those lines. So, I mentioned a second ago about testing different hooks and Andromeda and the fears that you won't be able to do that cuz Andromeda post-Andromeda Meta will see ads with different hooks as the same ad and only enter one into the auction, which can happen. Here's how you get around that. So, I'm in an example Meta ad account, just going to create a quick example sales campaign and I'm just going to jump to the ad level. And when you own the ad level, if you scroll down beneath this ad creative section, you've got this setup test and creative testing option. So, if you go ahead and click on that, you can test two to five different ads. So, let's go ahead and put in five. Uh how decide how much of your daily budget, so how much of the budget from within this ad set you want to allocate to this test. This is defaulted to £11.89. I don't know why out of a £25 a day daily budget within this ad set, that's fine. How long should you run the test? 7 days, etc. Just a very quick thing on creative testing. Uh make sure you change how do you want to compare performance from cost per post engagement to whatever it is you're optimizing for. So, it could be for example cost per lead. Um this is a sales campaign, so it'd actually be cost per purchase or return on ad spend, but you know, make sure it's just the end thing that you want to to optimize for. I've made this change. Meta's saying that uh we might not be able to do this, so you might need to extend your time frame or spend more money because we might not generate enough leads to know, particularly with five different running. So, you can adjust that accordingly. But, this is how you do it cuz what Meta will do is part of this creative testing tool, they will separate out segments of your audience, only put the different variations in front of that segment, so there's no overlap, and give you really good ideas on what performs well. And this gets past the whole Meta's looking at these two different ads with different hooks and seeing them as the same ads and only giving one of them ad spend, only entering one of them into the ad auction, well, you're going to force that to not happen. If you click confirm on this, um then you can see, look, we've got the five different ads here underneath the new sales ad with the you can tell it's a test cuz you've got that little signal there. And then uh yeah, so you then just go ahead into each ad and change up the ad creative and create those ads with the separate elements. Then you run your test, and that's how you get round that. In fact, we will use this creative testing tool for a lot of different testing in order to really get to understand, okay, this performs better than this, which is the big part of testing. And if you use this, you have more control as an advertiser to get those answers and to prove results over time. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyros has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated 96,000 pounds. But 58,000 pounds of that was not reported by Meta. So, if I was just looking at my data within my Meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality this campaign is doing a lot, lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So, most of our product services have a recurring billing element. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what did we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Now, one thing I want to quickly bring back up cuz I mentioned it briefly, but I want to emphasize how important it is, is using influencers in your ad creative. That is one of the most common recommendations I will make to Meta advertisers. It is also probably the single recommendation that is ignored the most. And it's not ignored because people don't think it'll work. It's ignored because it's difficult to do. Going back to the beginning of the video, it's very much outside of people's comfort zone. What I'm going to try and hire influencers to create video ads for me to promote my stuff? The fact that it's difficult to do is part of the reason why your competitors aren't doing it, which A is great because if you can make yourself do it, then you gain massive competitive advantage. But also, there is nothing that I see repeatedly improve Meta ad results more than that. Than hiring influencers to produce video ads. Can be statics as well, but mostly it's going to be video ads that you can run as partnership ads, so it comes from both you and the creator is in the the from from the Facebook page, Instagram accounts, etc. Two main reasons for that. If that person has influence over your target market, which is exactly what you want, they have a following, the hook rate is likely to be way higher, as in people actually stop and watch the video as opposed to just scrolling past it at a much higher percentage, which is we've already talked about is really important to getting someone to actually find out about what it is you do and then convert. So, the hook rate is much much higher. But also, their recommendation then carries weight. If someone who has influence over an audience says, "Oh, by the way, I love this product. I would recommend you buy it." The conversion rate from views to clicks, then clicks to conversions, potentially even repeat purchases if you keep doing it, all of that is much higher. And when you're hiring an influencer, you also circumnavigate some of the other potential issues you might have with creating video ads because, right, the influencer is going to be good on camera. That's why they're an influencer. So, that box is ticked. Um you haven't got to go out and hire videographers, work out editing, production. They're going to handle all that for you. So, yes, it's going to cost a bit of money, not as much in many cases as most people think. You can absolutely start small with micro influencers and then look to to scale up. But it is it's as close to a Meta ad cheat code as you can get. And I spend a lot of time going to like Meta events and meeting with other agency people. And it's one of the two things that consistently comes up as like, "We are pushing more and more influencers and partnership ads for our clients and it's just working so well." Now, coming back to influencers, you might be like, "Okay, yeah, Ben, I get it. I should be working with influencers, but how do I get started?" Well, I'd recommend you go ahead and check out this video cuz in that video I walk you through the creator marketplace and how to use it. It's a free tool that Meta provides, and so no cost required. And in my experience, one of the best ways to find creators and influencers to promote your stuff. There's like 1.5 million plus creators growing all the time. You can search by category, etc., etc. Go ahead and give this a watch. That's the best way to get started.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sajadbarbra [1 likes]: What is the perfect structure please keep short and tell too much redundant
  2. @snslime1 [1 likes]: Appreciate all the sauce Ben you've been a great help. Quick question though, I’ve got 1 ad set with 3 ads, but Meta is putting all the budget into just one. The other two actually have solid metrics too, just no spend. What’s the best way to test properly in this case? Add new creatives into the same ad set, utilize the creative testing, or use a separate testing campaign (ABO/creative testing) so everything gets spend? Feels like I’m not really testing if Meta just picks one right away.
  3. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  4. @VincentHetherington-y7x: Hi Ben, I've tried the creative testing tool feature, but there's a problem: a campaign can only create a maximum of 7 ads using the creative testing tool once. However, I need to test 12 videos, so I duplicated the 7 ad variations created using the creative testing tool. Are these duplicated ad variations considered creative testing tools?
  5. @aichaboutiba9361: Should we analyze different angles at the same in the same testing compagn? Or one by one ?
  6. @MissJesska17: When you have your main ad and the five tests below, will the main ad serve at all, or is it just the tests that will get impressions?
  7. @mw9714: How would this work with your one campaign structure?
  8. @Destinspires: Hey Ben! I just started doing meta campaigns. I see you have an inner circle. Can I get a 1:1 call with you? In the inner circle would I be able to talk to you and screen share with you for some help and advice?
  9. @MysteryBox_hd: fucking hell... the value in this video exists but to get there through all the yapping and fluff is borderline crime against humanity.... I'm better off copying transcript and asking claude to summarize this for me instead of sinking 25 minutes for info that could be presented in 5
  10. @MrSukhumvit71: You really need to stop promoting Holo, total load of garbage with fake reviews on Trustpilot, which is where you go when you find you've been caught up in a subscription scam like so many others.
  11. @Mallo-Minted: i tested this method but it didn’t work for me
  12. @annaweltmt: Hey Ben! Thank you for your videos, it's so helpful. What would you suggest to do in cases where I have 1 campaign - 1 adset - budget scaled to $1000 daily. Then cost per lead getting above the target with the time and we can't afford it. If I add new ads to the existing adset it doesn't receive any impressions. Then as I understood correctly it doesn't make sense to create new adset either not to compete with the main one. What is the right set up? Add new ads to performing adset and pause ads with a lot of leads and high CPL or create new testing adset on small budget?
  13. @Cristiano-d3q1w: ehi sam, first thank you for the value that you drop costantly. Second thing, what about ''double down on what's working''? i have a dropshipping business and usually if (example) static images work for me, i just double down on them, maybe i change the background or the colour of the variation of the product, and usually this works very good. Should i also try to make a completely different creatives?
  14. @Zita-Marissa: Great video—I'm learning a lot!

When it comes to using Dynamic Creative at the ad set level, alongside what’s covered in the video about Creative Testing at the ad level—

Should we always include multiple versions of body copy, headlines, and images when launching a brand-new ad to test different variations? With Dynamic Creative, does Meta automatically mix and match these elements based on user behavior?

Once an ad performs well, is that when we transition to using the Creative Testing tool to identify the top-performing combinations and then run those separately? I think I am a bit confused on when (and IF) to use the Dynamic Creative vs. Creative Testing tool.

And when running creative testing, would you recommend placing these test ads in a new ad set, or keeping everything within the same ad set?
  15. @user-gj3rn6tp8f: Hey Ben, this only works if you don't have any cost-per-results goals within the ad set. How do you recommend businesses scale testing if they have strict CPR goals?
  16. @sajadbarbra: Still not getting properly structured instead of the  theory and some good editing . Very odd 😊
  17. @قناةالنورللإنتاجالدعوي: 🥰
  18. @ChrisDamara: Hey Ben, I don't seem to have 'creative testing' section within my ad. Am I missing something obvious? 

Btw, I recently started using Meta Ads with your guidance and it's been working wonders for my business. Thanks for your awesome videos and for constantly being up-to-date👏
  19. @MrChanroth007: Thank for your sharing
  20. @قناةالنورللإنتاجالدعوي: 🥰🥰

- Ep 289: Three quick Meta Ads test to lower your cost per action (by as much as 46%!!!) (AKNF): Kind: captions Language: en the big test was actually adding a URL to the ad copy of an ad so right out the gate one of the biggest Hang-Ups in this is that when you preview the ad on Instagram you'll notice it doesn't hyperlink it like it does on Facebook so there's a bit of a difference there so we'd expect the Facebook Brands to perform better we pushed quite a bit of spend through this test across multiple Brands we standardized a lot of variables and uh yeah we bought every brand saw a lift that was included in the test and the lift varied between 10 and 50 percent and the lift being on the road as so pretty big impact there which to be honest I I probably wouldn't have expected myself there's no never a guarantee that something like this will improve performance for your brand but based on this data it's definitely an interesting test to try foreign say goodbye to operational constraints and skew demand predictions printful Enterprise is here to take all of that off your plate with white label on-demand production reach your Global customer base with more cost efficiency than ever and offer them a wide range of Premium quality products from apparel to home decor printful will fulfill pack and ship orders all under your brand team up with a player who will always be dedicated to your growth team up with printful Enterprise we did at d2c and we've never looked back learn more at printful.com Enterprise that's printful.com Enterprise join the team it's all killer no filler the d2c podcast I'm Eric Dick and today we are here with Cam and Taylor our socials technical director at Pilot House we have something really exciting to talk about today we've uh we talk about testing all the time on the all killer no filler show and on the DDC podcast and we have some great results from from the way that we've been testing at Pilot House for a number of our clients and let's start to explain uh what pods are and then go into what pod testing is yeah so pods are a structure within the Socialist Department it also lives in some of our other departments but within the socials Department it is essentially groups of uh brands or accounts that then work underneath uh pod lead who adds extra resource for support and overseeing and um and things like that but the bigger idea behind the Pod is that it's a collective group that meets on a weekly basis no matter you might work on different brands you have some crossover on Brands because we have multiple media buyers and content managers that work together on them but the whole idea is just it creates a space for deep shared knowledge the ability to Pivot and then move and support other other projects happening within the Pod and uh and share knowledge and transfer and then a bit of competition between pods as well healthy competition looking at a Gathering different learnings and approaching things in different ways at times to benefit I love it it really leans into the strength of the agency model you know a lot of Brands want to build in-house but they worry about being siled you can see how you know as a company grows bigger you could you could get siled even in a company so I think it's pretty awesome to have this sort of like cross collaboration among among team members in these pods so that's pretty sweet so then what is POD testing yeah support testing is an initiative that we've rolled out that ultimately aims to verify hypotheses that we have as we're going through and learning from each brand we work with and building our processes to understand hey is this question that we have actually true and how do we get statistical significance within a pretty reasonable window of time a short window to understand the impact and then is it something that could benefit more Brands we're working with by sharing that knowledge about whatever that test result is so it's it's a really powerful way of verifying questions that us our clients and the greater broader industry might have about things well let's get right into it I know we've got some exciting results here so what what was the first hypothesis that you wanted to test yes the first one that we tested was a little bit more of a technical content type one so a lot of brands are probably familiar with whitelisting and dark posting historically before Meda added the Branded content checkbox or feature that you can click at the ad level to basically set it so that when you're tagging a partner a partner's page or profile it'll say brand in partnership with them at the top before that it was you typically have to do something like get access to their page and profile and then run the ad out of that tag the business in the ad copy somewhere something like that and and run it a little bit more more like that so you wouldn't see the Brand's name per say in the very top of the profile you'd see that that influencers profile so it's basically meant that now there are technically two ways of doing that um generally speaking we wanted to see like hey which which performs better than newer or the old I will note that the the Branded content one is it is like an approved confirmed process at meta I joined a webinar last year for for agency partners where they did speak to a basically a benefit being in place like a benefit to traffic by opting into that that service based on priorities my understanding was priorities that they had for it so that we knew that there was some sort of unknown kind of benefit from running it but we'd seen some different results between that and the the older style which is uh yes it's they've kind of generally been moving away from But ultimately we pushed elastic tests between what a platform says and what the media buyers want or what the media buyers was classic classic Crux exactly yeah you could kind of get into the the Branded versus Scrappy type approach in this that could be another way to frame it but basically we took a look um we tested it across multiple Brands where uh the brands were had been had been kind of opted into running this this style and um yeah we ended up seeing generally speaking the the Branded content feature looked stronger in Broad more top of funnel type audiences and the the kind of old old way of white listing looked stronger in the retargeting audiences which was interesting and kind of aligned to probably what our hypothesis would be you gain some sort of traffic benefit you're generating um more awareness at the top of funnel and then at the bottom of funnel you want to lean into those um that that other perspective of uh the contents so the native experience too versus I feel like you'd want to leverage as much uh you know awareness as you can top of funnel so you'd want to have both those Brands out there potentially but then bottom of funnel you're looking for that like native experience that's like designed to convert which the old style of dark posting represents from from a user's experience perspective is like really the Crux of the differences between the two is like Brand X influencer versus just influencer like that really is the biggest user like the difference for the user yeah interesting very cool so what's our what's our uh hypothesis then externally is that we should be yeah I guess lean into creative that uses the Branded content option top of funnel and uh if you're able to go into dark posting lower lower funnel yeah it's it's one of those again like it it kind of falls into it it depends and you should you should test everything that you're comfortable with um and and see an opportunity with we see an opportunity to test both in most cases so it's uh it's worth seeing what works best for your brand because it it uh it can differ but both both show potential in different parts of the funnel and we're still breaking out campaigns by top of funnel bottom of funnel content generally or is it sort of all in one campaign these days it's it's moving in yeah it's it's interesting I would say it's it's pretty fluid um it's kind of how I would explain it like there's a huge Advantage Plus wave um which kind of breaks down those barriers quite a bit so it's it's a bit of both um and it again kind of depends too on like are you using CBO are you using um there's lots of potential for different test opportunities here based on this discussion but um it's a mix of both but generally speaking if you're breaking it out by the part of the funnel gives you more control and gives you the opportunity to lean into some uh potential benefits like what we saw from from this test um in our case so yeah very cool are we going into the big one next there's one of these results that was a big time needle mover that everyone who listens to this podcast should be testing could be an industry sensation not to over hype it no pressure this one's pretty big and honestly it had kind of mixed opinions within uh our group of media buyers like we we all kind of thought differently like some people love it some people you know see some of the flaws in in this format but the big test was actually running uh adding a URL to the ad copy of an ad so we did test top of AD copy versus bottom but the big test was really like including a URL and not including a URL so right out the gate one of the biggest Hang-Ups in this is that when you preview the ad on again kind of depending on the brand we thought hey like some Brands they see better performance on Instagram sometimes something better on Facebook this might be interesting we'd expect the Facebook Brands to perform better we pushed quite a bit of spend through this test across multiple Brands um we standardized a lot of variables so we did make sure that each brand was running uh their top ad copy with this CTF URL like the CTA URL basically in the first three lines so you can see the URL above the fold and then there was a version where the URL was in the last line um so it was either under the folder at the very end statement there um ran the same audiences ran them in the same campaign structure and uh yeah we on every brand saw a lift that was included in the test um and the lift varied between 10 and 50 percent and the lift being on the road as uh click based robust so um pretty big impact there which to be honest I I probably wouldn't have expected myself from this test but um I think what it you know there's no never a guarantee that something like this will improve performance for your brand but it's again based on this data it's definitely an interesting test to try pretty easy low lift and then what's it like what's the easiest example it would be add for brand a and in the copy you're talking about product a and it would be like here's a link to the product page yeah most of our cases we ran links to honestly just the home page of the brand again it kind of depends on what you want to do like you can wrap it using a shortener you can run to the home page you can make it look very branded and feel very nice and like elegant as well which some of our Brands saw success doing that um so there's a lot of different ways of doing it but yeah that was the way that we we typically did it there and it was really interesting too like one of our brands that we tested it on um they're pretty Instagram dominant and so you think okay maybe it's it's not going to perform they saw 46 decrease to CPA from the ads with the URL in it and it looked I looked through all the metrics a lot of it looked pretty comparable it didn't look like um any sort of strange outlier there we did generally see a little bit of a shift towards spend on Facebook where and then it was performing better than some of the average Facebook performance so um it's it potentially signaled just an opportunity to take some of that creative and apply it to a segment that it likely wasn't reaching before which was really interesting did it matter where did it matter where the I was gonna ask too yeah yeah so it it was a little bit brand to Brand on that one this is why I think it's worth testing one brand saw a 10 decrease to CPA by including it at the bottom um the URL at the top though ended up doubling their CPA so that's that's an interesting takeaway um another one saw it do better by placing it at the top so it's it's interesting if that was a little bit more mixed generally speaking though the the addition of a URL did outperform not having one where did the 46 one uh the 46 decrease in CPA would you know if that was at the top or bottom yeah that one was at the bottom so at the bottom it leans it leans bottom but yeah generally speaking it's it's worth checking both because there were cases of the tall out performing too can you ever throw it in there on the headline is are there any other places you could just be testing the power of the URL it's a good question we didn't try that in this test I mean hey it's it's this is one of those tests that I think it's worth getting creative with exactly as you said like try try and see how that how that goes I mean there is usually like a little domain uh call out above that headline space but you could probably get creative with how you how you uh how you wrap it or anything like that very cool well test this is so I think it's something we talked about actually one of the very first d2c podcasts one of the very first all killer no failures we talked about adding your url to your ad copy uh and it's I know it's something we've been doing as a company ever since and I'm sure lots of our listeners have as well but it's cool to actually have majorly statistically statistically significant data can you speak at all about like what were what sort of scales these tests are being run at in order to get statistically significant data yeah like I can say that this test ran at over five figures of spend so like we did put a decent amount behind it we're always working to try to balance speed and relevance with that scale um so that test specifically four brands at more than five figures of spend total and each are General qualifications for each one is we want multiple Brands we want to make sure it's actually going to be relevant and you you feel like you can trust the Insight enough to test it and and see value from it um but that that's a rough kind of outline of what our structure is at this point all right what's the we have one more uh podcast that we're going to cover today what what was your hypothesis about this one yeah so the third podcast that we pushed a decent amount of budget through again another five figure plus spend with multiple Brands was a more of like a short form versus midform copy test where cell a looked at pretty simple to the point and selfie looked at adding a lot more adjectives to it so really trying to share as much as you can and help someone feel and experience the product as they're reading it versus a more direct like okay I can get a sense of what that experience might be just by reading it because a common question is always love short form or long form like you know which which makes more sense being super concise or leaning into some of that longer content and in the pre-click side of things so that was the first test yeah give us an example of I think you have some copy there that you could kind of read just so people really understand I think this is really simple it's really just about adding more than one adjective with commas when you're describing things which sometimes you feel cheesy about as a marketer you're like dude should I just write one thing that's straight to the point or should I try to add on more and more descriptors yeah so the for the shorter example is enhance your casual style with product from brand that withstands the demands of your busy day so everything's above the fold if there's you know only really one descriptor maybe two in there um second example which outperformed in this case across the board was experience the Perfect Blend of fashion and comfort with our affordable diverse and fashionable collection of product and product in these options yeah it's like almost like create like your little mind map of all the description words that best appeal to your audience affordable seamless quick blah blah blah it just like spam it into your ad copy to really paint a picture it's like black and white it does the job versus like a color painting that really tells a better story with commas just add them on there I always put whenever I'm writing marketing copy it I'm always like I could just like I always want to try to combine those things and get more detail in and I worry that you that you're losing points because you're not being concise enough but nope when it comes to ads spam those adjectives don't look back yeah and I find like a helpful exercise that I use all the time is I might go crazy the first time around list all my ideas get it out there and then I'll go back and I'll spend you know five to ten times longer going back and editing to make sure it's really well structured and there's a reader I'm enjoying this I might send it to a co-worker a colleague to read over it and say hey how does that look and then they'll they'll catch it and then by that point we've got something really great and what kind of lift did we see from the adjective spamming yeah we ended up seeing um anywhere from like high high end we saw it multiple times lift in some cases but generally speaking the average was approximately 20 better so um notable but again it's one of those ones where I wouldn't say just lean into one like try try both if you're looking at a new test make sure you include this uh this version and see see how it does for your brand definitely a bunch of things to test here you add a URL on the end of one of those ads you're you're laughing yeah like people with simple all these things are to actually Implement like immediately in your ad account super super actionable yeah lots of great things you can test here lots of uh actionable items for you so if you have a chance to test any of these I want you to email me at Eric directconsumer.com you can tweet at me at Eric Allen dick or at d2c newsletter let us know if any of these work for you yeah and if anyone has any ideas for future podcasts for us to run on a meta make sure to let us know too uh CC me on their camera Pilot House or tweet us a Pilot House digital I would love to crowdsource some more ideas for the teams and pause the test thank you thanks for listening to today's episode if you're not getting the d2c newsletter you can subscribe for free at direct2consumer.com and if you want to learn more about pilot House's all-killer no filler Services takeoff to pilothost.com I'm Eric Dick and this has been the d2c podcast we'll see you next time

- Stop Testing Ads. Meta Andromeda Changed Everything.: Kind: captions Language: en What's up guys? Welcome to another video. Today we're talking about creative diversification on a practical level. So as you know Metandromeda, the new Facebook ads algorithm is fully fully released and is affecting everybody. And the most important thing, long story short, is doing this creative diversification thing into your CBOS. So the wrong thing, the wrong action that I see a lot of people doing right now is taking just 30 ads, taking a bunch of ads and just moving them into a CBO and calling that creative diversification. But then basically what we're doing is just piling ads on a random way and it might work. I mean in this case for example it's working great. The RO is two. This account is asking for a minimum of 1.8. Okay, I'm just putting 30 ads together and the RO is okay. Cool. We can have the case, but that's not a strategy. That's not something that I can replicate and I'm going to have 30 ads available every single week. Not really. So, the right thing to do is that we create a synerggetic set of ad creatives in a CBO. So, we can have multiple CBOS. So, we can sit down, plan the week in terms of content of new ads and be like, okay, this is going to constitute a diversified CBO. Let's create it. And then for another product, let's create another one. But you're intentional and you know what you're doing, right? And I've been testing a lot of stuff with Andromeda, a lot. And I have access to the tests of my coaching clients and and what I do with with the accounts of my other clients. So, I've got access to a lot and it's going to be a great video. But I've done the AB tests from Meta directly, what they recommended me, the the account managers, the private ones we have. I've done uh things with three adsets, things with one adset, manual biddings, and yeah, let's just get straight into it. The very first thing is just understanding the concept of creative diversification which is creating sets of ads where each ad creative sends a different retrieval signal to the meta algorithm. That's it. This is like a little family of creatives where each one is different. That's it. What are we looking for? So in order to reach different users based on awareness, buying intent, preferred content format and many other factors. All right? So we have to take into account that we want to reach different people from different angles who have different level of awareness and different level of desire for our product and we want to adapt to all of them with multiple ads so that we win the auction every single time. That's it. Every single time there's an opportunity to show them an ad, we have an optional ad for that person. So back in the day what we would do let's put it very simple with interest targeting back in the day the way the algorithm used to work with machine learning 2018 all these things was with different interest targeting you would reach different people and that's it and if you wanted to reach a million people you would pick let's say five different interests that were pretty big each one and you would do five different ads each one with a different interest and you are targeting a different bucket of audience inside meta or Facebook as it was back in the day. Um, but right now the problem is and I'll show you an example where I had a problem. I had a problem. I I I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. I don't know where the example is, but we will see it. Um, the problem that I had is is was building a CBO with very similar ads. All of them images, same message, the frequency was four after only 30 days. That's a real problem. that that's something none of you should do. So I made the mistake. You don't do it. Okay. Um so right now we basically if we want to reach different audiences, the interest thing doesn't work. We need different ads. Now the benefit of this diversification thing is consistency. So this is a CBO with creative diversification that's been active for one year. You see it here, October 22nd, 2024 and over a year right now. It's got over a thousand purchases. The ROAS is good and it has around 20 20 or 22 ads inside. So, it's working very well and I know this campaign will come with me to Black Friday and I'm going to hypers scale it because I did it last year already and now this year I'm packed with a lot of purchases. So, this is hyperscaling. Um, now important concept that will be very helpful for you and I have not seen this in any other YouTube video. So the point of horizontal versus ver vertical diversification and we actually need both. But you can go more into one or more into another. It just depends on your personal case. Now horizontal is basically having variety having uh different avatars. So you target busy moms and you target stressed entrepreneurs, stuff like this. You have different uh concepts, different formats. Uh Tik Tok made me buy it. You use these trends. You use videos. You use images. You use carousels. all of these diversity of different things. That would be horizontal. And then we've got vertical, which is how deep do you go? That would be organizing the CBO based on top of the funnel ads, middle of the funnel and bottom of the funnel. Or you can also call it prospecting, retargeting, or you can also call it problem aware, solution aware, product aware, non-aware, super aware, whatever. It's basically making different ads inside the same CVO. You'll see it now in the example where some of them are targeting people who don't know you. They don't know what you sell. Some of them are targeting people who are very aware of the problem that they have, but they don't know your pro your product is a solution. Or maybe they know your your type of product is a solution, but they are considering multiple solutions. All of these things that if you read copywriting books, which you should, you will understand and it's going to help you organize the CBOS. Now this is the problem. So this is a CBO and the routine this one. So the first one back to routine. This was a CBO that we basically did. They sent me the client sent me a bunch of ads uh for this back to routine thing in September October and at the beginning it was great but in just a few days it it started picking a super high frequency and I was not reaching new people. Now, if you compare it with the other two Andromeda CBOS, okay, where I had, you know, product diversity with a bunch of different ads and here I picked 20 ads that were completely different videos, images, founder video, Tik Tok thing, a bunch of things. I want you to look at the frequency. First of all, this is four. This is a problem. And this is 1.3. Now, look at the reach in the remember the first one is the mistake. Okay? So in the mistake Civio I reached 32,000 unique people and in this one I reached 30,000. So we can say it's pretty much the same reach. But then can you see that as I'm as I keep on scaling this one I'm scaling the budget because it has more impressions. So it means that it spend more money. As I'm scaling the budget I'm not reaching new users. I'm reaching the same users that resonate with those images with the back to routine message with something very niche over and over and over and over again. What happens then that my unique outbound CTR is still okay but then the CTR I itself it's very low. That means that when people receive the ad for the first time, they might click at a 1% CTR, but as they continue seeing the ad over and over and over again, those are more impressions, but they don't click any more times. They already clicked once or they decided not to click and the more they see the ad, they will not click. That's the the reason why that that thing is different. Long story short, we have to completely avoid this uh frequency problem. Okay, you don't want this. It doesn't scale. It doesn't work. The ROS is bad. I mean, you see it here. This is Can you see the name of the campaign back to routine? Okay, so you put it in the filter in the report and then you go by day. It doesn't give me the accumulated frequency, but you can basically see that on a daily daily level, it's two. That's bad. So only the days when let's say this was the only okay day 2.22 22 rows. Okay. Frequency 1.8 1.9 but two two two two that's a problem. That's really a problem. So yeah that's you want to avoid that. And that comes from having the same exact format repeated in 10 ads. All of them images all of them with the same message. All of them targeting the same avatar and everything talking about back to routine. So that's a problem nowadays. Now um al I put the intro here. If you don't know me, welcome to the channel. My name is Manuel Gomez. [laughter] I'm a international speaker Facebook ads for eight years. Uh over 30 million in ad spend profitably managed for my clients. Uh I have a module in AdWorld with a bunch of huge guys and uh yeah this is this year so far more or less roas 4 on 3.1 million in ad spend and that's it. Now I want to give you a big butt. This is you have to be aware of this. No confusion. So all of the above everything that I was talking about be since now is talking about delivery of ads. So how the ads are chosen by the machine, how they are distributed among millions of users etc. Now that's very cool and that's very important but Andromeda is just a delivery mechanism like once you know what has changed which is signal quality has to be high creative diversification you need multiple ads once you know the rules and if you don't know watch my other videos about Andromeda I've got two more videos about that [clears throat] sorry once you know what else there is there to do like you will restructure things, but there's nothing else to do rather than increasing your knowledge about copyrightiting and designing super good ads. This weekend, I I attended an event, a PPC event with some really, really high level media buyers. I was a speaker as well. Very cool event. And we all got to the same conclusions having a little bit of wine, a little bit some beers. And it was like, okay, once you know the fundamentals of by the way, we're missing this book here. my favorite book should be there as an image. Just imagine it. Um once you know the basics, focus on copyrightiting and and creatives. Okay, that's it. So, um I I'll give you a framework to make you think. If I ask you, well, we're going to assume that people don't see one ad and they immediately buy. We're going to assume that, especially when you're scaling and you're reaching 200,000 people a day. Now you would think about a sequence. What three ads do people need to see before buying? Now as an example that could be for example starting with a before and after image so they see the transformation. At that point they are excited emotionally. They have desire you touch on that. But with a testimonial video right after and a tutorial, you will increase the confidence they have on that result, the belief that it's going to work because it works for somebody that's similar to them and a tutorial of how to use the product, like a product demo. So that gives them a high likelihood, a perception of a high likelihood of succeeding if they buy, which is trust. And then finally a product image with a reason to buy like some more authority um a discount shipping more client review stuff like this. So of course we cannot know we cannot guess but it makes sense to me that if people see these three ads they end up buying. Okay? Because it it feels like it's complete. So it makes sense. Now let's see the example with a cosmetics brand that I like a lot. It's Gleam. So imagine that we had to sell this one product and we have to do creative diversification. What can we do? How should we do it? Remember that I said before vertical creative diversification, horizontal creative diversification. How do we do it? For this case, we're going to do a CBO. For me, just one adset. Now we're going to have, for example, three top of the funnel ads. Now the first one is going to be a UGC video just one minute shot with an iPhone low quality at home everything is a little bit messy and then that's going to be like storytelling explaining the pain that you used to have and then telling why this this product was a solution to the problem that you were having. So this is yeah it should be relatable. It should open the funnel. It's a storytelling ad and that's it. You can put depending on the target. You can put put the typical POV storytelling when I got bullied. That's good. It's a good hook. Whatever depends on the target. Now, number two, phone or video with a camera with a microphone. Professional. Nice. And it can be 2 minutes, 3 minutes, whatever. And then an article ad with an image. And this is an example. So, this would be a good ad. I love it for prospecting. Two million people switch to this mask. Here's why. So, we're not assuming that they know what we sell. Is this is not retargeting. This is not super aware. This is not a fan. This is you going to the open market and being like, there's this mask and I will explain to you why two million people use it. It's very indirect. It's very soft. It's it's super nice for prospecting. So this this would be market opener openers type of ads. Okay. And we let's say in the civio we want to put three of them. Then we want to put one to three midfunnel ads. So this is you know already we assume they know the product a little bit. We don't need to overexlain it over justify it. Um but also we're not telling them buy now 20%. It's there in the middle you know. So this could be a before and after image. This could be a client review, product features, benefits, objection videos. So here we basically this is [clears throat] discovery discovery. This is increase trust and belief that it works. And the the examples would be this. For example, cleared my son's acne in three days. Client review before and after product. Very good composition. One mask, six benefits. So, six benefits. Reviews 95% recommend. Love it in 30 days or it's free. Um, here this would be like let's say an objection. So, Tik Tok comment it doesn't work. People accused us that this doesn't work. They throw it in the bin in the trash and they explain something. This is such a scam. So it makes sense to see these types of ads after coming from a market opener type of ad. And we're thinking in sequence, but don't be confused. Some people, some users, but you cannot control this. Some users will see one of these ad and afterwards the machine meta will show them one of these ads. But there are other users in the market that Meta considers that they don't need to see these ads right here. They don't need this level of awareness, this this overexlaining. They don't need it. And what Facebook's going to do is show them directly one of these ads because they've been looking for a similar product or they are very active when it comes to skincare stuff, whatever. that with just one of these ads, it's very likely that they get a result. You get a result, they they buy or they click. Um, and then I would also in the CBO include one to three bottom of funnel ads, which there it can be an offer, it can be back in stock, sold out three eggs in a row, shipping, more client reviews, more before and afters, etc., which is stuff like this. Okay? If you see the first ad, it doesn't make any sense for prospecting because you would see the ad and you're like, "What is this thing? What is this?" Like, she puts something in the face. Looks horrible. Does it burn? Is it painful? What is this for? So, you don't understand anything. This thing, 10 bottles for 72. I mean, what are these bottles? It looks like perfume. Is it good perfume? Is it dupes? Is it like are you imitating some big brands or is it your own sense? I have no idea. I'm not gonna click. I don't understand anything. Um, and same thing here like Dr. Squatch offering the offer. Uh, free gift 51% off bum. But if you know their ads, usually they they go with the dating being more attractive. Girls will love you when you use this type of product. You need to be hooked into Dr. Squatch through this women will love the your smell. You need to be hooked into that and after that receive this. So the conclusion of the video is if in 2026 you want to be successful with met ads you need three things. The first one, and it will serve you for the rest of your life, is being good at copyrightiting, which means selling products online through capturing existing desires and basically blending those into your product as the vehicle to achieve those um desire states faster or better or whatever. Learn that. Second, understand Met Andromeda and basically adapt to it as fast as possible. Make the necessary tests into your ad account to see how does this diversification behave. How is the budget distributed among ads? Do you need a CBO with 10 ads or with five is enough? Whatever the case might be, make the necessary tests and adapt as fast as possible. And point number three is basically you if you seen my videos, you know that I love intraday scaling. You know that I love following patterns and scaling when the demand is very positive or is going to be very positive before payday for example the salary before big big events like Black Friday is coming and I'm going to do the biggest intraday scaling ever. And also I like to look at market patterns. I like to in the Black Friday mastermind we had a whole blog just talking about macroeconomics and how to predict how Black Friday is going to be. And I'm a freak on that because I I find it super interesting to try to anticipate the behavior of the market and how demand is going to be based on other economic indicators. I mean, if you have these three things, you got it. Now, for each one of you, you will have a different case. And some of you will comment in this video and you will say, uh, but I'm selling dog food. How should I structure the cio? My advice to be honest, I mean, there are two ways, okay? Um the first one is and this is for everybody develop criteria. So read the books, don't be lazy or at least use Tajib and you [clears throat] don't need to like there's no secret to Andromeda. You only need to know how to sell a product and you only need to know the required sequence to sell that product and then put that into a CBO where there is diversification. Okay, that's it. But it takes effort and time and you you need to develop criteria. Now, the thing that I put out in the market to make things easier for people and I mean we're already 80 people into this is this. Okay, I'm putting my whole effort into developing the Google Docs, the coaching, putting people together in in these communities to help them implement and troubleshoot and they launch things. It doesn't work. We review it together. what structure should I follow? I take it for them. This exists and you can pay for coaching but I I recommend you to develop criteria and after that join any group that you want big together with people and scale. This is this is what what what I was giving to them. Uh for example, Andromeda algorithm during Black Friday 25 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pages sharing the whole algorithm thing. how to face Black Friday with this creative diversification matrix, CPM, my tests, what's working, what's not working and then I share everything with them with with everybody in the metascaling accelerator group like first Andromeda results this is what my hypothesis these are the results great rowas da da dam Gabriel shares has anybody already experienced andromeda da da da update whatever he's testing and thenromeda update and I give them stuff like this I made I think it's 21 in total that we have 21 ad creative libraries different creative libraries in Atria based on format stage of the funnel and different concept and the same for video top of the funnel videos these five one ad library for each more than this I can do so I share with them in real time what's working for me, what I'm testing. We review it together. They make their own tests. I give them examples. For example, this Andromeda structures, five direct examples by industry. We review it in the group. We review it in the coaching calls and they've got access to all of this. So this exists but again develop criteria become good at copyrightiting understand the Andromeda algorithm and then work like a day trader to scale the ad accounts. That's the end of the video. If you need any coaching everything is in the description. If you love the video subscribe to the channel. It's going very very well. I'm super happy. And um that's everything. See you on the next one. Wish you a super successful week. Bye-bye. Toe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alejandrobeacom [2 likes]: Does this means that exclusive retargting campaigns are not actually usefull? 
Do we need now to do retargeting in CBOs mixing with test and scaling?
  2. @geoffreyh7223 [2 likes]: This guy never miss 🫅 
Always a banger video.
Looking forward more 🙏
  3. @kitchyart-q6b [2 likes]: Valuable video as always, but I'm struggling with how to implement this as a dropshipper doing fast fashion products. Every time we have a new product to test, can you advise me on which structure is best for us? Do we have to do one product per CBO, or just put all products in one CBO (as creative diversification)? Thank you.
  4. @jlndspx [1 likes]: Very clear, thanks !
  5. @Aniksaha-i2q [1 likes]: Hello Menal, I need your Andromeda file. How I got this??
  6. @blokeinthearches [1 likes]: Manel: in a previous video you recommended using identical image ads with different headlines in order to establish the best angle to test. Then you would diversify, using the winning headline with different formats of ads. Do you think we can still do this in Andromeda to find the winning angle?
  7. @АринаКибитлевская [1 likes]: Hi! thank you for the video. if tof, mof, bof are spread among several campaigns, not one as you suggest, can they still make the majic of creative diversification?
  8. @Strikerecom [1 likes]: should i only run mid-top of funnel ads to listicles?
and do bof straight to pdp

cause you said how meta already sort of knows the customers awareness of a product so theyll show the ad that is suitable to them
  9. @berachel1103 [1 likes]: Manel, you put catalogs into the same campaign and adset? Thanks for the video
  10. @glowtail-f2h [1 likes]: gold
  11. @zakariazaki3357 [1 likes]: Mr. Gomez how we can get the copywriting book that you talked about?
  12. @tuckertheremedy [1 likes]: Would you recommend mixing Catalog ads into the same campaign as manaully created ads or to separate them?
  13. @saulcanina8164 [1 likes]: Huge value as always 😍🙌🏻
I have one question , how do you manage creative diversification in BFCM? You apply the same principles so different levels of awareness to reach different type of buyers also during the BFCM or November in general?

Super curious 🙌🏻
  14. @sandraortiz8000 [1 likes]: Excelente contenido Mil gracias
  15. @shazafzafar768 [1 likes]: Great knowledge and unique insights, thanks for all the examples.
  16. @CazandoViajes: Para testear anuncios sigue teniendo sentido utilizar estructuras ABO con uno o dos anuncios por ad set? O crees que el testeo debe plantearse ya con CBOs
  17. @alejandroterciado: Having multiple full-funnel CBO campaigns with creative diversification for each sales angle could that lead to audience overlap and competition between them?
In other words, do I need a separate CBO for each winning sales angle, and within that CBO,  full-funnel creative diversification for that specific angle?
  18. @larastore6760: But how do you now test if you want to try for example a benefit or Us vs them ad if you always now when you test do in one ad set with all stages of awareness/one stage of awareness?
  19. @Alejandrobeacom: Does this testing method, which you explain in the video, work for all accounts regardless of advertising spend?
  20. @LeandroEzequielMaidana: Hola Manel!
Antes que nada, muchísimas gracias por todo el valor que compartís — me vi todos tus videos y realmente cambiaron mis resultados 🙌🏻

Tengo 2 preguntas:

Según todo lo que vi en tus videos, llegué a la conclusión de que lo más eficiente sería trabajar una CBO por oferta/producto, y dentro de esa CBO:

Opción A → 3 adsets (TOFU, MOFU, BOFU), manteniendo todos los sub-avatares y formatos dentro de cada etapa del funnel.
Opción B → 1 solo adset, con todas las etapas del funnel (TOFU-MOFU-BOFU) y toda la diversidad de formatos y avatares mezclados.

Entiendo que aca deberia ver cual me funciona mejor, pero es correcto esto? Tengo una tienda de ropa de mujer en Argentina

y la 2da pregunta

¿Cuanto me sale entrar a tu coaching de Meta? Vi que la llamada esta 1000 USD, pero me encantaria saber el valor del coaching para ser parte del grupo


¡Gracias de nuevo por tu tiempo y por todo el contenido brutal que compartís! 🙏🏻

- Meta Andromeda Update : What Small Businesses Actually Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en If your Facebook ads have felt broken lately, like the algorithm is working against you, your costs are up, and your campaigns that used to work just don't anymore, you are not going crazy. Meta made a massive change to how their ad system works, and almost nobody is talking about the fact that all the best practices you're hearing [music] are designed for businesses spending 50,000 or more a month, not 2,000. I'm going to break down exactly what changed, why the standard advice will actually hurt your results if you're a small business, and give you the framework that actually works when you don't have an unlimited ads budget. So, let's start with what Andromeda actually is. Meta completely rebuilt their ad delivery system. [music] This is the AI that decides which ads get shown to which people. They rolled it out globally by October 2025, and it's a fundamental change to how [music] the entire platform works. Here's the difference in simple terms. With the old system, [music] you told Meta who to target, age, interest, location, and they showed your ad to those people. The new system, Meta's AI, [music] analyzes millions of behavior signals and matches different people with different creative variations. Instead of asking who should see this ad, it asks which ad should this [music] person see. And this is powerful. The system can now handle 10,000 times more creative variations than [music] before. It's like going from a shotgun approach to a sniper rifle where every person sees the specific angle and format [music] that's most likely to convert them. Now, that sounds amazing, right? And it is. If you have the budget and data to feed [music] it properly, which brings me to the problem. Every article, every video, every expert is telling you the same thing post Andromeda. Use broad targeting. Let CBO allocate your budget. Run 10 to 20 creative variations. Trust the algorithm completely. And here's the dirty secret nobody's saying. Meta's AI thrives on data. Lots of data. If you're an enterprise advertiser spending 50,000 a month or more with 500 conversions a week, this advice is gold. The algorithm has so much data, it knows exactly what to optimize for. But if you're spending $1 to $5,000 a month, which is most small businesses, and you're getting 10 to 50 conversions per week, following this advice creates a massive problem when you use CBO or campaign budget optimization with limited data. Here's what happens. [music] The algorithm looks at early signals like clicks, engagement, video views, and decides which ads to feed budget to. But here's the problem. Engagement doesn't equal conversions. So you end up with 80% of your budget going to the two ads that got the most clicks in the first 24 hours. [music] And your other ads, they're getting $1 to $5 per day. Not enough to ever prove themselves. You just wasted a week of budgeting testing ads that never had a fair shot. And you wasted the time that you spent actually creating those ads in the first place. Here's the math that nobody talks about. If you put three ads in one ad set with a $20 daily budget, even if it splits it equally, which it won't, each ad gets $6 to $7 per day. In reality, one gets 12 to 14 and another gets 5 to6 and the third maybe gets 2 to three. If your cost per lead is $20 to $50, that star bad might not generate a single conversion all [music] week. So, here's what actually works. We're going to give Andromeda what it wants, but keep the control we need to make smart decisions with limited budget. [music] The framework is three angles, one ad each, equal budget testing. Now, let me break that down. Andromeda does work better with broader audiences. [music] So, stop doing hypersp specific interest stacking. The AI needs room to find patterns and match your creative to micro segments. [music] Your targeting should be location if that applies to you, basic demographics and exclusions, [music] maybe some interest suggestions. That's it. Let the creative do the segmenting, not your interest [music] targeting. Now, the second principle, we need one ad per adset during testing. Here's where I completely diverge from the standard advice. During testing, you [music] give each creative angle its own ads set with full budget. [music] No sharing, no algorithmic favorites. The structure, one angle equals one adset equals one ad. [music] Each adset gets equal daily budget. Every creative gets the full budget to prove itself. Now, let me give you an example. Say you have $1,500 a month to test. That's $50 a day. You're testing three angles. [music] That's $15 to $17 per day per ad set. But here's the difference. Each ad gets the full $15 to $17, not 5 to 7 or 2 to three. That's enough to exit the learning phase and generate real conversion data, not just algorithmic predictions. Run this for a handful of days. And if an angle fails, you know it failed [music] at a decent spending level, not because it got $3 per day while the algorithm played [music] favorites. Now, principle three, the angles matter more than the format variations. Now, Andromeda wants creative diversity, but it doesn't want 20 variations of the same hook with different background colors. It wants fundamentally different approaches. What counts as a different angle? Maybe you're focused on different pain points like efficiency versus cost savings versus quality. We need different awareness levels like problem aare versus solution [music] aware. We need different emotional drivers like fear versus aspiration versus urgency. We need different buyer personas. Now, let me give you a concrete example for a marketing automation service. [music] Angle number one would be problem agitation. Tired of manually following up with every lead? Here's how businesses like yours are automating 90% of their follow-up. [music] Angle number two could be results or social proof. We helped ABC company add 47,000 in revenue without adding staff. [music] Here's the exact system we built. Angle number three could be education and authority. Most marketing automation fails because of these [music] three mistakes. Here's how to avoid them. See how each of these speaks to a different customer mindset? That's what Andromeda is looking for. Now, for each angle, pick the format that best expresses that message. You're not testing formats yet. You're testing which core message resonates. video. These are best for angles needing personality or explanation, 30 to 60 seconds, and definitely add captions. Static images are best for angles with a strong visual hook or a shocking stat. You can add Canva templates with a text overlay or just do straight up text on a [music] colored background. Carousels are best for angles showing a process or multiple proof points. 3 to 10 different images with text or a [music] different visual. So, you're looking at 30 to 45 minutes per ad. That's 90 minutes to two hours to build your entire testing campaign. Way more manageable than trying to create [music] 10 to 20 different ads. Okay, so you've got your three angles running, one ad each, equal budget. Well, what's the timeline? Days 1 to three, this is the learning phase. You really don't want to touch [music] anything. Let the algorithm gather the data. On days four and five, you want to monitor the performance. If [music] one angle is clearly bombing, such as 50% worse than your target CPA with no conversions, you can kill it early and reallocate that budget. [music] Day 6 through 7, you do a full evaluation. You're looking at cost per conversion, return on ad spend, conversion [music] rate, not just click-through rate, not just engagement, actual business outcomes [music] that matter to you. Now, your decision framework, you're going to kill any angle performing 50% worse than your target cost per acquisition. [music] You're going to reallocate that budget to the winners. Now, for winning angles, now we want to test different formats. It's going to be the same process, but new ad sets. If you started with a static image, now you're going to test a video and a carousel with that same angle. Once you have a winning angle plus format combination, then consider CBO for scaling. That's [music] the key. Find the angle first, then optimize the format, then scale with CBO, not all at once. Now, one more [music] thing, your creative refresh. Andromeda does not eliminate ad fatigue. It just changes the timeline. Your refresh cycle. [music] You're looking at weeks 1 to two for initial testing of three angles. Week three, [music] kill worst performers. Introduce new angles to test. Week four to five, let the winners run. Test a replacement. Week six, [music] test your format variations on proven winning angles. This creates a continuous cycle where you always have one to two proven angles running while introducing new concepts every few weeks. Look, Andromeda is real and it's changed [music] meta ads forever. But the winning strategy isn't blind trust in algorithm. It's intelligent adaptation. Give Andromeda what it wants. Broad targeting and diverse creative angles, but keep what you need. Budget control during testing to protect your ad spend and generate valid data. Three angles, one ad each, equal budget testing for 5 to 7 days. That's manageable for small businesses [music] and effective for finding winners. The advertisers winning post Andromeda aren't following Meta's recommendations blindly. They're the ones who understand the system well enough to adapt intelligently [music] while protecting their business outcomes. If you want help implementing this framework or [music] learning the complete system for marketing automation, creative automation, and meta ads that works for small businesses, check out my link [music] in the description and schedule a call to see if we can help. We're building sustainable testing systems and scaling what works [music] for businesses of all different sizes and all different industries. Now, drop a comment if [music] you've got questions about this strategy and I'll jump in to help. And if this was valuable, share it with another business owner who's been struggling with their meta ads lately. I'll see you on the next one. [cheering]

  Top Comments:
  1. @janalgos [2 likes]: if you're running one ad per angle, how do you know if it was the angle itself that failed or the ad creative that failed?
  2. @Zainora-c7t: Hi Allie, can I pulse the testing campaign for a few hours, then turn on back , second day? Thanks!
  3. @jurgitabukauskaite6704: Great content!
For a small business with a limited budget of €20 per day, would it be reasonable to launch one campaign with three ad sets and allocate around €7 per ad set during the testing phase?
Is testing with such a small budget likely to generate reliable results?
  4. @Washwizard2019: Truth be told FB Ads don't work for small businesses anymore period. I stopped doing FB ads after October 2025, because the writing was on the wall. They don't care about businesses spending less then $10,000 per month because the truth is the only thing that still works is putting a insane amount of ads up every week and what small business owner has that kind of time or money. Face it people FB ADs are dead for the small business because they don't care about you at all. FB needed to push out the smaller advertisers millions of ad creatives because it was coking up their money machine. I don't care what way you do your ad campaign or what structure you use CBO, ABO, it will not work long term  you will find your ads will preform so so for 2 to 5 days and tank every time. I used to get 3 weeks out of my ads and 10 times my ROAS  now at best 2 times for a lot of time spent in r and d on ad creatives.  NOT WORTH IT, but all of us have to come to that realization on their own. Hopefully it changes in the future. Best of luck to all
  5. @Akky_nl: How do you test of an ad is a good necessary team player, but its main purpose is not to be the top scorer? You need to have that ad in a team set up somehow.
  6. @Rockyhandyy: Hi from pakistan
  7. @nextleveldigtal: Always good content Allie. Appreciate it. - Sean
  8. @Refined.Claymore: this was the best video by far of post-andromeda strategy for smaller businesses… you are the GOAT
  9. @jnpilot: What if ad sets are divided by region and other factors to ensure budget is delivered as designated to each area instead of solely in big cities? Would you have to make separate campaigns for every region or audience?

- The Hidden Cost of Micro-Outages: How Small IT Disruptions Create Big Financial Risk: Kind: captions Language: en So, picture this. It's Tuesday morning. It's 8:00 a.m. Two accounting clerks and the controller sit down to start their day. Coffee is in hand. They log into the accounting system and are met with random errors and just a generally very slow response. not down, but it's not right either. So, after a few minutes, things seem to work. Then they don't. So, they wait, check email, they refill the coffee, chat for a minute, and try again. No one calls it cuz it just doesn't feel worth it. After all, nothing's actually broken. It's just slow and a little inconsistent. By midm morning, everything looks back to normal. Or maybe that early morning was the normal. There's no outage, no incident, no record of it ever happening at all. Just three people who lost focus, lost time, and started their day frustrated again. And at this point, they become numb to it. So the question to ask isn't whether something broke. The question is, what did that actually cost the business? Now, this situation's not all that unusual. It's a pattern most companies don't measure, don't track, they don't even talk about, and it's one of the primary ways financial risk quietly shows up in otherwise stable environments. I'm Jeff and in working with manufacturing environments, this pattern kept showing up even when everything looked stable. And in Andromeda, we started calling them micro outages, and that's what we're going to talk about today. So, first up, let's be clear about what we're talking about and what we're not talking about. So, what are micro outages? They are short interruptions. Sometimes they're inconsistent. Sometimes they're recurring over and over again. Definitely technology related frustrations. They slow work down. They interrupt flow. They force people to wait around and work around. And generally, they've been happening for so long, people just start to think they're normal. Here's what they're not. They're not outages. They're not incidents. They're not emergencies, showstoppers. They're nothing that triggers alarms or in the old days, pagers if you're as old as I am. And there's definitely no big giant post-mortem that happens. Most organizations are really good at tracking big incidents, but they're very bad at seeing interruptions. Incidents are binary. They're up, they're down, they're big, they're small. But interruptions live in the gray, the slow, flaky, inconsistent, and annoying. That gray is where the blind spot live. Now, nobody ignores these on purpose, but people don't escalate it because the issue just usually resolves itself. Stopping to report it feels more disruptive than just pushing through. it just doesn't feel serious enough. So what happens is the organization silently trades visibility for momentum and the absence of these giant alarm bells going off creates the illusion of stability. Nothing lights up on a dashboard. Nothing shows up in reports. So leadership concludes things are fine. But cost doesn't require big alarms for the cost to exist. Now, micro outages, they don't show up as technical failures. They show up as lost time, lost focus, and lost efficiency. And because they're never labeled as problems, they never get treated for what they are, which is financial risk. Now, micro outages, they don't feel expensive because they don't look expensive. There's no invoice. There's no downtime report. And there's no single moment that demands someone's attention. But cost doesn't show up all at once. It accumulates slowly over time, but it is there. Now, loss time is the obvious piece here, right? But it's not just minutes on a clock that we're talking about. Micro outages do other things. They break concentration. They force task switching. They delay dependent work and they compress already full days for already for people that are just already way too busy. Here's the reality. A fiveminute interruption rarely costs five minutes, but it does cost momentum. And over time, here's the big one. It costs patience. And good people don't leave because of one big failure. Good people leave because of constant friction, slow starts, broken flow, and the feeling that getting real work done is just harder than it should be and getting a little harder every day. Now, this frustration never shows up in a report, but it does show up in employee turnover, employee disengagement, and burnout. Those eventually will show up. Now, from a financial perspective, here's how they show up. They show up as paid labor. Paid labor that isn't producing output. Work that gets pushed later into the day or the week or in some cases the month over time and extra work that just feels unavoidable and just margin erosion that nobody can quite explain. It's not because people aren't working, but because work is constantly being restarted. These costs, they don't land in an IT report, but where they do land is in payroll, missed timings and deadlines, slower close cycles, and just generally lower throughput throughout the organization. And that means they get accepted as normal operating friction instead of being recognized for what they are, which is risk. Now, micro outages, they don't announce themselves as failures. They just quietly tax the business every day, day after day after day. And because they're invisible, leadership ends up underwriting that cost without ever realizing it. And that is financial risk. Now, here's what's interesting about these micro outages. This isn't the problem caused by incompetence. Not at all. It's a problem caused by normal human behavior inside. well-run organizations just like yours. I'm going to give you five reasons that these things happen. Reason number one, people compensate. Most teams don't stop when something is slow or flaky. They just push on through. They retry. They work around. They move on to another task. They make it work. And frankly, that resilience is kind of admirable. However, it also hides the cost. Reason number two, momentum beats visibility. Escalating takes time. Reporting takes time. Calling somebody takes time. Time they don't have. Instead, they make the rational trade. I'll just get through it instead of I'm going to stop and document this. And the organization now has silently traded visibility for momentum. All right. Reason number three on why these things happen, metrics reward the wrong things. So you'll see dashboards, most dashboards will track things like uptime, outages, ticket volume, major incidents, but what they don't track is friction, interruptions, restart time, and the cumulative delay that builds up behind all that. So leadership gets reassuring signals even while that cost is silently accumulating right underneath all of it. All right. Reason number four, friction becomes accepted over time. Everyone adapts. We are an adaptable species. Slow becomes normal, workarounds become normal, and frustration becomes normal. And the organization completely stops noticing the drag. All right, last one. Reason number five. Nobody owns the gray zone and micro outages live between the categories in the gray zone. They're not big enough for it escalation. They're not visible enough for finance and they're not clean enough for the operations team to see them. So what happens? They persist. Why? Because they belong to everyone and they belong to no one. And this is why micro outages are so expensive. Not because they're dramatic, but because they're invisible, they're normalized, and they're unmanaged. And that's the persistence problem with it. Now, the answer isn't perfection. We're never looking for perfect, but the goal the goal is not to eliminate every interruption, right? We live in the real world. But the goal is to stop flying blind so that we can start seeing these things because better starts with visibility. Once you can start seeing them, you can do something about it. Now, most organizations manage anything they can label as an incident, downtime, production stops, that kind of thing. But micro outages require you to use a little bit of a different lens. Not the did something break question, but rather where is friction quietly accumulating cost? And that's exposure-based thinking. Now here, CFOs and executives do not need more technical detail. I'm confident there's nobody on uh the watching this that wants more technical detail in their life. But what you do need is some better questions to ask. Questions like where are people losing time every day without reporting it? What work is constantly being restarted or delayed? Where are the teams compensating with manual workarounds and band-aids and duct tape patches? Lastly, what feels normal that really shouldn't that normal that we just accept? And those are all financial risk questions that you can start asking today. All right. So, here's what better actually starts to look like. Start measuring interruption patterns, not just outages. treating friction as an operational exposure, surfacing those hidden costs before they rise to the level of an obvious big failure. And lastly, reducing the drag that just frustrates your good people. It just takes some management. It's not magic. Don't need a magic wand. We just need to start seeing them so we can start managing it. So when you start seeing these micro outages clearly, you don't just improve it. What you do is reduce financial leakage, improve execution, and then lower risk across the whole entire business. So let me bring this back to the main point. Micro outages, they're not outages at all. They aren't emergencies. They aren't headline events. They're just small interruptions that quietly accumulate real cost. The absence of big alarms going off is what creates that illusion of stability. But the cost doesn't require alarms to exist. If you're only measuring incidents, you're missing the exposure that's created with this. So again, question isn't whether something broke. The question is what Now, the companies that manage risk best aren't the ones with zero problems, but they are the ones who see friction early, measure it honestly, and reduce it before it becomes a giant failure. And that is the financial risk conversation that we want to start having. Now, when you're done watching this, I have a challenge for you. I want you to go to your organization, get with your teams, start looking around to see what isn't being measured. Ask your team questions like, "Where are we losing time that nobody reports? Where does work feel harder than it should?" "What have we accepted as normal that probably isn't or at the very least that we shouldn't accept?" You don't need a new system. You don't need a big giant initiative. You just need to start noticing because the moment you can see it now you can start managing it. So I'm hopeful that I provided some value to you today. Um I will offer you up if you have any questions on this or anything else it or technology related just reach out just reach out to us. We are here to help. I appreciate it. Thank you.

- Why Everyone Is Wrong About Meta Andromeda: Kind: captions Language: en The latest meta ads Andromeda update has completely transformed advertising. We've seen return on ad spends drop. We've seen CPAs rise and there has been an absolute outburst in new strategies completely change structures and new ways to run ads. Now, the scary thing I'm seeing in the market today is that there is so much advice out there with absolutely no proof of what actually works. So, in this video, I'm going to show you what has actually changed in this algorithm, what everyone is telling you that you need to do, which is mostly wrong. And then most importantly, I'm going to tell you what you should actually do in your ad account. So on December 2nd of 2024, the first Andromeda update releases. Now, I broke this entire white paper down in another video, but what we need to know and what's most important here is that this was released December 2nd, 2024. And the reason that date is so important is because this is right around the time where Advantage Plus started to see some changes in audiences. And what I drilled really hard in on that last video is that the Andromeda update was being used by the Advantage Plus algorithm for months and months and months. Meaning what happened just a few months ago with this new Andromeda update did not wipe your entire account. It just changed manual or non-advantage plus audiences. And then in April of 2025, we see a best practices white paper come out for Meta. and it breaks down basically the two or three things that are most important for us to understand and how and why Andromeda is different. Now, the one thing we need to focus on is creative diversification. Everybody right now is telling you to create new ads all of the time and only create new ads. In this white paper, it very clearly states that creative diversification refers to the practice of creating a wide range of ad creatives with different themes, messages, and visuals to cater to diverse audience segments. In the past, advertisers have relied heavily on targeting specific demographics, interests, and behaviors to reach their desired audience. By uploading multiple creatives with different themes, and messages, business can leverage Meta's AI to test and optimize their ads at scale. What does this even mean? If we go down a little bit further, it says very clearly, "The use of generative AI combined with automation makes it easier for advertisers to upload more volume and diversity of creative, creating more eligible ads for personalization." And here is the most important part. If you've ignored everything else I've said for the last minute, this is the thing you need to know. This increase in creative volume and diversity also means our system must process more information when determining who to show an ad. That's where Meta Andromeda comes in, working behind the scenes to power more complex AI models that can better personalize which ads we show to someone. So the big takeaway here is that as advertisers have increased their creative volume, as they have gone from just running two or three or four or five or 10 ads to potentially thousands of ads like some of the biggest brands, the meta ad system, the retrieval system has had an increasingly harder time. It's taking more processing power to put the right ad in front of the right person. Which actually means that people that were running a boatload of ads previously were at a slight disadvantage because the algorithm and literally the processing power of Meta's computers like legitimately GPUs and CPUs could not process all of the requests and therefore it was too hard and they had to rebuild an entire algorithm which we are now calling Andromeda. So in very regular terms, creative is now the targeting. And what that very simply means is that when you launch an ad, Facebook uses the data, engagement rates, and all of the metrics associated to that ad and tries to match it to the most relevant person. And what this means is you can now create multiple diverse ads, two ads that share completely different concepts, and ad A will be served to one audience and ad B will be served to a different audience. And the real problem is that people are taking creative diversification at face value. Just because each ad is matched to a specific audience doesn't mean we always need to find more audiences. So the recommendation by most people is that you should always be creating new completely different concepts. You should be taking home run swings with every single ad that you launch. You should make no ad look similar to another ad. You should always create a new concept from scratch over and over and over again. And if one ad works, great. Create a new concept. Don't ever worry about iterations. iterations are dead. This is not true whatsoever. So, I want to show everyone this in a really simple way. We're going to be using circles and squares. The circles are going to represent the ads. The squares are going to represent the audiences or who we're targeting. This is the old way. We have an audience and we have ads within that audience. The new way looks absolutely nothing like this. The new way looks like we have ads and then those ads go and find that appropriate audience. So instead of a system that is old school where you have one audience with a bunch of ads grouped in and that audience gets served to those ads, you now have a onetoone system. So quite literally what is happening is you have one ad to one audience, one ad to one audience, one ad to one audience. And I want to be very clear here. You of course have your pixel, you of course have your site information, you have your conversions API, you have maybe other thirdparty sources plugged in here which all have an effect on who Facebook is actually targeting. But the core difference is your ads are the targeting to define what audience you are going to go after. So what everyone's saying right now is that when you have a successful ad, all you have to do is increase that budget. Then go ahead and create a new concept. And if that's successful, you guessed it, increase the budget. Now, what that creates over time is you have to find an infinite pool of new concepts over and over and over. And the creative needs to be so diverse. What that's going to mean is you are going to strike out more than ever. you are going to miss so many times on your ads. You're going to create so many concepts with so much effort. It's going to take such a massive amount of creative resource, but it's also going to take a lot of ad spend to test every single one of these concepts. So ultimately, if you're running less ads and you're only focused on creative diversification, meaning you only are going for new concepts right now, you're going to waste massive amounts of money testing things that are unlikely to work because hitting a home run, getting a winning ad is a very hard thing to do in the first place. Meanwhile, you're taking less shots on goal. You're taking less chances. And instead of trying to hit for contact, singles, doubles, and occasionally a home run, you're only swinging for home runs, which means you're going to strike out a lot. So what do you do instead? Instead of ads, we are changing this in our heads from ads to concepts. We are not focused on an individual ad. We need to reframe this mentally as a concept. Now, what that means is if you have an ad type that you know works well, for example, you know, model photography with big bold letters on the screen works tremendously well for you, that is an ad concept. And now what I've added here is three concepts from the same brand. So Yeti, Yeti Colders, Yeti Mugs, they have a massive selection of products and they have a lot of use cases for their products. So what I put on the screen right here is three ads they are running right now with three completely different concepts. First concept is a very simple product selection on a very standard white/colored out background. The second is a product image of product in use. And the third is a very natural UGC style video. So the big thing we need to understand about Andromeda is that each of these concepts is going to target a different audience because I might react really well to this second ad right here. In fact, just looking at it, I could tell you I actually legitimately do react to that ad. Whereas someone else perhaps maybe down the funnel, maybe in the middle of the funnel, or maybe just a completely different person than me might react really, really well to this ad, and they might specifically react well to this color. They might also react well to the percentage off where I might react better to something that's in the natural setting. And every single person is different. We all have micro tendencies that are different. So unlike old Facebook ads that was about finding that one or two ads and creating a thousand iterations of those ads to address a huge chunk of the market, you would now have the beautiful ability because of Andromeda to create multiple concepts just like this. But the devil is in the details. Everyone is telling us to stop right here. Concept one, concept two, concept three, keep making concept four, make concept five, make concept six. But what you need to do instead and what Yeti is doing right now is they are finding their concepts and then they are creating massive and I am talking massive amounts of iterations of high-performing concepts. So to prove this to you, I went through Yeti's entire Facebook ad library and it didn't take me too long to find and prove out the exact theory that I'm hitting on. First, they launched 318 new ads in the last 14 days. Does that sound like a brand that's running less ads? because it definitely doesn't to me. Let me show you exactly what we're talking about in a real use case. Concept number one, very, very standard product on a splash background. Just as we said originally, concept number two, product in the wild, very straightforward, very clear concept. Concept number three, this is the UGC. This is the product in use. This is the raw stuff. You can see it doesn't have filters on it. It looks very natural. These are three different concepts that hit three different audiences. And what we need to focus on here is we still need iterations. Yeti's creating iterations. Athletic Greens is creating iterations. The biggest brands that we work with are still focused on iterations. You're taking home runs on concepts as we have very clearly here. And you're still building across the concept. So don't think of it as an ad unit. Think of it as an ad block, an ad pack. or if you want to be really simple, as I've said a hundred times, a concept. When you have a successful concept, you need to create iterations of that concept. Now, I want to be clear about something. Iterations need to be bigger. Iterations do not mean you change the Firefly collection to Firefly collection. That's not going to do anything these days. And in fact, it might get less spend. What you do need to do, as we can very clearly see from Yeti right here, is they're taking the concept, the idea that this product on a splash background works super well and they are dropping multiple variants of the same concept to a extend the life of this concept and b milk as much performance as possible out of this concept that is clearly working well. So, as I always say, if you need professionals in your ad account, if you want someone who's actually on top of this just in the way that we are, then click the link down below and go to the moonlighters.com/apply to see if you're a fit to work with us. And if not, and if you just have questions or you just got some value out of this video, please let me know in the comments below. And I will see you all in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @raulgolfs [4 likes]: Man my ROAS has been killing me with the new update.
  2. @mgangel7 [4 likes]: It's Facebook's job to set the conditions so that its advertisers' work is relatively easy. If many advertisers are making mistakes, that's obviously Facebook's fault as well.
  3. @mastechtecnologia1019 [1 likes]: Estou no Brasil, com um e-commerce b2b implantei seu método no final de outubro/2025, e já estamos com excelentes resultados. Nessa estrutura nova iniciamos com 100 dolares diario. Excelente.
  4. @HumailJamal [1 likes]: Great video... Very easy to understand and clear
  5. @anudeep3964 [1 likes]: Bro, I genuinely love your content and the deep knowledge you’ve got in Meta Ads🔥. 
You’re literally that 0.1% of people who never settle and keep grinding no matter what 💪. 
And the fact that you share all this exceptional knowledge on YouTube for FREE is just next level 👏. 
God bless you, bro and keep hustling and inspiring.
  6. @Mepicalabarba [1 likes]: I love your content so much!!! I would really like to be part of the moonlighters too!! as another moonlighter I mean
  7. @DigitalMarketingJagpal [1 likes]: Hi Sam, I am from India, Nice learning with you, I am also practicing Google ads and Facebook ads from last 10 years, there is always space to improvement. Its Great Learning with you also... Thank You
  8. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l109
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l109
  9. @tourccs: Few days ago i was contact with Facebook team of no perform issue but they Couldn't give proper solution
  10. @GoranČandrlić: Hey Sam - so should I put one broad campaign and do ABO on each of the concepts - so if the concept work - I just scale / refresh with new creatives on the same concept? Or do I put all the concepts in one adset or CBO and let it run? I think it's better to get separate budget for each concept right?
  11. @adamkennedyripon: so essentially your telling us our  costs 100x to create more ad creatives.  And essentially FB just guessing with your ad budget until it finds people that engage with it, and it doesn’t even a.b test the same ad with the same audience. Sounds ludicrous and highly profitable for Facebook revenue. And lacks transparency as only fb AI know what works (not sharing it with us) leaving us in the cold with no learnings
  12. @Crystal_Cook_: This was incredibly helpful. My question is - do we put different concepts into the same campaign/ad set, or should they be separated?
  13. @amazonbdarija: im testing your way "new way"i ll tell you about the result in 48h
  14. @Bvolts71: From what I understand, we no longer need to use CBO for different creative concepts. Since each creative is delivered to a different audience segment, we should rely on ABO until we identify a winning concept. After that, we can create variations of the winning concept and place them into a single CBO campaign. 

However, I’m still confused. if it’s 1 ad 1 audience, why do we even need CBO? Wouldn’t ABO give us better insights, right?
  15. @dano.cienfuegos: Then why is Meta rolling out the "Creative Similarity" report to avoid having ads with the same entity id?
  16. @a-blastwow8557: Hi Sam!  : ) as always, amazing video! Trying to ask you a quick quest: I can spend 5€ a day on a client. But i'm spending without results. Which is the best strategy in that case if i have 5€ daily? Where could be the error? (business: bathroom renovation) . Thanks if you can reply :)
  17. @johnmaris4334: This explains a lot. Started running ads 10 days ago and thought I had lost my mind. Very, very helpful.
  18. @CoolBoxShop: Are those concepts each in it's own adset or are they all in one single adset?
  19. @drewclary4280: Hi Sam, Love the content. How would you structure concepts from a meta ads manager perspective? Put all in same campaign and adset? Have separate ad sets for each concept, but in the same campaign, or have separate campaigns for each concept? Brand spending ~5k/mo
  20. @Entrepryze: Nice video, keep it up , where should I contact you for a potential sponsorship?

- Mass Effect: Andromeda - S01E42 - Business in space: Kind: captions Language: en welcome welcome ladies and gentlemen this is Goldsmith gaming with me Christopher and we're back with Mass Effect andromedaya my first play throughout the game playing on hard difficulty last time I brokered a deal on the cadora not so much between the outcasts and The Collector but more between the outcast and my Outpost um it turned out that Reyes was indeed the Charlotte turn and he wanted to uh Jewel Sloan but he was not playing Fair he was indeed playing very very dirty he had a sniper pointing it's their gun at her while they were supposed to do their duel so I decided to save Sloan and then I also didn't kill Reyes or at least shoot him uh because that would have been uh a bit cowardly I could have shot him in the back and didn't want to do that so I don't know exactly what's gonna happen with that since they're both still alive but uh indeed talk to Sloane she is okay with the Outpost being where it is and even though she is gonna be extorting them for protection fees I suppose that's better than nothing so kedora is now done and we are an Ayah doing a couple of things so we are actually gonna go in here these are just tiny things but it is something to do I suppose uh we are supposed to go into is it here no no it is not here it is actually down uh we need to ski scan some resistance members and see what was it if they support us or something or another little bit unsure exactly what's going on there no entering the med center until you're clean oh that's not actually a problem because that's where am I all right no it is actually in here bloody hell it isn't here right it's that guy isn't it isn't it that guy there we go there he is I detect the infrared die saw this Len used to mock the person who threatened him oh that's our man ah no this was not that uh Mission this is the guy with the celerium with the Hydroponics thingamajig hello Jaron who are you I know why you're here the botanist you want an apology for what I said to him well I'm kind of want to know what you actually said because I don't don't fully trust his judgment on this so explain to me I only have one side of the story tell me yours it's hard to explain try me Aya isn't big enough to give everyone a home we each live here a short time and then move on for someone to come another must go the exchanges are chosen at random we call this Arrangement the Visa time of change it worked well until now I see it did not know that I think so all right then what about the friend in question then you lost someone you cared about was it because of the Soul that's one way to see it when our leaders agreed to make a place for your people here it came with a cost my friend won a place on Ayah but he sold that slot so one of you could stay here instead sold at how what did he get Comforts for his family resources to improve their home on haval they always put others before himself that's how he died fighting cat on vault when I found out I was angry said things to your botanist I shouldn't have but I'd never hurt your people all right you know what uh Isis I mean I can understand the um The Temper there uh but you know what how about you make things a little bit right here he thinks you want him dead tell him what you just told me and let's move on I thought I was clear the first time maybe his translator malfunctioned I'll talk to our ambassador see if we can minimize our impact on your visal we don't expect things to be easy only that you understand nothing is free for us well I think I indeed understand that very much let's actually track that quest for now and uh that is all that we were there but we have the oh the motion we need to talk to Moshi um yeah we kind of need to just go in here I suppose yes so all right that's fine that's fine let's uh move out of here and run run run run uh that is up here yes and that is indeed quite close I don't think we need to talk to you uh start in that is in here right those people yeah hello Gerald who are you and what do we need to talk to you about and can I talk to you there we go Pathfinder Ambassador real I didn't think you'd have time for me she said you needed to talk before agreeing to live on the Nexus opportunity of a lifetime I'm an anthropologist but I've only ever studied my own people I've heard the Nexus is home to multiple species and cultures it will be fascinating and possibly dangerous bacteria viruses other contaminants my family worries about me are you sure I'll be saved ah yes we were tasked to actually talk to a couple of angoras who would be going to the Nexus I mean there are already our Gardens there I mean it kind of feels weird to say you betcha it's all perfectly safe no there's no guarantees we'll take every precaution but enter alien environment is always a risk to get your honesty and so will my family I'll convince them to let me go thank you there we go that was not so difficult now the most shy is supposed to be here is she right there the motion I told me about the artificial intelligence they brought to Aya it must be hundreds of years old things it must have seen while it was also suicidal so I don't exactly know how much that'll help uh PBS here let's shout to people she's after all my love interest in this game it's early in our interspecies relationship but I hope we can build on the momentum well I do hope that we don't blow it and one of a million things could happen and whoops the neighbors hate us so don't go joyriding with the Nomad huh obey the street signs you're doing a great job really keep up the good work yeah probably should not do that no where's the most shy okay so she's sort of in this General oh yeah it's not big but it's also confusing just a tiny tiny bit not gonna lie about that so is she sort of hereish where exactly wait no she's absolutely not even close there so who's this then so that's another person but yeah okay so we need to go there yeah I have not understood how Arya is actually made up yet so is that you leaning on that rail no so where are you done are you up top then oh bloody hell did I okay fine I can probably get up here then so wait yeah now I'm back and that's the wait okay I think I've have I understood this now because if I go up here yeah okay it's just confusing me the way that everything is set up I think okay but there we go there he is head rule hello head rule you're one of the Ambassador realist candidates to live on the Nexus I am glad you finally showed up let's get down to it I've lived my whole life wanting to meet Aliens who didn't want me dead but my family's here how can I stay in touch with them from the Nexus well there is technology you'll have ways to send them text messages and com Transmissions I want contact with the people I love you offer machines not good enough Pathfinder oh all right so you wanted ah I see you wanted to actually be with them in person oops uh so I still don't know exactly how to get to the most shy then uh but wait uh no the Ambassador is there we need to you know what screw it let's mark you out because apparently I need to do that in order to even figure out where the hell you are what are you doing not entirely sure it seems like you should have some knobs there but you didn't so exactly I hope that works I have no idea uh all right also it should be care possibly uh is it in hear them you know because this is this ah right must be here if that should have come to me Axel I'm all right you almost died what's she doing here ah right Axel this was the thingy that she contacted me about all right then uh just keep calm relax I was invited so it's true Ayah has opened its doors to Outsiders Axel Ryder rescued me from the cat she risked her life to Sloan Kelly save kadara look how that went I mean did you miss all the the extraterrestrials that are walking is the streets maybe uh again yes Sloan Kelly is a human I I know but I am also a human and I did not do that so yeah I'm pretty damn different than Sloan Kelly I want to be allies equal allies equally that's why the Krogan left how did you watching you your Invaders just like the cat except less cautious what does that mean you'll know soon enough he didn't used to be like this he was curious brilliant but the cat even without exaltation they change us yeah that did not go that well and definitely feels like he is threatening and threatening possibly either our Outpost or the Nexus itself he is indeed a threat but I'm gonna I'm gonna be optimistic here because that's sort of what I'm going for in this playthrough there's still time to bring him around I want to believe that but his hatred towards aliens I'll prove we can be trusted I hope so writer we just received an emergency yeah yeah kind of figured kinda figured all right that uh data palette uh no it's recording excitation the question isn't how the cat theoretically modify us but why if exaltation is a reproductive process capture a model of inefficiency if they can transform one life form into something so radically different then surely the cat must also be capable of creating clones wouldn't that provide more satisfactory results especially such as xenophobic culture the goal of incorporating useful genetic materials from other species into Baseline cat genetic material doesn't fully explain the level of effort they expelled exaltation is a length in labor intensive activity what I witness at the facility didn't feel like mass production it was almost religious there's so much about our enemy I needed to understand so it was all this would obviously be emotion emotions own personal things yes begin dictation after yourself staring at these walled plants so much of it Still Remains a mystery not that we haven't tried still after what happened maybe it's best to leave the world alone now we spend long on hours driving to learn whatever we can about the remnant and their amazing constructs I see our future in these Remnant plans call it intuition scientific intuition if you will but I marked it down here for for posterity we'll see what on the phones uh-huh all right then so there we go yes we are gonna go yeah that's indeed y'all's uh uh loyal division so we do want to get on that now there we go so we have uh we can return to you but no we need to go all the way over here so we're gonna fast develop it and there's also this thing that we can have a bit of a look at I don't want to have to run everywhere so it must be a little bit fast moving here Merrick says hello honor to meet you Pathfinder initiative pilot marixes I run supplies to your outposts what brings you to Aya her survival supplies only Aya has I'm waiting on clearance to enter the city but it's taking too long I understand their caution but the outposts need these supplies I have to get them now they let me into the city I can help I appreciate that to start EOS needs a way to produce food to support population growth they've requested kiloa seeds to begin their own crops there's an agricultural scientist who might sell some I'll make sure to get those seats settlers and kadara are suffering from a bacterial infection they need antarone antibiotics to fight it a medic in the city should be able to help got it they'll have that medicine in no time all right dance we have some stuff presumably from the market possibly is what I'm thinking uh all right so that was that and yesterday the other one is just on the other platform over here uh yes indeed you are all the way around the back couldn't be closer could you uh all right hello said you're thinking of moving to the Nexus let's find out even to be considered for the transfer but I won't be happy it's just an observer I want need to work I Engineer Power Systems will I be allowed employment alongside your people oh absolutely the whole point of this exchange the Nexus needs people like you well I needed to hear I'll have your ambassador to start the transfer all right then cool cool cool I have done that uh didn't I just get your mission that's a bit weird uh because that's over there and then that's the Medics or medications all right then let's uh travel up there the first first thing is gonna be well is it down isn't that the guy that we talked to before yeah wait isn't it you wait I'm not selling to you okay not you've done oh is it actually not one of the retailers so to speak is it you hello weird question you don't have any kiloa seeds do you I yes I do need some absolutely I do apparently only the one uh that's good got the one seed uh so that's that uh and while we're here we're gonna go talk to ambassador I think we need to run possibly back is it again have not understood oh yeah completely uh this was probably the completely wrong way around oh bloody hell the city is confusing me it shouldn't confuse me but it is can't do much about that uh no we're moving not well yeah we are moving up here there we go that is where I was supposed to go and then I think that was actually a path over here uh there we go that's the way in so riala we are gonna have a bit of a shot with you so you don't have no talk to the people director 10 is pleased with the angara you sent to the Nexus thank you for your help who's on what happened to service angara are selling their slots to come here so our people can stay in their place including a member of the angaran resistance he was killed on vold wouldn't have happened if he'd been here no one told me of this Arrangement oh we have to do something also by the way those people aren't on the Nexus yet so how could tan be anything above those that's a bit weird uh we could pay make room back home I mean yeah that seems reasonable if we take a space from them here we need to make a space for them somewhere else that seems just like The Logical solution we could let angara who give up their slots live on the Nexus it's safer than vold exactly what I was thinking no one should suffer on our behalf thank you Pathfinder I'll afford your proposal to director 10 immediately perfect perfect that's all for now I'm here if you need anything so that's that done if if it's weird that she thought that the town already knew about the ones that I sent it to the Nexus but all right we do need some antibiotics as well and that one seems to be inside the resistance headquarters somewhere or well it isn't here but uh not in here so not so much of a choice it's down so I could just checked that yes uh so you're in but I can't go in here oh wait no yes I can uh do this decontaminate let's do super good there we go thank you that's how you get in here I remember now uh so wait who am I talking to exactly wouldn't it be like one of you guys would it be you how can I am no apparently not you I'll get moving oh is it is it you know ah it's you assist ah right you're moving about I see I see my people on Kadar are fighting a bacterial infection do you have antibiotics of course will this do it probably will imagine if you don't have the money that's very sad we can sell some stuff to you only 25 granted but still there we go and that should be it for Aya for now right I think so yes so Mr turian marixus is your name is this enough perfect I'll make sure he always gets them more of your outposts need help if you have time Volt's power but is lagging without proper solar input the solar amplifier would give them a boost the solar technicians here may have the required parts I'll see what I can find oh bloody hell okay so who's that then that's the guy over here all right fine let's do that too and that guy should be here is it is it you solder technician hello you work on the solar panels do you have an amplifier for solar energy nothing as big as these but I have a smaller one on hand do you need it a little bit annoyed that I have to buy everything uh but that's fine all right done back we go is this it now do you need a even more things I really hope not yeah I have the antibiotics for kadara will the settlers be okay once they have these they'll be fine I'll make sure they know who to thank you you're gonna say something about Harvard as well or not here I found the solar amplifier for vold happy to see this no more power outages thank you Pathfinder and we seem to be good good thank you that's Aya dug them all right then well fine we uh have to postpone my plans a little bit because something has happened on EOS and we should go and check that out and also Gail apparently wants to talk but I'm gonna hold off on that all right yes we need to talk to someone a distress call lovely suvi Play the full distress call from pedromos right away we've got hostiles inbound no ground activity but there soon will be Pathfinder we need you going dark until it's resolved we're not giving up EOS again out well it's a bit vague I gotta say could use more information than just hostiles in the worry of escalation could be his worries it's not a simple attack someone's willing to risk attacking prodromus your first Outpost they're trying to make a point it's probably the resistance or no not the resistant the row car all right done anything else that's the last we heard nothing else no writer I bet it's a brown out to present less of a Target keep the nap fresh I'll be on the bridge soon understood all right then we will probably go and do that yes indeed uh let's mark that as our active Mission I do have AVP points I think I forgot about that sometime I do have two gripos oh my oh my uh so more science uh I don't did I care about this here the caches not so interesting encounters no extra consumers no Apex no Apex no I don't care about any of that uh large amount of credits I'll take it good good good gray Market buying and selling that could be good special inventories yes let's get that one and also collect all of our rewards right we have the data minerals consumables bio minerals take materials uh credit so many many credits you'll get now then because I got like 500 before I think I'm not sure I get now 7 15. that's super good but it's fine uh also by the way strike teams are probably done yes indeed foxtrot how did you do good but no level up golf how did you do good and the level up nice uh Yankee you also level up good and also got Adidas checked up but it apparently got something I think a new trades um there we go kilo no level up sadly do whatever anyone who can do gold yet not even close uh kilo you do those missions and presumably now uh no sorry uh this one uh presumably now you I have two actually they can do those now that's lovely uh can you start doing silver not that one and off that one okay fine uh you will both get to do this thought to say okay there we go I I'm not even gonna open anything just yet it's fine all right then back to EOS to see who it is that's going for our uh Outpost to make sure that they simply don't ready to fly Pat oh what's going on something responded we'll keep an eye out in the sector uh-huh we have an analogy in the sector oh let's move over there what the hell happened Auntie track back measure drive system overloaded not quick enough though I got a cereal that has triggered an alert Pathfinder we are to contact director Addison as soon as possible what the hell is going on yes I concur either what the hell is going on we've got some Milky Way research data from that one uh exit the Galaxy map all right so I suspect that we go back to the VidCon and have a bit of a shot but Addison's what this what's her involvement in this I was about to set up involvement but like what did she have to say uh right Addison Ryder tell me about the satellite you found director what are you talking Milo identified as DK resource tracker their emergency Tech full of overrides that they can bypass protocol they were designed by Dr Zoe Gene Kennedy she disappeared with the Exiles if her attack has shown up that could give someone a back door to steal from your outposts all right does anybody mean disappeared she disappeared with the Exiles but you weren't calling her one be sympathized but we'd never let an expert like that go she was vital but in the chaos a lot of things and people went missing okay so what about these satellites then why were these trackers allowed to bypass protocols they're supposed to be hubs to rapidly track and pull resources if lives are at stake somewhere that's why they weren't deployed pounding like anyone bypassing his rather stand if this satellite is new how has it kept up with our security measures that's a very good question all right so more about the Dr Zoe then what was Dr Kennedy's role in the initiative she designed the orbital beacons forward stations and half the kit in the Tempest she'd ran an upgrade through before the requisition was on Tan's desk Dr Kennedy disappeared along with the Exiles that was a big loss all right so what about the personal alert then pretty extreme to set up a personal alert why do that a lot of Dr Kennedy's projects were unofficial but you backed them like these trackers I don't want some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] using my access codes to cut a back door into our resources or turn blaming me for it but I also want to know what happened to her all right um got any leads if we have to find the tech or the person Where Do We Begin you've got a sliver of data from the first tracker with more scans maybe suvi can assemble a point of origin obviously these characters are being deployed where initiative Tech is concentrated that means outposts try another Outpost system or place more maybe you'll draw them out whoever they are and when we find them they're stealing our resources my concern is Dr Kennedy a tech their lives in that order oh Addison you are a meanie all right done fine let's start traveling the Galaxy a bit uh so we need to go to well basically the other ones I don't think have our accounts this one but we will see out into the Galaxy we go and we can start with no and that is obviously where both is so yep let's go over there we just got pings by another of those ZK trackers let's try to get close enough to pull some data on it all right then I normally find the anomaly over here and have a bit of a look possibly he's up on it we need a point of origin okay smooth entry then that is when Twitchy self-destruct wait just let me stick up there a common Vector maybe a point good job let's go I mean I thought we were supposed to you know chill out a little bit and not walk right up to it but fine uh all right then Milky Way research data cool so where are we going next then knowledge is where we're going that is a an empty system so to speak anomaly on sensors all right nothing more than that but yes indeed let's find the oh all the way down here that's the whole thing I thought uh-huh you don't want to be more specific all right then fine let's go for this one I'll find out this is the exact enough Point indicated by the ZK trackers right Addison's request let's see if this helps us find her missing scientist damn it just a relay but I think we can get in their feeds hold on signals through ready for coordinate transferring who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we've been found deadhead the cops all right hey you have stolen property you took initiative equipment director Addison wants it back Madison what did she tell you Harlan stop talking is that Dr Kennedy are you okay director Addison is concerned about you and your Tech keep them talking Ryder tracing all I want is to stop the stealing I have outposts of people trying to start their lives Outpost starting lives huh let them see Harlan they just forwarded Dr Kennedy's medical profile she's pregnant that woman is pregnant that woman knows full well the state she's in all right how did this happen what how on Earth did you get pregnant in 14 months you've probably been here that is amazing that is just an hilarious uh question not to actually what she says you are really pregnant what happened when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much they don't let Humanity die out you're with Addison well she fell in line with tan said we couldn't add new mouths until we were stable but this wasn't about waiting until we could afford a house we were dying so I left with enough meds for Harlan and I to get off the blockers how far along Dr Kennedy how long eight months give or take we're not going back you're not getting my tech we'll be fine without you tell Addison [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it don't tell her anything kill it they flashed the core can get a Trace Madison will want to hear about this and I've got questions for her all right so we had a no child policy which is I suppose fine I mean they were in a really dire situation when they arrived so yes straining resources and systems that it would be bad and there would be a lot of time for making babies later yes all right then Addison let's have a bit of a shot director Addison I have a sighting on your missing Dr Kennedy and her trackers she's alive and eight months pregnant [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell that is a good a good reaction uh and indeed that's why she left to begin with she wasn't abducted by Exiles she left because the Nexus had no plan she said you didn't want people to try getting pregnant of course I didn't we had no worlds we knew we would lose people I wasn't going to watch babies die too of all the stupid irresponsible selfish she was always like this even back on Earth she took me into this and now now we have to save her tail all right what do you mean talked you into talked you into wait what did Dr Kennedy talk you into she's an old University friend we were catching up and she mentioned a project she was training for the Andromeda she'd still be here if I wasn't forced to tell her no a year ago ah I see so corio contraception they've been a lot out of Cry Of like 14 months what are you talking about what was the timetable for stopping the contraceptives everyone got before cryo no way to tell it was to be determined you had to know that would frustrate people it was the only answer we could give the alternative was more mouth and More Death I mean are people or rather good people really be that anxious to have babies because that's kind of weird but right and so what would you try to save Kennedy from Dr Kennedy seems to have a group with her stealing aside she has support how long will that last she's the smartest person I know but she jumps without looking Ryder we have two speeches bang for the first child in Andromeda trust me you want the one for the good outcome yeah I think so too so okay fine back to searching for her I suppose we know how to find her we find more of her ZK trackers hopefully you can draw them out by placing more outposts if she hasn't changed the protocol she's eight months she may be distracted this is a complete [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show find them Pathfinder the first human child in Andromeda can't just disappear no we need to parade it out for everyone to see all right go overcome system is so let's get over there no of course not kadara is that one does have oral where is far rocket doesn't actually count as an outpost actually because we didn't reset on a specific Outpost we used to hung around the angaras maybe that actually doesn't count like a proper Outpost or something all right then oh took the door it is scans ready we need Dr Kennedy's location understood believe me all right okay that's very close by to the center signal in the trash try and get me the last message through I suppose we still have to go to it right so let's actually try to be a little bit cautious this time not just run up to with like idiots Kennedy SUV do we have her negative we need another tracker damn it that's uh presumably bad then yes because uh I don't think uh yeah we need another Outpost to be able to do anything about that all right then well as that is the case I mean I kind of would like to go over to EOS for Jaws loyalty Mission uh but I said last episode that I would be scanning assistance and I think I want to do that first so um why don't we oh that's also Cora Harper right you know what okay what we'll do is we'll go from this system in town and scan planets and do chorus and loyal division or the next step because that's related to the sorry Arc which is kind of cool now I'm gonna do this a little bit differently than I have before I'm only gonna show you the plan list that actually you know have something on them because uh many planets simply are very uninteresting and I don't have to show you all of them this might have been a larger system once before the scourge as if we needed a better reason to document everything oh yeah The Scourge is very very prominent here there's also an anomaly so you can uh we can start with that one it's a comet let's have a bit of a look at that one and would you know it Vanadium is it gonna be a lot of an idiom 20. not that long not that a lot not that much no all right then allow me to scan the three parameters here and we'll see if there's anything of note I'm picking up something there we go on the third planet we do we need to find something so do we have hello oh there we go I see a little painting there so that's up in the asteroid field some debris cool we got some XP nothing else all right then so that's that system down heavina I suppose that is all right then over to the next one that would be valon and apparently we can't just go right here probably because of the skirts you know kind of have to loop around even though we actually don't because against the Wormhole travel but whatever looks like we're coming up on a blue Giant for Maya it's often the brightest star the first to rise ah kind of like the polar Stone also yep there's this just a lot of scourge blue on this occasion uh nothing to scan in the system so let's start with the planets all right first planet actually does have something and it's a lovely double ring and I think I know exactly where it is I think I know exactly where it is right there that is also in the asteroid field awesome iron cool let's continue nothing else to report about so it's down to the system where we are going to do something with quora and that is uh slap dab in the middle of the scourge so that's lovely not many signals out here even that random radio noise we get from The Scourge is quieter Yuri Eerie indeed okay and then an anomaly Over Yonder cool uh we'll get to that at the very end so let's scan the planets first and the first one does yield something we have a mineral deposit or similar thing yeah that's some aluminum good good good let's move on and the second actually also has something oh we're getting we're getting a lot of hits on this one that is like our River or something I suppose times yeah it is indeed a river a very very gigantic River doesn't seem to have a beginning point it just starts out in the middle of nowhere that's not exactly how Rivers work but sure more experience points for me and there we go nothing else to scan so Korra what is up with arculus lucilia is this the actual Oracle is it just in nav point for getting closer to it we shall see we're approaching the nav points Cora found something's there it might be an arc but the damn Scourge isn't helping Sam help out with the sensors hard to believe the lucinia could survive in all this this is actually the proper Mission which is lovely all right then what's the analysis why would the asari arc be here manual on crisis situations the Commando you mentioned you still believe she'll Save the Day cerusa was a legend even before she was the Pathfinder's bodyguard she'll have a plan aha detecting an initiative vessel reading life signs minimal power multiple whole breaches she's a wreck I'm gonna call it that the that's a woman is the actual person responsible for everything I am gonna try and call that yes this is probably a bit bad yes either the cat or the scourge really left a mark Calo take us in I'll try must be one Docking Bay still holding together foreign on the ark interesting so it is the actual proper Arc interesting indeed any response to comms nothing maybe their sensors are busted so moving towards the bridge yeah this is uh looking basically the same as Hyperion yes they have borders uh-huh most likely or it was all internal struggles uh is that door by the way anything we can do anything with right now no it's locked down no it's out of power okay so can we scan the things like we did a little Hyperion well there are some there's a banner America these batteries were presented to Lucy near after departure but a time that polite I'm gonna put the high priestesses from across there some Republics I see also some debris over there which we apparently wants to scan okay and more debris more batters it's the exact same text all right then fine letters oh okay Rider that Harper and but Sam just send our ident codes confirmed sorry captain atandra of what's left of the lucinia come up to the bridge maybe you can help fix this mess I would love to help it's all right I'm trying to help so at least we didn't have to fight a lot of uh sorrys at least not uh no okay anything yeah the atrium of this no bodies though but left the captain temp has looked like this how would you feel yeah I mean it's a cat attacked yes that probably would be a thing uh crew compliment Rich crew of Maintenance crew zero security all of them are zero so basically two people left alive or I guess that's it so caution Key Systems critically understaffed advice against civilian States is Revival advice immediate Revival of a vital Personnel so s theories that would be sarisa I suppose family's first Sam and um I have no idea what top is immediate path finder feminist first did she like get her brothers whether her sister alive before vital Personnel then is that is that a thing I don't know but there was another data pad here so power distribution efficient and nine percent track were offline uh critical damage on Deck 12 maintenance and some kind of impacts over in various places yeah the thing is not looking great it doesn't seem to be a lot of people here but where are indeed the bodies I'm sure there would be bodies here right thing to scan here looking a little bit different than the Hyperion yes but you'd invent a Pathfinder team into space respectfully yes we can't take any more chances Pathfinder don't mind the captain scolding me eases her blood pressure I thought you were the wait I thought you were to pass by your bodyguard wait yeah Pathfinder not bodyguard Ryder I hadn't heard a worthy asari Pathfinder the last we knew ma'am matriarch ashara was Pathfinder with you acting as her tiamna I served with the sorry Commandos ma'am memorized all your battle manuals matriarch ashara is dead cerissa was next in line her battle manuals haven't kept the cat off my Ark all right there we go so what's up here let's actually talk facts what happened why are the cat after you matriarch ashara died trying to negotiate with those KET bastards so I took something precious from them too I stole a module containing tactical data all their secret routes through this phenomenon we call it the scourge ma'am if we could outmaneuver the cat through we'd stand a better chance against them their archon had the same thought he sent his Elite agent the Valiant and his destination Hunters after us we take more damage each time we escape the Valiant the last assault he sent forces to board us cyrissa's theft has made things problematic okay so are they still on board then how many borders are we talking about we're not sure but for now they're contained down there we couldn't do more we spent our resources evacuating civilians the Valiant wants cyrissa to pay all right where are the civilians then you've evacuated them but evacuated them to where all right then yeah kind of no it actually wasn't stupid it was actually really really good but uh sure it might have left you a little bit uh on the target side yes Pathfinders have to take risks Captain I've taken my share God has preserved me what would it take to get the ark out of here before this Valiant catches up again in FTL burn long enough to lose him but since the evacuation we've been stuck at minimal power the drive core is dead my people are investigating but those systems are below deck with the cat borders another Pathfinder team could back them up get power for the drive core and my Sam and I will finish deciphering the cat data we'll turn the valance Escape Routes against him consider it done ma'am the last Commando report came from Hangar control I'll give you access please be careful I mean it kind of feels like we're a little bit uh just relaxed having actually found the ark people aren't like happy we're excited they're just yeah okay fine not not the human Pathfinders here that that's all as we expected it to be same thing but quora it's it's a bit weird but all right I think I am gonna put a cut in here uh we are on the luzini of the uh sorry Arc we've actually found it very lovely so hopefully we can maybe do I mean this must be the last part of course uh loyal division right kind of feels weird if it isn't so yeah we'll keep on doing this in the next episode this will be a little bit interesting we're gonna fight most likely a lot of cats that's gonna be lovely for now though this has been Goldsmith gaming with me Christopher thank you so much for watching and I'll see you next time [Music] [Applause]

- How To Run Meta Ads in 2026 (Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. So in this video, we're going to look at Andromeda. Can you see it? Let me zoom in. Let me zoom. Zoom out. Let me zoom in. Can you see it? Andromeda. So before we jump in, I want to talk about the source of the material that we're going to use in today's video. Right, there are three key sources. Well, there actually four. Source number one is a meta article that was written for the engineering team at Meta. Right now, this article was written by the for the engineering team and most likely by engineers. So we're going to pick out very few things from there. We are not engineers. Well, let me speak for myself. I'm not an engineer and I'm guessing you're not an engineer. So, a lot of the jagons inside that article, we're not going to talk about it, but there are certain key things that I need to reference. Okay, that's source number one. Source number two is there's a newsletter that I normally read at least once or twice every every week and it's called the DTC newsletter, right? If you're in e-commerce space and you sell on platforms like Amazon, you use Shopify very often, you should also look at signing up. Again, they're not sponsoring this. It's just something that I use for my personal time and I think it would help you if you have an e-commerce business. Okay, that aside, number three, my head. I have accumulated all this amazing data and I've let's say mashed it up together to bring a simplified version that should make sense to you in this particular video. That's number three. Number four is my money, my hard earned money. Yes, I've been running ads dur throughout this whole period and let's just say Andromeda has shown me shi as well. So those are the four key sources where I am bringing this information out to you. Now permit me to use chemistry to explain Andromeda to you. In chemistry, there's something called a catalyst. Right? If you're into cars, you would have probably heard about a catalyst in a car as well. Okay? Now, the whole point of a catalyst is to speed up a chemical process. So if you're trying to go from point A to point B when you add a catalyst into the mix, it speeds up that process. Okay, how does this concern Andromeda? Now Andromeda is Meta's new ad algorithm system. With Andromeda, your ads are shown to your target customers much more faster than before, right? Why is this possible? is because they have made certain changes within their own platform that is meta. Mark and his boys that have to do with Nvidia chips and all those kind of things that make that whole retriever well ad retrieval process much more personal. Basically what that means is when you put your video or your design or your creative into the ads manager platform that Andromeda algorithm is able to then take that your video or take that your picture and then connect it to the people that would find it relevant to them. Right? And it depends on your campaign objective. If you want those people to take a desired action to purchase, you want them to like a video, you want them to share with a friend, whatever it might be. Andromeda is the catalyst now that speeds up that process. So something will take metal let's say two maybe 2 days or 3 days to identify okay you know what this is working for this person this is not working for this person with andromeda they can do that in hours even seconds. So how exactly is this Andromeda different from what existed in the past right now when you are trying to set up your ad you can add things like targeting. So you can add the demographics, you can add the interest, you can add location, you can add those kind of things. You can give it a targeting criteria that you know what these are the people I want you to target. Go and target them for me. With the Andromeda update, the algorithm that has been put in place and the amazing software, technology, whatever it is you want to call it, that Nvidia have given them access to is now able to just look at your creative. So that your picture that your video that your carousel is able to just look at that particular creative and know that okay this is for Lagbaja this is for Ron this is for Hale Lima this is for Chiaaka that sort of thing that's how andromeda is different from what used to exist before all right so now you know what andromeda is you know why it is different from what was existing before all these amazing things now how do you use it the right way even though I told you in the last point that oh the targeting is done through the creative. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't add any targeting. I'm of the very strong opinion that no matter how this algorithm or update was created, it was first created for a western world first. Mag Zuckerberg would never understand Nigerians better than we Nigerians understand ourselves. That sort of thing. Now, as the algorithm improves, obviously, it will be able to understand my custom audience or my audience, my target customers better. What I mean by this is still add your own custom targeting, especially if you're not spending a lot of money in your budget. What demographic are you targeting? Are you targeting mostly women? Put it in there. What age do these women fall under? Put it in there. What kind of interest do these women have? Now, when it comes to interest, ideally give it between 12 and 15. That's the sweet spot I use. When it changes, I'll let you know. But what I've understood is you can't just leave it to go broad. Because when it goes broad, you know what happens? You begin to get people asking you dumb questions about the product that you're selling. And no offense to those people, but they're just not the word is problem aware. They're not problem aware. So you don't want to go through the process of telling them, oh, this is why you need my product. This is how my product helps people. Mm- You want metal to find those key people for you. So that's why you want to also, you know, put some form of targeting. That's number one. Number two, let's imagine there are two different businesses that both sell phone. Mr. A and Mr. B. Well, Mr. V, actually, [snorts] if you know, you know Mr. V, Mr. A, sorry, Mr. A and Mr. B, right? They both sell phones. Let's just imagine Mr. A. Mr. A, not Mr. V, Mr. A. when he was setting up his ads manager, he had maybe seven to 12 different creatives that he put into the into the new ads manager when he was setting up an ad. And Mr. B just put in one creative. And when I say one creative, I'm talking about one ad. It could be a video, it could be a static image, it could be a carousel. Okay? So, you have your creatives. Put as much creatives as you can. Even before Andromeda, I'd always told you guys on this particular YouTube channel that you want to make sure that your v your your ads are at least three different creatives. You have the static image, you have the video, and you have the carousel. Andromeda has come and Andromeda needs more creatives. So, I think it was the um engineering article that said that the system is able to even handle over 15 million ad creatives in a month. You and I do not have up to 15 million ad creatives and the system can handle more than that. So what's your excuse? The more creatives you put into the system, the better the algorithm will work in your advantage. In the past, what would happen is the money will not be spent. If the ad if the ad you are using the ad creative is crap, meta will not spend the money. It will show you learning limited and it will ask you to up your budget because it has tried it best but the creative service is not working. this time around the Andromeda it will still spend the money cuz the system can push the creative it can force it right and this is what I've noticed so please spend some time have your creative assets and leverage it nowadays you would have to use more static images and AI is your friend there's image FX there's charg there's nano banana there see guys there are so many different AI tools you can begin to use to create good creatives good ad creatives for your Okay. So, you actually want to have a minimum of six different creatives. And when I say different, I mean guys extremely different. Okay. So, if creative number one is talking about how great your product is, let creative number two talk about the testimonials from different people. Let creative number three talk about um the different use case scenarios where your product is being used. Let creative number four talk about the problem around the product that you this problem h the solution around the problem that your product solves. Right? That was a tongue twister but that's these are how you find different creatives. You want to have a minimum of six different creatives that go go down this road. So to make your life easier you can say oh let me have two static images that talk about this two carousels that talk about this and two videos that talk about this. Ideally, if you can afford it, you want to have at least six different videos that talk about different things, right? Six different videos that talk about different things and then six different creat um static images and then six different carousels. Just imagine how amazing your what's it called? Your ads will be firing, right? Just imagine. Okay? And the reason why I'm saying this is it's it's the way this Andromeda setup is. The advantage is it's like a salesunnel. The more ads you give it, the better that sales funnel would run. And what I mean by that is Andromeda already has the capacity to handle millions of ads a month. And its job is very simple. If it shows customer, hey, this creative today and then tomorrow it shows it. It shows it another creative tomorrow and then after tomorrow after so on day three it shows that same customer a different creative. So that's just three different creatives and that customer purchases by day three and is going to record it. The algo is going to record it that okay I show them number one on day one number two on day two number three on day three and then they made that purchasing decision. Okay fine let's get to business and it will start firing that same format to all your different potential customers on meta on Instagram Facebook threads wherever they might be. Okay. So that's why you want to load it with those creatives. Let the algorithm decide whether the creatives are crap or not. And the good thing is with the speed at which this Andromeda performs, it will let you know when the creatives are crap or not. The final one is shortcuts. Now when it comes to shortcuts, the short and sweet answer is there is no shortcut. Okay? There is no shortcut. You're going to have to learn, relearn, and continue learning. Right? But I will help you in a sense where with this meta adromeda update the one key thing the most important thing I want you to know here is and I've been saying this such I've been saying this from from eons ago many many lives ago for those of you that have not seen me and this is your first time seeing me click that subscribe button so you see me more often but I've been saying this for a very very long time your creatives your video your static image your carousel that is what is going to make your customers buy from you if you audit your targeting. Oh, to add targeting for no, no, no, no, no. All that is crap. And if you want to learn how to make creatives that actually convert, watch this video next. If you want to ask me any questions, I'll be in the comments. See you guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @daminiwilliams [4 likes]: Hope you found this video helpful. If you have any comments, feedback or questions - let me know in the comments and i'll respond asap.

Work With Me - https://daminiwilliams.selar.com/
Use Oja Digital For Free - https://ojadigital.com/
  2. @Isholade [2 likes]: Can you create an ads video for us from scratch please on this Andromeda
  3. @Turkebe [1 likes]: Thank you for this breakdown, but please how can I set up my ads with andromeda and leads audience directly to my whatsapp group?
  4. @ifeanyifrancis9417 [1 likes]: Thank you for the heads up boss

That catalyst is really a nice thing ❤❤❤

But
These creative thing will be a bit issue, 😕😔 gonna b expensive to source for
  5. @I_am_mercysandra [1 likes]: Thank you 🙏
  6. @Mahon123: I import cars from europe on customer orders. What Or which Objective in meta ads is good for me ??
  7. @purityloveGodson: Thanks for sharing
  8. @shineenobaby21: Thank you very much for this info🎉🎉
  9. @Prime-d2w: You Just gained a subscriber 😭😭
  10. @teleosFola: I love this video. Thank you!!!
  11. @lanrewajuidris3423: Thanks boss ❤
  12. @tekipeps: Me, I'm an Engineer
  13. @Walebravo: I learnt that with the minimum required budget, even with Andromeda you need to limit the number of creatives to three 
Is it true ?
  14. @OpetersDivine: For the interest… do we stack the 12-15?
  15. @judejack3750: I have been waiting on your review
  16. @affiliatemarketing2808: Hello Dami, 

Thank you for the insight, please could more videos around the meta Andromeda, the will help not only for dropshippers, but business owners, affiliate marketer etc. 
Thank you
  17. @Modern_momentum01: Thank you for being a blessing boss ❤

- The New Meta Ad Creative Strategy in 2026 (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to properly build a creative pipeline that is going to allow you to win in 2026. I'm going to take you through sourcing ads from your competitors, coming up with new concepts, take you through exactly how you should be launching your ads, your campaign setup. I'm going to teach you how to actually analyze the data and how to actually learn from your creatives. And then towards the end, we're going to go into iterations versus new concepts. This is something that's extremely under talked about. A lot of you do not like to use your brains. I'm not talking about cute dogs, car crashes, and BBLs. But you need to start to understand trends in your ad account. And if you're new here, my name is Jared Robinson. I've been running Meta ads since I was 13 years old drop shipping in my parents' house. And now my company makes thousands of ads every single month for seven and eight-figure direct-to-consumer brands just like you. But before we get into the solution, before we get into the actual creative engine and making it, you first must understand the problem and the habits that you're currently doing that are not allowing you to succeed. Right now, you are in a creative hamster wheel, and you need to build a creative engine, which is what we're going to go into today. [music] But right now, what you're probably doing is making a few ads. You have no real structure, no real timetable, no real standard operating procedures. And you have no system or process for consistently finding winning ads. And operating like this is like gambling. You might be able to achieve new revenue thresholds, but it's very hard. You're not scaling very consistently at all. Okay, so the solution here is a true creative pipeline. And you should feel lucky right now cuz we just filmed this entire video and the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] screen recording wasn't on. So, you're getting it second time. Second time's the charm. So, I'm going to explain to you how to conduct your deep research and what I do for competitor analysis. So, for deep research, you are going to want to create a document. And in this document, you essentially want to ask yourself questions that is going to lead you to understanding your ICP, coming up with angles, coming up with hooks, coming up with headlines, etc. So, once you lay out all of those questions, then you're going to want to go crawl on Twitter, Reddit, search the questions, go in TikTok comments, etc. And then you can also run these questions through AI. And the goal of this is just to give you kind of a baseline on what to go off of because most of you do not understand your customer quite as well as you think you did, and there's a lot of things you could learn and a lot of new angles that you can pull if you just actually spent time dedicated to doing research on your customer. So, the second thing is going to be competitor analysis. I like to use things like Atria or Motion. And what these tools allow you to do is essentially just look at what your competitors are doing in like a more pretty format than Ads Library. And they also allow you to do another thing which is extremely important, build a swipe file. Your swipe file and your deep research document are two things that should be ever-growing and ever-changing as you're scaling [music] and growing your brand. It's extremely important that you build a swipe file, and if you're not familiar with what a swipe file is, it's essentially just something that you refer back to. It's a place where you house a lot of content, a lot of ads from your competitors that you can go back to and either learn from or use in your briefs that you make for static ads or >> [music] >> whatever. So, the next thing that you need to do is actually write briefs. So, when you're writing briefs, they need to be specific to either image ads or to video ads. And for your image ads, it's a lot more simple than video. For image ads, you essentially just need your headline, your angle, your CTA, and your visual direction. So, for each image ad concept that you come up with, you should write out a headline, write out what angle you're going after, what customer profile you're going after, write out your CTA, that's essentially like the box icon or whatever. And then for visual direction, you can either write visual direction or you can use an image. And for your video briefs, they're a little bit more complex. You're going to start with your hook, but you don't just need the hook copy, you also need the hook type, as well as the hook visual. This is extremely important because the copy needs to be curiosity based and needs to invoke some type of curiosity or emotion in them. And the hook type is important, it'll be more important later, but the hook visual is also important because it needs to be somewhat scroll stopping. And I'm not talking about, you know, cute dogs, car crashes, and BBLs. I'm talking about things that your ICP is going to find interesting and that's actually going to stop their scroll. So, the next thing is the body of the video. And you can structure the body of your videos however you want, but somehow in the video, you essentially need to talk about the problem and how your product is the solution. And then for the CTA, or at least the end of the video, you need to have some form of risk reversal and then you need to have a true CTA. So, for risk reversal, these are things like, you know, social proof, testimonials, reviews, money-back guarantee, um challenges, anything like that. And then for your CTA, you want to have something like an offer, some sort of urgency, some sort of scarcity, something like that, something that makes them actually click. So, now that you've done your deep research, you've done your competitor analysis, you've written your briefs, you have your ads, now you need to actually launch them. So, when launching your ads, keep it simple, it's pretty easy now, Manis can do it for you or it's going to be able to do it for you soon. If you don't know, Meta just bought Manis. It's a software that an AI that can, in theory, media buy. I haven't seen it yet, but I'm sure it'll be able to soon. So, when you're launching your ads, we're going to go CBO, we are not going to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks, delivery engine is good, everyone's aware of Andromeda, you're going to go CBO. And when you're actually launching the ads, every ad set is going to be a batch of ads. Yes, you can put videos and pictures in the same ad set. Yes, you can put different angles into the same ad set. Doesn't matter. Every time you do a batch, just throw in an ad set, throw in a CBO, let it ride. For all the other stuff like ROAS, CAC, bid caps, cost caps, all that other stuff, that's up to your discretion, that's up to you. Whatever you want to do, all of it's great. Whatever. Now is when we start getting into actual important stuff, things that actually matter. The next thing is going to be learning. And I know this is going to be hard for a lot of you because a lot of you do not like to use your brains, but this is probably the most important These next two steps are probably the most important parts of this entire process. So, the next thing you need, I know we talked about how you need a deep research doc earlier, you need a swipe file, and you also need your briefs. This is going to be another document that you need, and I like to run this out of Google Sheets. You are going to be tracking your hit rate week over week, but also you need to go deeper. You need to break down the hooks. You need to break down the headlines. You need to break down the angles. You need to break down the customer profiles. Break down everything. You need to be learning from every single ad that you launch. And not just learning if it's a winning ad or if it's a losing ad, but you need to start to understand trends in your ad account, angles that are working because every batch, you're not always going to have loads of winning ads. You might have one, you might have two, you might have zero, but you need to treat every single batch as a learning experience. And if you're not doing your learnings correctly, if you're not tracking every single ad, you're not tracking the hook types that you're using like I told you earlier, you're not going to properly understand what the trends are looking like inside of your own ad account. You're not going to understand what angles are actually working. You're not actually going to understand what problems you're selling to. And most importantly, you're not going to understand what ads to make next. You're going to have no fundamental understanding. It's like I talked about in the intro. The creative hamster wheel, not the creative engine. That's what you're on because you're not properly doing learnings. You don't know why your ads are working or why they're not working. You don't know what's going on. So, the next step and the final step is going to be iterations. And this is going to take place in two different pipelines. Pipeline A, which is going to be strictly iterations of previous winners that you take from your learnings. And pipeline B is essentially just going to be you doing this process over and over and over again. So, this is something that's extremely important and extremely under-talked about. People always talk about making new concepts and making iterations of previous winners. But, how do you know how many to make, when to make them, etc.? I'm going to give you a couple of examples here. So, let's say you launch a batch. You don't have tons of winning ads in your ad account yet. And you have a 20% hit rate. Do you think you should make more iterations or more new concepts? I think you should make more iterations. So, your scale should lean heavier here, okay? And then, let's say, you know, your your cost per acquisition is driving up, your winning ads are kind of starting to fall off, and your previous batch that you just launched, you had a 5% hit rate. This is the point where we're not going to be making a whole lot of iterations because nothing that you're doing is working all that great. And you need to be testing a lot of new concepts. So, that's how you can look at that. You essentially treat that as an ever-sliding scale based on how well what you're doing is working versus how well or how not so well what you're doing is working. And so, how we do this is typically on a 2-week time horizon, the way that we do it. During the first week, we do the research, the brief, and we launch. And then, during week two is when we do a lot of learnings, obviously, from the previous week, and iterations. So, this is kind of just an ever-flowing thing from week to week. We're doing, you know, research, new briefs, new launches, and then the next week we're doing a lot of learnings and iterations. So, hopefully, you learned something from that. I made a video similar to this a couple of months ago, but I really wanted to hammer in the actual learnings and iteration this time. I feel like last time it was a little bit more shallow, more about how to get ads launched, and less about how to consistently get winners every single month. And that is by far the most important part of this process is actually learning from the batch that you launch, and then understanding how to iterate on that, when to iterate, and how much to iterate. And if you do run a creative engine like this consistently for two, three, four months, you are going to notice a very significant change in your ad account and in your business. But, if you made it to the end of the video, and you don't want to do this yourself, but you understand how powerful this is, good news, you're in the right place, because that's exactly what we do. We make thousands of ad creatives every single month and generate tens of millions of dollars for our clients. If you want to learn more, just click the link below. There's a bunch of case studies, there's testimonials, there's a full video explainer of exactly how we do what we do. There's some ads that we made for other people, tons of stuff. If you're interested, if you're spending more than $100,000 a month on ads, I would click the link. We're pretty good at what we do. And if you made it to the end of the video, comment the word learn, because you need to learn from the ads that you make. All right, see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @reaganfreas8537 [2 likes]: Learn! Don does is it best. If you own a DTC brand and aren’t working with Jared what are you even doing..
  2. @leogrundstrom_momentss [1 likes]: learn
  3. @nathanaxson [1 likes]: learn
  4. @UliFPereira [1 likes]: This quality is insane!
  5. @soqomommy: learn
  6. @globbo843: 10/10 content, thank you
  7. @topticktrades4821: Let’s say you have 5 products/services. Do you run one campaign for all 5, or 5 separate campaign
  8. @barink-d1q: bro how can i make hit rate kpi ?
  9. @AlexanderFallaria: Hey Jared, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  10. @elliotwight1293: Thanks for the video my man , do you add the iterations in the same adset where you winner is ? and do you have a campaign for MOF + BOF ? or do they have seperate campaigns
  11. @equabilityS: Hi, if I already run a campaign with 15 creatives, should I add more creatives every day? and turn off most worst performing?
  12. @lawaofficiel8683: is the roll of the media buyer is over after manus or it just improved to other things
  13. @Mattadlerr: “Cute dogs, car wrecks, and BBLs” art

- The NEW WAY To Test Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook advertisers are losing their minds when it comes to testing ad creative now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out. I'm seeing so many mistakes being made around this and in this video I'm going to show you how we're still able to test ad creative post Andromeda and we're spending more than 15 million dollars a month across hundreds of ad accounts. We do a lot of testing. >> Oh my god, okay, it's happening. Everybody stay calm. >> What's the procedure, everyone? What's the procedure? >> Okay, so let's quickly make sure that we all understand the problem that I'm talking about here. Now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out, one of the big impacts from that is that we now know we need more ad creative diversity. We need more ad creative and we need it to be different each individual piece to be different from the other pieces of ad creative that we're running within within a campaign within an ad set. If you create ads that are just variations of other ones, let's say there's five different ads that are all very similar, you're testing different elements, Meta will just pick one of those, put that into the auction, the others won't get a fair crack at it. And if you create other ads that are very different visually, could be a different ad format, image versus video, could be uh something that looks very different, then fine. Meta will treat that as a separate ad and and put that into the auction and and give that a go and see how it it can perform. Now, Meta's doing that because they're recognizing that different people respond to different ad creative. They're also trying to overcome ad fatigue, so they're thinking creative diversity, excellent, that's going to help advertisers get better results. But it does create a real problem when it comes to testing and that's that if you find a winning ad format, let's let's take an image for example. You want to make as much of that as you possibly can and you also want to get more detailed and test the various elements to see if you can improve performance. So for example, you might have a winning image and think, right, I want to test different text overlay on the image. I want to test different background color. I want to test it in in that color versus black and white. I want to test including a price banner or not. Well, because those are all relatively minor tweaks of the one image ad, Meta could easily look at those and go, "Nah, they're all the same thing. We're only going to choose one, and that's the only one that actually gets any any budget and any chance to to perform and generate the leads, sales, whatever it is you're optimizing for." But, we know as advertisers that changing the text overlay, for example, on an image ad can have a massive impact on performance because that might be the thing that either gets people to pay attention to the ad or not. It might be the thing that convinces them to take action or not. It could have a really big impact. So, whilst the system might not recognize them as different ads, we know that that can have a bigger impact on performance, and we want to be able to test this. What that has led a lot of Meta advertisers to do is just guess. So, they're thinking, "Well, each ad creative needs to be really different. So, for my image ad that includes the founder holding the product, for example, um I'm just going to have to guess that this is the right text overlay to put with it." That's not a great place for advertisers. That's not how we want to do things properly. That's not how professionals operate when it comes to to performance marketing and when it comes to advertising. So, you can test this properly, and you absolutely should. The way you do it is with the creative testing tool that I'm going to to demonstrate in a minute. So, let me show you how this creative testing tool works. It's very simple. It's included within within Ads Manager, and it's actually the ad level. So, I've just created a quick example leads campaign. You can obviously do this with other campaign types as well. But, if you come to the ad level and you scroll down beneath I haven't set up anything else about this ad um yet. I just want to to focus in on this. Beneath where you set up your ad creative, you've got this creative testing. Now, you can see it here it says here it here it says, "Compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads." That's the really important part. This is why this tool is the perfect solution to the problem created by the job of the update when it comes to ad creative testing. So, if we click in here, we can better understand it, right? So, we can test between two and five different ads. We don't have to just do what, you know, ad A versus ad B. We can test a whole bunch. I'm going to do two for demonstration purposes now, but absolutely fine to to do more at once. You then say how much of your budget should go to test ads. This is just a quick example campaign. Um this is only got a £25 daily budget, so I can say, "Look, use all the budget within this campaign ad set or ad set um for the test, or just use a proportion of it." Totally up to you. Um how long should we run the test for? The default is 7 days, but you can increase this time frame you wish to. This will depend what you want to do here will depend on the conversion volume you're likely to generate. So, we want to see, for example, which ad generates a better cost per lead. So, we need to make sure that we run the test long enough so that we generate enough leads to have data that we can actually use and and rely on. Now, this part is really, really important down here. The default for me within this example is cost per post engagement. So, how do you want to compare performance? Cost per post engagement? Absolutely not. That is not what I want to measure. I want to measure how well this does on a cost per lead basis, on a cost per sale basis, whatever it is the most important metric, not engagement. So, I want to come in here and change this in this instance to cost per lead, but there are obviously lots of other options as well. Now, when I've done this, this is also another important part. It says, "Since your duration or budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated in the drop-down." Basically, that's why they put it at cost per um >> [clears throat] >> engagement. Using this metric can help you get more information results with high confidence. So, what they're basically saying here, without actually saying it, but I can translate for you to some extent, is that, "Look, only spending 25 pounds per day over a 7- day period and optimizing cost per lead, that might not be either enough spent or long enough to be able to know which ads within this test produce a better cost per lead." So, in this instance, what we would likely need to do is increase the budget. We'd have to increase the ad set or campaign budget, right? Cuz that's we can't go beyond the total, or increase the time frame, or both, right? To the point where we now have enough data to be able to run this test and know. I'm just going to leave that as is for now, but just wanted to quickly highlight that this is how you go ahead and set that up. So, then I go ahead and click confirm, and what you'll see happens, very simply, is that within this sort of ad here, we've got these two test ads. And then we can go ahead and you can see these ads are same setup as a regular ad, but we could go ahead and add in different uh creative in this instance, but you can also test other things, by the way. But, we could add in different creative into this ad and then come up to this ad and add in other creative. In fact, I did a little run-through uh a second ago, so let me show you what that looks like. So, this is an example test that we might want to run um for our ad creative. So, this is an image that has worked well for us in the past. We've run this um in ad campaigns for a little while now, and it's an ad for my mentorship program. By the way, if you're interested in mentorship program, link in the video description, you can find out more. We have unlimited one-to-one support, um daily live calls Q&As with me, and expert team members, like, tons of support, really good program. If you're interested, go ahead and check that out. But, anyway, this is a image that we've run for mentorship program. So, very simple format, picture of me, um some results that people have achieved within my mentorship program, a fairly standard image ad, right? Want me to mentor you. We know this works, so we might go, "Right, I want to test this against very similar versions of this, but tweak some stuff." So, here we've got a black and white version of me. We might want to test this against, if I just scroll down and it loads up, a color version, right? With a little bit of a different background, instead of just the solid blue background, we've got sort of uh a desk in um our office behind with some people sat there, and and that be the the look of the ad. Meta could easily look at those two ads and go, "These are the same thing. We're only going to put one into the auction." if we weren't using the creative testing tool, but because we are, Meta will now give these ads a proper go. And what they would do as part of creative testing, it's not just about giving it budget, it's also they're going to keep the delivery of those ads separate, so that you could do a proper test. So, that you go, "Okay, group A within our audience is going to see this ad, group B within our audience is going to see this ad, and then we can compare performance based on the metric that we selected. In this case, was cost per result, but could be something else. Once this test has completed, once that time frame has run out, Meta will then usually go ahead You You do want to double-check cuz it doesn't always happen, but usually then spend more money on the winning version. And you can always turn off the the other version, and delivery will return to normal, and you can go about your ads will be put in front of people as would happen anyway. But this can be a great way to narrow in on the finer detail and actually work out, "Okay, this element does improve performance versus this element." We could see, for example, a 10% 15% difference between the black and white version and the color version. That would absolutely be worth finding out, and we don't want Andromeda to prevent that. And this is how you get around it. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Meta ads. It's the software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads, as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyros has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated 96,000 pounds. But 58,000 pounds of that was not reported by Meta. So, if I was just looking at my data within my Meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So, most of our product services have a recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what did we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Now, there are a couple of other things I need to mention around this creative testing tool. Firstly, it's not as important if you are testing very different ads anyway. So, if for example, you're testing an image ad versus a video ad, Meta's going to treat those different ads. The Andromeda update's not going to get in the way. You'll be able to test. Now, the delivery's probably going to overlap. You might want that. Might be better performance. But, if you are looking to do a strict test to find out does A perform better than B, even if they're very different, you can still use the creative testing tool. But, the Andromeda update is not going to affect that. It's not going to get in the way of that process if the ad's very different. Either different formats or very different visuals. So, what we'd often find is that the initial round of testing, we're less likely to use the creative testing tool because we're finding out the big stuff. What performs better? Image? Video? What performs better? UGC style video versus, you know, really professionally produced versus founder led? Those sorts of things. But, then when we want to get into the more detail, and often the winning happens in working out the detail, then we're going to use the the creative testing tool a lot. Another instance where I really like using it is to test video hooks. So, if you've seen my content before about video ads or hooks, you'll know that hooks are incredibly important to Meta ads. The hook, by the way, is the opening scene, the opening line, usually about the first 3 seconds. And you can take a video ad that's performed really well, change the hook, and it'll perform really poorly. Even though you're only changing the first couple of seconds. Likewise, you can do the opposite and massively improve an ad. Because the hook is what convinces people either to pay attention to it or not. Um and if they don't pay attention to it, they don't find out about your product service, they don't take the action that you want to take. So, when we create video ads, often what we'll do is we'll we'll create just a handful, maybe a couple of full ads, but then we will create lots of different hooks with different visual locations, maybe change the opening line, so that we can create, say, 20 different ads even if we've only produced two full bodies because we've got 10 different hook variations for each. and then we will test those and you'll often see massively varying differences in results between the different hook options. Now, with Andromeda, this doesn't seem to happen all the time, by the way, cuz I have a lot of people say this, and yes, we've seen it in some instances, but not all. What Andromeda, post-Andromeda, what Meta will now do is they might look at two ads that, let's say, are 40 seconds long, and they're identical other than those first few seconds, and and make the same calculations we talked about previously. Aha, these are basically the same ad, we're just going to put one into the auction, the other one's not going to get a look-in. That is absolutely not what you want to do, cuz just like I discussed previously, how changing the text overlay on an image is massively important, changing the hook on a video ad is incredibly important. You absolutely want to be able to test between different um video ad hooks. So, the creative testing tool, exactly what I just showed you, is is absolutely the right way to do that. And you can test the different hooks, and then you can introduce And then, what you can do, basically, let's say you test five different hooks, same main body of the ad, but different hooks, find out which is the winner, and then put that into your ad set without the creative testing, alongside other very different ads. That's when you then test, okay, this is a UGC-style ad versus founder-led versus product demonstration video ad um type setup, right? That's how you go about doing it. So, please do not throw out the hook method, the changing of hooks, which is what a lot of advertisers are doing. If you've got a video ad that's performed really well, and you want to get more out of it, it's a really time-efficient and effective way of doing so is to go and record a bunch of new hooks, edit them onto the front, and then test. You can do that through the creative testing tool. I really I've seen a lot of advertisers say you can't do that anymore. You can, you've just got to use the creative testing tool. Um I know I'm probably uh hammering home the point here, but I think this is this is really key to a lot of how we test going forward. And I think in general, I want to help Meta advertisers relax post-Andromeda, because the standard recommendation now is that you produce 20-plus ad creatives and every single ad creative needs to be completely different from the others. That's an enormous amount of work. It's difficult to produce 20 ad creatives even if you are using say the hook method and five of the ads are exactly the same but just with different hooks or you're creating variations of an image that still work but to produce 20 pieces of ad creative that are totally different from one another and run all those in an ad set together, I think is unrealistic for a ton of businesses and actually I'm starting to see this put people off and get in the way of the making progress cuz it just it it feels like too large a burden. The juice isn't worth the squeeze. It's like if I have to make 20, I'm not going to bother making one. When actually if you just tested a couple of new ads every now and then, compounded over time that can make a massive difference to your ad campaign performance and is well worth doing. So don't let this massive creative requirement put you off. The way I would look at meta ad creative production and testing would be similar to a diet, right? Better to go with a creative production schedule that you can stick to as opposed to the one that's perfect. Just like with diet, we all know what a perfect diet looks like. Can anyone realistically stick to a perfect diet all the time? No. So we need to go with the option that is realistic that we can actually stick with and that might mean that you launch a campaign with four very different creatives and perhaps a few different variations. That's absolutely fine. And if you want more info on meta ad creative, check out this video here. In that video, I react to a number of different meta ads found by my team in the meta ads library. I hadn't seen them before I watched this video. Some are great, some are terrible, well worth a watch. Check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffBrown-h1l [1 likes]: Does this mean the 2 campaign system need not be two campaigns? ie Scale and Test. So we now run one and use the Creative testing?
  2. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @TheSrphatness: These videos have been very helpful. Thank you.
  4. @unbelievablepancake: How different does an ad need to be to NOT use this feature?
  5. @Eetelpiii: 6:33 subscribing because your ad for your coaching was smooth as a whistle 😊
  6. @BryceMccullum: im on a tighter budget would it be worth running 10$ an ad? also how do you feel about reel testing to see if its gonna perform or not?
  7. @train_with_jerome: You are a fountain of knowledge!❤❤❤
  8. @lcorteggiano: Interesting point about testing, first time I hear about it and it was straight in the dasboard. One question about testing with Andromeda. Since now everyone says we should run CBO rather than ABO. When you have  a new batch of ads to test, how do you launch them? If CBO is the way to go, will the new creative - let's say published in a new adset - have any chance against creatives that have been running successfully for a while?
  9. @karunamayiholisticinc: does this mean we no longer need to do ad set budget optimization for Ad testing?
  10. @aarush_119: This is good but before this I used to follow CBO or ABO testing It worked for me at that time
  11. @RealestatephotographyEasymode: on meta calls is there phone screening
  12. @jhoncandia: thnks
  13. @jonathanmui6764: The problem is that you can only run one test at a time. When you spend 4k/d and have 50+ creatives across 4-5 concepts this takes forever.
  14. @madsrasmussen4306: Very good video.
  15. @RafaelBelor: would you still upload all ad creatives into the same adset? if i have an ad that is working well, and want to run a new creative, should i put it in the same adset or create a new one?
  16. @marcmcdermott4742: I've run a few of these now where the ad distribution is definitely not equal. In some cases facebook showing 95% of one ad. Other tests though the tool worked as it should with equal distribution. Have you seen this? Is this a bug you think?
  17. @soniavarghese1515: Once we finalize a winning ada we need to make more variations like that to scale right
  18. @mel12ab: How does the testing work for custom events created via google tags manager? It seems like you can only test for standard events.
  19. @nohopelouis3312: great stuff. subscribed !
  20. @millicentquoilin9044: Hi Ben, I noticed that I can no longer upload a story dimension for my Ad. The upload option is not longer there.  Do you have a video that covers this change?

- How To ACTUALLY Target with Facebook Ads (Post-Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Today we are talking about targeting with meta ads. I've been running ads for over nine years now and at my agency we've managed over $600 million in ad spend and generated over $2 billion in revenue for my clients like Symbiotica where we are literally spending over $250,000 per day. And they are one of the fastest growing supplement brands on the internet. And yes, I did say $250,000 per day. Meta has changed their platform so much recently with the Adrona update and the way we market has completely changed. And it's made a lot of people wonder, do we even need to target anymore with meta ads? Do you need to go all broad? Interest targeting, lookalike targeting. You and I are going to answer those questions together. The answer to that question is yes. For most advertisers, keyword most. You still need to target. We're still using interest targeting and broad. And I see a lot of videos on this topic and no real clear answer. So, I'm going to clear the air up on this for everyone. You have two buckets of people. advertisers spending under 30k per month and advertisers spending more than 30k per month. This is what we call the transition period. And if you're spending under 30k per month, you need targeting. And here is why. You're essentially training this new meta model on what type of people to go after. And without targeting, your ad account doesn't have enough data on it to properly identify these people in the very beginning stages. Now, I don't want to confuse you, but there are instances where you can have a stellar product, an offer, and a ton of unique creative formats and be able to get away with little to no targeting and have only broad audiences in the early stages. So, now we're going to look at an ad account that is spending under 30K. This one has spent $8,800 in the last 30 days at a 5x return in ad spend, generating roughly $46,000 in purchases, all from this campaign setup. And this is a campaign setup that I recommend a lot of accounts start with, especially in the early stages. You still need to have an interest testing campaign. You'll take all of your best performing ads and you'll put them in here and you can dynamically adjust the budgets based off what is getting the highest return on ad spend. You'll still have single interest. A lot of people say this doesn't work still, but it definitely does. Especially when you're spinning lower budgets, you need to guide the algorithm in the right direction and give it audiences to test with. And you're also going to have a second campaign, which a lot of people don't talk about. It's your creative testing because most of you will experience where a lot of spin gets flushed to one creative and doesn't spend on the other. So, we're going to take totally new creative testing concepts and drop them in multiple interest audiences to be able to test those creatives. That way, we ensure we get spin towards those. And once they're proven, we're simply going to copy those ads and paste them into our scaling campaign. And eventually, we'll start to transition out of this structure. But this is definitely the structure you want to use in the early stages. you're still going to have a retargeting where you're retargeting your past website visitors, your Instagram engagers, your Facebook engagers. As you can see, it is very much so working extremely well. This allows us to build up all of the data we need, get to active, where we can eventually start to switch out of this and go into CBO and go more broad. But at this point in time, at these spin levels, you do not need to be going entirely broad that early. You definitely need to be doing your audience testing and lots of creative testing at these stages. Now, if you're spending over 30K per month and you're trying to manually target, you're pretty much just standing in your own way because at this point, the main thing you want to focus on here is creative and a ton of it. Now, here we are inside of an ad account that is spending over $30,000 per month. In the last 30 days, they've done about 40k in spend and they've generated $216,000 in sales at a 5.5x return in ad spend. And what you'll notice here is the budgets are now on the campaign level, not just the adset level. And the reason this matters is because at this point in scale, it's going to be much harder for you to be transitioning budgets between different interest audiences. Whenever you're on the CBO level, Meta at this point already knows who to target and can adjust your budget dynamically to get you the best rorowass. And not only that, but we really don't have any specific interest by this point. We're actually going broad because the algorithm is now trained up. And what you'll see inside of this campaign is product collections. So these are all just broad audiences. Whenever we look at this, this is an entirely open audience with no targeting. These are just broad audiences, but we're segmenting them by product. And you can see they're getting very consistent return in ad spend here. 5x, 8x, 6x, 7x rorowaz, and getting lots of purchases at much higher spin levels. And that is because Meta now knows who to go after. You've already guided it to this point. And you don't want to have a lot of overlap between your audiences. And by this point, you can essentially just spend a lot more with way less structure. And we can look at these other campaigns. They're just simply segmented by product line. If you do not have multiple product SKs, then you're just going to have, you know, really just broad audiences and advantage plus audiences at this point because it makes it much easier for Meta to really scale up. And you can just focus on the creative. So you're going to have, you know, 15 unique ad creative formats, whether they're review based, features, and benefit based UGC videos all plugged into each and every one of these broad audiences. and you're just going to be scaling on more of the campaign level at this point. Now, what is for both buckets of advertisers? This is an absolute must after the Andromeda update. We are going to target through our creative. Now, we're inside of an ad account. And what I mean by that is with this Adromeda update, really creatives is the key thing to all of this. And we're inside of an advantage plus campaign, which you can have an advantage plus on both sides. So, if you're under 30 or over 30K per month, you definitely want to have an advantage plus with at least 10 to 15 creatives. And inside of this, when we're talking about how we target through our creative, it really comes down to the totally unique ad creative formats, especially when we begin to scale up and you have lots of ad creatives in here, we want to start leveraging what we call a flexible ad format. And flexible is essentially where we take 10 creatives and put it inside of one ad. And this is best done when it's a specific creative format. So, in this case, it would be reviews. And we would have 10 review ads. As you can see here, these are all reviews. And we're essentially putting them inside of one ad, which makes it one unique ad format with 10 variations of the reviewbased creative. This allows Meta to rapidly test with this Adromeda update and be able to identify which one is working best. Also allows us to get creatives at scale. And so that way, Meta can dynamically plug in the creative based off the user's journey in terms of whenever they're most likely to buy. So you would have a flexible format with all of those creatives inside of it. And then you're going to have totally unique formats on each of these ads. So, as you can see, our next ad is a UGCbased video and they're talking about the product and demonstrating it. The next ad creative is going to be an us versus them. And the reason we do this is because every market appeals to different creative angles and also every buyer stage at which they're in, they might already be educated on your product, but they're not fully convinced. So, that's where the reviews come in. Or they might not know anything about your product. So that's where the education comes in or they know about it but don't know how to use it. That's where a product demo comes into play. So you want to have each of these unique creatives because once you start to go broad and have advantage plus or even interest, the creatives can do the targeting for you because Meta will now be able to know which ad creative to show to which pocket of audience to get them to convert. So we're going to have totally unique ad creatives in here. The three reasons why we have the UGC, we have too delicate to wear. And all of these are going to be getting spent and Meta is going to be showing them at the exact right time that we need them to, which is why this is performing so well where we spent literally $5,400 to make back $50,000 at a near 9x return on ad spend. So, it's very important that we have the right amount of creatives, make sure they're totally unique, and we're going to begin using flexible formats to increase the number of creatives we have at scale without having to manage 10 different review ads. We're going to consolidate those into one creative format. and have multiple flexibles along with all of our other creatives combined. Earlier in this video, I said most advertisers should target if you're a huge account and you're spending 500k to a million per month or like our client here, Symbiotica, spending $250,000 per day. All right, so just to recap the three buckets, if you are under 30K, you'll have an interest testing campaign where you're targeting multiple interest. You'll have a creative testing campaign where you're dropping in new creatives and you'll have a retargeting audience. If you're over 30K, you're going to be focusing on CBO with broad audiences. Now, for the third bucket, if you're spending well over $500,000 per month, you're strictly going to be focusing on Advantage Plus and broad audiences, and you're going to have a plethora of ad creatives where you're using flexible formats to be able to handle the volume at scale. So that way, Meta can do all the targeting for you and show the creatives in the right place at the right time. Running meta ads is easier than ever before. Now, for some reason, everyone online wants to make it sound so scary and confusing. It's really not as complicated as everyone makes it out to be. And the cool thing about this new update, you don't need a ton of crazy campaigns. You don't need all these complicated media buying tricks as long as you just adjust your account structure at the right stages of spin like we covered in this video. You'll be able to transition and scale to those 1K, 10K, and even 100K day spin levels. But you can't forget the most important part out of this entire update. This new system rewards highquality creative. Meta removed about 90% of the manual work for you. And Meta is literally going and finding the best customers for you with this new predictive modeling. And it's truly the only lever that moves rorowaz. Which is why I put together a full tutorial on how I do creative in this postromeda era. And you can find that here in this next video I picked out for you right here. I'll see you inside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChaseChappell [1 likes]: Scale your brand: https://calendly.com/d/cp3p-3s4-prg/1-on-1-ads-mastery-mentorship-30min-chase-chappell?utm_source=youtube
  2. @burakbozkurt51 [1 likes]: Teşekkürler.
  3. @ReidBerger-u5h: Great video!!! Thanks man
  4. @KerestesTena: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  5. @Playveritas: So are funnels dead? Run sales campaigns? Do you have these retarget eachother so you can tell a story or do you just run sales campaign ads on more and more creative?
  6. @Phillip-n3q: A good lecture that will benefit all who have followed this excellent explanation.
  7. @Lowell-q4o: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  8. @stimulatedtv: Could you please explain one thing to me. When you have your audience in your testing interest campaign and the ads and audience is working you just copy the whole adset to the creative testing campaign?
  9. @DurwardRice-w6r: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  10. @MonicaValenzuela-v9x: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  11. @Dilkajunun: Okay, but Facebook has just now (last ten days) killed all targeting possibilities apart from really broad ones. What can I do now? (I write novels and my ad spend is a few K per year.) I think, I have to switch to automatic targeting. Who can teach me how to do this right?
  12. @Emerson-j4l: No water, fast! Way to go.
  13. @Giuseppina-q1e: No water, fast! Way to go.
  14. @ashton_fitness: Amazing video Chase! 
Question: should I do purely interest testing or interest testing with advantage+?
  15. @marketmonster6055: if you are running ads for a roofer, hvac locally , broad or some type of intrest?
  16. @mystereo100: Hi Chase! 
Nice work, thank you!

If we have around 3-5k spend per month, the 4 campaigns method with: 
1. Creative testing ABO
2. MoF Retargeting ABO
3. Retargeting A+ Shopping CBO
4. Interests ABO

 will be ok ?
  17. @MegadutaShrivastav: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  18. @GovindaPanda: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  19. @learning11-d3g: Chase! Appreciate this. so 30k a month CBO campaign setup. Are you doing adset budget mins?
  20. @MrSkeltonn: Please Reply ME, How did you create the ADS ?

- Is Advantage+ Audience RUINING Your Facebook Ads in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en Should you turn off Advantage Plus audiences in your Facebook ads? Well, I just spent $2,500 testing this and I'm going to share with you guys exactly what I found so we can answer this question once and for all. And the results might surprise you. So, let's just jump in and talk about it. All right, so we are here in my ad account and I'm going to share with you guys how I set this up. But from a highle overview, I set up one campaign or two separate campaigns. Okay, campaign number one which has an advantage plus audience in it. And then I have campaign number two which is just a broad campaign. Now for all the ads that I run I typically just stay with broad. It reduces the amount of complexity in the ad account. So again one is just broad with that has tight age ranges. One of them is a vantage plus that's also broad. Okay. Now inside of this I kept the same exact ad inside. Okay. So I made no different changes. Same exact copy, same exact image. It's just an image ad. Okay. Nothing different. The only difference was how I set up the adsets. So before I give you guys the results, let's just talk about what Advantage Plus audiences is, okay? And when this was released, this was released about a year and a half, two years ago, and it was uh one of Meta's ways to, hey, we're going to start to go further than the audience you give us, and we're going to use our artificial intelligence to find the right people for your ads. Okay, so this happened, and then, you know, six months later, Andromeda happened. And the big message with Andromeda is the creative does the targeting. My question was okay well if the creative does the targeting does the adset advantage plus audience matter or not? Like does this also help with the algorithm? That was my initial question I had because a lot of people in 2025 were saying hey just do broad don't do advantage plus. Then in 2026 everybody is saying leave advantage plus on and just send the best pixel data back. So, it left me thinking, well, what's the best way to do it? So, I went ahead and made this test and I'm going to give you guys the results that I got after just testing this with 2500 bucks, right? Ready? So, let's jump in. Okay, so coming back to this here again, I have two different campaigns, one ad set in each campaign. And let me show you how I set this test up before I I go through the results. So, this one with Advantage Plus on, I did put value rules on this. And the reason I used value rules was because this will allow this to be a fair test. If I didn't and I had set age parameters that are very strict in the broad campaign, typically I advertise to 25 to 45 year olds. That's like my ideal avatar. So that is what the broad campaign is set up as. So we can kind of scroll down and I'll I'll do that one first. But you'll see advantage plus audience over here is turned off. To get to this settings, there's typically a button here on the advantage plus that will say click here to further limit the reach of your ads. So, I clicked on that, which used to say, do you want to use the original audience settings? Now, they've used the verbiage of this is going to limit your performance of your ads. And I went in here, all right, for the broad campaign, and I set a strict age parameter. I turned off use as a suggestion, okay? Because if you don't, like if I just turn this thing on here, advantage plus is on. Okay? So, if you didn't know that, just turn this off and that's what's going to turn off advantage plus in your campaigns. Okay? And then in the other one, because I didn't have that, I didn't want to suggest an audience. That's silly. But you can set more direction of like spending with the value rules. So I came over here in the value rules and I set a value rule. So what this does is this will decrease my bid because Facebook is a bidding auction platform. It'll decrease the bid how much it'll I'm willing to pay for anybody outside of the age range of 25 to 45. Right? So, if they're 18 to 24 or they are 45 and above, I'm going to decrease the bid by 90%. I'm 90% less likely. Do not put put my money in front of these people unless you are 100% sure they're going to convert. Okay, so that's how I set these two adsets up. Now, let's look at the results. Okay, so we spent $1,284 about $1,285 on the advantage plus and then with the broad campaign I spent $1,280. All right, and now drum roll results. They're pretty much the same. Okay, there is pretty much no significant difference between these two. Okay, and this was actually surprising to me. I thought the advantage plus audience with value rules would outperform the broad campaign, but for the event that I'm optimizing for, there was no significant change. Okay, look at the difference. There was one person that converted more uh on the broad campaign. Now, let's kind of keep going into the more of the data to see was there anything else that was affected. CPMs, this is how much it costs you to put this ad in front of a thousand people. It was about the same. Okay, a little bit more expensive for broad and a little less expensive for Advantage Plus. But looking at this, this is not significantly different. Okay, the cost to be put in front of a thousand accounts, this could be shown to more people, etc. or the same person over and over again. And this is like unique people. It's pretty much the same. Okay, so all these numbers look the same. The frequency was a little bit higher on Advantage Plus than broad. And that's because it did do a little bit more retargeting. I mean, not a ton. If we want to walk go through the breakdowns, I set this campaign up as a sales campaign even though it's a lead campaign because it would allow me to see how much money was spent between engaged users, existing customers, and new audiences. This is set by me. And you can, if you are an advertiser, you can set that in the advertising settings. And engaged audience is anybody that's been to my website in the last I think it's 180 to 365 days. I'm not sure, but the last 6 to 12 months have they been to my website? And you can see Advantage Plus did have a little bit more spending there, right? about $25 more, which people have been saying, "Oh, yeah, you're going to get a lot of retargeting with Advantage Plus audiences." Well, looking at this now, regardless of what you do, you're going to get a decent amount of retargeting. About a third of my budget on both of these campaigns went to retargeting. Okay? So, even if you go broad, you're going to get retargeting. How I set this up, this might be a little advanced, but for those who are into the weeds like me, I have the first click Cappy imports is passed back into the ad account. So, I'm optimizing these ads based off of new leads, not like who who click on the ad the first time and uh become a lead. So, this is optimized for new leads, but again, it's still going to be getting in front of engaged audience, which is uh people who are already existing in my network. Okay, so let's keep coming down the results. Click rate was a little bit higher on broad, but again, not significantly different. Maybe 25 cent different cost per click, but nothing super significant. Okay, so right out the gate, I'm gonna just, you know, say this. I don't think it matters. I think if you use Advantage Plus with value rules or you go broad, I don't think it matters. I think post Andromeda, the thing that does the targeting is the creative. And we can see that just by this campaign structure here, right? We are limited. You could say, "Hey Matt, well, what if I put a lookalike audience in one of these and had a very tight age range and I did a lookalike with Vantage Plus?" I imagine that the Advantage Plus would win because it's going to go well beyond that. And Facebook is encouraging us to spend money on a broader audiences. So for me, I always use broad campaigns in my ad account and the clients I work with unless we're doing DM ads or you know follower ads. I I will often experiment with lookike audiences, interest sacks, etc. because quality matters there and we can't yet uh say yet optimize for qualified leads or qualified DMs. I may have found a way to use copy imports with DMs. We'll see. We'll see. So, but uh we'll wait on that. Okay. So, first glance, it doesn't matter. Make better ads. Now, second thing I want to show, we're going to go in a little bit more advanced data. So, if that's all you need to hear, cool. You can you can stop watching the video. If you guys want to go into some more nitty-gritty weeds with me, let's keep going. So, this event that I optimize for here is for complete registration. And this means qualified leads. So, anybody who's coming in through this funnel, they go to my website and they have to answer a question before they opt in. Are you making at least 5K per month? So, you're not a beginner. Well, you're still beginner 5K a month, but you know, you're not like, I don't have any clients. And then, can you invest at least a thousand bucks a month? And if they say yes to that, that's what fires this qualified events. Okay, so that means we still have some people who opted in who were not a qualified lead. So, let's just look at that. Okay, and I use Hyro as my plugin for ad data. So, I'm going to go ahead and make this bigger. So, in total, so hopefully you guys can see my 71 column over here. So, again, these are the qualified leads. There was 71 qualified that came from advantage plus 72 from broad. Total number of leads was 147. So about half of them were qualified. It's pretty good. And then from the broad about 159 came in. So we got more leads and actually were lower quality relative to the percentage that came in. And then uh this is new leads. So this is the first time they ever entered their information into the system. Again I optimize for this. The results column over here again is for qualified leads and it's firstclick attribution. That means that this is the first ad that they clicked that got them into the ecosystem. That's what I'm optimizing my ads for. Okay. So, we got more leads essentially from the broad campaign, but the quality uh technically was worse if we look at the percentage, but again, it's so significantly not different uh at all. Like it it to me I'm still going to go broad. Now, you also see in here, you'll be like, "Well, Matt, it looks like you got some calls booked too with the Advantage Plus or with Abroad. More than Advantage Plus." Yeah, sure. I got four calls booked. This event, this is for a free miniourse. Most of the people will not book within the first seven to 14 days. They'll often book about two to three months after some being 6 months plus. So, this campaign or this funnel is a very long-term nurture funnel. It's not meant to get calls. I mean, if we get calls, great, but it's not designed for that on the front end. So, we did get four calls that came from the broad audience, and only one of those was quality. With the Advantage Plus, it had one call, zero qualified calls. And again, you might like, well, Matt, that's got four more calls. Why wouldn't we just optimize for this? I wouldn't do this. Like, it's just going to make it so much harder for you. Again, it doesn't matter if it's broad or advantage plus. But whatever event you want, that's what you should optimize the ads for. So, for me, I wanted for this one, for this test, complete registration. So, I wanted qualified leads. If I had changed this for, hey, I want booked calls. The numbers may look a little different. But again, what I'm I'm trying to get across is I don't want you to think, oh, this got more calls, this must be better. It got more leads. It must be better. No, that's not necessarily the case. It's not significant. And then two, the event that I'm optimizing for is for qualified leads. Okay, so really cool uh data. I I was really excited to test this. And you know what I would like to know is if you guys want any other me to test any more things, let me know. Okay, like you can drop this in the comments below. Like, dude, this was super cool. Like, you spent $2,500 to test this. You know what else would be really cool to test is this. Like, let me know cuz this was a really fun video for me to create cuz I got to learn from it, too. All right, but end of the day, if you guys watch this, the question is, will Advantage Plus ruin my ad accounts? The answer is no. Okay, the biggest thing that you can do right now post Andromeda in this age is optimize for the right events and make ads that call out your ideal avatar. your ads today. Do the targeting. Okay? And that's shown just by Advantage Plus verse broad. All right? So, that's all I got for today, guys. Hope you guys enjoy this. If you like videos like this, smash the subscribe button for more videos and we'll talk soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @zeeshanzeeshan1149 [1 likes]: very educational.thanks. what would you say if it comes to a new pixel? still go with ADV?
  2. @TaylorWhittier-k7f [1 likes]: Can you also do advantage plus creative and advantage plus placements
  3. @thefreedomethod [1 likes]: Did retargetting changed? no longer works to do 120 day engagement,...
  4. @bethanamuneeswar7057 [1 likes]: You are the person really good in showing the actual real world stuffs in advertising
  5. @hanee012 [1 likes]: Hi Matt,
Thanks so much for sharing your insights—I just subscribed to your channel.
Quick question: did you compare results by age group, and were both campaigns spending roughly the same amount across those segments?
I run an online clothing store and use UGC from women in their 20s. When I turn on Advantage+ targeting, Meta ends up delivering more impressions to the 55–65+ age group instead of my core audience (ages 22–45). 
While the styles aren’t really designed for that demographic, they are converting, which makes me wonder whether my situation should be handled differently than yours.
  6. @LifeHacker8 [1 likes]: Why value rules? Why not in pure ADV+ let creatives decide the right ages. After all that’s the whole point if ADV+ as per Meta 😅
  7. @TaiwoMaryifeoluwapo: Cool!
Is running ads directly from Instagram (not boosting post) more effective than running from Meta ads?
  8. @polak3015: But you didn't do a straight up comparison because you changed how much you're willing to spend on certain audiences. A proper test would have been leaving it in its default state.
  9. @denisthetuna: What about the age frame the ad was shown to ? also same? the both ads was shown to the age you want or they are different ?
  10. @ok373737: You did the best possible A/B test with your budget. BUT 71/72 conversions per variant is not enough. 
We'll need probably a few thousands of conversion per variants to reach statistical significance .
  11. @pedrosoares7139: That was VERY helpful. Thanks!
  12. @chrismurrrrphy: Great Value as always here Matt!
  13. @rem_ecom: For anyone interested in creating promotional videos for their products using artificial intelligence, I'll guide you to a platform that produces any video, in any style and language you want, in just two minutes. The link is in my bio
  14. @Insightful_Pipe_MCP_Connectors: Legend
  15. @nguyenngockhanh43: Great video. This was awesome. Thank you Dr. Matt:face-red-heart-shape:
  16. @MC1-z9j: Hey, Matt. Thanks for doing the experiment and video. I'm running a CBO for purchase conversions (clothing brand) and haven't been able to turn off Adv+ Audience since some time last year. When I click off "use as a suggestion" Adv+ On is still in the corner - any ideas? Do you think it matters for this type of campaign? Thanks!
  17. @GuaranteedPPC: Advantage+ works particularly well in 1) Large niches 2) Where you have a good strong set of traffic going to your site already that converts from what we have found at our firm.
  18. @teachloop-in: Hi matt awsome video as always, i had an issue is that i have a qualification form on the LP before making a lead to book the call, but the leads fill it incorrectly, they get technically qualified, and Pixles fires and it becomes a vicious cycle of junk leads. any soluiton?
  19. @kapilvirani: I know you use GHL to send data back to Facebook using CAPI. What do when you're using a different LMS like Kajabi?
  20. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc: Great video — insightful and engaging. Really appreciated the value shared here. Thanks for posting content that teaches and inspires

- Beating the Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en I mean, nobody does this. So, for the last seven years, we've been running our agency and we've written hundreds, thousands of of ads. Some have been winners, some have been duds, right? And but we for the most part, we've done a really good job and we've written a lot of winners. Uh over when Andromeda hit, everything went crazy and we're like, "Okay, what are we going to do?" And then we started looking at our campaigns and where everybody else was talking about how their campaigns were tanking, ours just kept working. So we're like, well, okay, let's just keep doing what we're doing. Well, this came around and somebody asked, "What are you doing?" So I showed them and I we built the workshop and so there's a way to come in and actually see exactly what we're doing. But instead of actually telling you about it and saying, "Hey, come to the workshop." I want you to come to the workshop and see what's happening. But let me just show you first because this is this is how it works. So let me pop over and just show everything and then you can make a decision whether you want to come to the workshop or not. So, first things first right here is we're going to jump in and what I did is I did a little interview with one of our clients and this is is one of those cases where the best thing in the and always is the best action on all these things is always simply to use the language of your market. Right? So, I'm like, okay, what if I do that? So, first things first is I went and I did an interview. Now, in this case, I'm going to go through how we do all this. And all I did in this case is I said, hey, I wrote all of this. This is our IP. this is all the stuff we have inside our system and all I've said is you know what here you go here's the transcript for the interview and let it go to work because I built this so it would actually pull everything out now while this is coming out and you can start to see it's pulling out specific elements and building blocks that we use to construct ads so that later we can come back and start to test and see what's winning. Now in this case we're just going to go through and do everything. Now, there's no way in a little 30 minute interview, which is what this was, that I could get everything that I want to build ads forever. But what I could do here is, you know what? I could actually come through and draw and get most of it. So, I'm going to just grab that, and I'm going to flip over to our second animal here, which is our assembler. And what we're going to do now is we're going to take those building blocks that we put together, and we're going to turn all of that into actual copy. Now, in this case, uh, what I'm going to do is I'm going to post that those raw materials that we just put together, and then I'm going to simply hit return because the system's already built. Now, we cover all of this in the workshop. Now, it's all it's going to ask me here is, do I want all five? I'm going to say no, let's just do this first tree. Let's do the first three. Right. All right. So, that should pop us off and let us go. And this just saved a little bit of work because in that interview that I just input into this, I didn't actually go in and drive down it hard into their offer. Now, what comes back out of here are actual hooks. These are the first line of ad copy and we can test them to see what the market responds to. And it's perfectly oriented to line up with how Andromeda works and how they want extra creative and they want all these options. They want to, you know, hit the right message at the right time. So, we've got all these key different awareness levels tapping into the old school methods that we know work as well as the new school technologies we have available. So, it literally wrote, you know, 30 hooks here. It could have written up to 50. Now, the cool thing about all of that is really is that it it's set up to work. At this point, I don't have to do anything except load them up in my ads manager, turn on the test, and start working. Now these are just two of the tools that we have available within the agile OS right and this ones are just just two but they do a ton of work. So instead of an hour and a half or two hours of work literally we have carved 30 creatives out of that. Now we feed that into the ad builder which takes our takes the ad format and now we have long copy ads put some video with it and now literally within a ser a few minutes you have dialed in 50 100 creatives that you can now drip into your campaign manager and actually find your winners fast. Now you want to see how we do it. You want to see the elements that we pulled out the building blocks what they are. We have a free workshop around here's going to be a link. Uh it's called the rapid response workshop because we want to do this fast. So it's completely free to attend. You can come in, see everything. Uh take what you want, run with it from there. If you'd like to access the GPTs, that's available for our VIP members. And again, come to the workshop, see how it is. If you like it, great. If you don't, no big deal. But you have seen what's working now in hundreds of accounts and is going to continue working because the one thing that never changes is your people's words will connect better than any copy ever will. All right, give this a try. I'll talk to you soon.

- Meta's Andromeda Update Is Killing Your Ads - Here's the Fix: Kind: captions Language: en If you're seeing terrible results with your ads that used to do well, this is because of the new update that Meta has rolled around. Now, I've seen a lot of YouTube videos talking about the Android Meta update. The issue with all these videos is that none of them tell you what to do to fix the problem. What I'm going to be breaking down in this video is exactly what I've been doing to improve the results across my entire client base and my ads specifically. With this update, the biggest change is the volume of creatives that you need to be pumping out. Now, of course, there's like micro changes here and there and like certain audiences that no longer exist, but at its core, what Meta wants to do is they want you to focus on creating captivating content so that their users are actually enjoying the experience of watching your ads. So rather than coming up with the normal content blocking framework that I preach, which is film a bunch of hooks, a bunch of bodies, and a bunch of call to actions, and then mix and match where you can have hook one, body two, call to action three, hook one, body two, call to action two, etc. What you want to do now is you want to add one layer to the content blocking framework, which is the angle. That is the most important part of the Android meta update. So I'll give you an example. If you are talking about buy my service, you might be attracting lower-end customers. For example, let's say you are preaching for seven and eight figure business owners. This is what you're missing versus this is how you grow your business to $50,000 a month. The big dogs are not going to be impressed with that dollar amount. Yet the people that are just starting off are going to be impressed with that dollar amount. Now, you could be servicing people on the lower end, middle end, and high end of the market with the same exact ad framework. So, the best thing to do is to write down 10 different angles for why people decide to work with you. Even if you think it's stupid, the angle itself is going to attract a customer base that is impressed with that specific stat. Because the thing is you are not only selling to yourself, you are selling to strangers that you don't know how they like to buy. So after you write down your 10 angles, what you want to go ahead and do is go back to the content framework of hook, body, call to action, and this will allow you to film tons and tons and tons of content and block it in a way where you have hundreds of ads that could be ran at once. Before we used to recommend a few ads. Now you want to publish as many ads as possible. Allow them to spend. So obviously if there is one ad consuming a lot of the spend, you want to move it into a target audience or a campaign of its own. And you want to allow all of these ads to actually show you what they are capable of doing. So let's just run the math as an example. Let's say we have 10 angles, okay? And within each angle we have three hooks, two bodies, and three call to actions. This is not a lot of hooks, bodies on call to actions. I'm just giving you the bare minimum. With that 10 * 3 * 2 * 3, you have 180 ads that you could be doing right now, which is literally going to take you less than 30 minutes to set up these 10 angles and come up with these hooks with the help of Chad GPT or whatever it may be. And probably is going to take you about 2 to 3 hours to film these videos. This is significantly better than writing entire scripts and filming them back to back because to film 180 ads in that format is probably going to take you months and months and months of time. So, the best thing you can do in order to optimize your business with the speed of what Meta is doing to grow is pick an angle, dissect that angle, and then come up with hooks, bodies, and call to actions specific to it. Film those ads and launch them. You might be surprised. There might be an angle that you barely even considered that is actually getting you the most highquality customers that you want to work with. And again, your angles, they have to be different. This is going to force you to think outside the box and it's going to force Meta to go and get you customers that are attracted to that specific angle. Now, when all of that is set up, make sure that you are having the right tracking in place. You want to set up either a thirdparty app or at least at the bare minimum set up UTMs that are uh transferred dynamically through your website landing page or whatever it may be. So when you are converting deals, you can go back to which angle got you those deals and then you can dive deeper into that specific angle. Now, the next time you're filming that angle that's getting you the customers, now you're doing 10 hooks, five bodies, six call to actions, whatever it may be in order to dissect and dive deeper into that specific angle. So, the name of the game is no longer have a great hook. The name of the game is find the angle that people want to buy from. And that's pretty much it for this video. I hope you guys enjoyed. I cut out all the fluff of what you guys need to know about the Android Auto update. And I just gave you guys exactly what you need to do to improve your ad results. So, if you found this valuable, hit that subscribe button and I'll see you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jowau: Such good advice! You’re an ads BOSS!
  2. @conorreynolds3806: You still doing one ad one ad set and then rolling winners into CBO for scaling ? Also you using manual sales or using advantage plus ?
  3. @SirToxicOfficial: 🔥🔥🔥

- How To Use the Facebook Ad Library To Find Winning Ads | Meta Ads Tutorial 2024: Kind: captions Language: en so welcome back to another video my name is Jack Newman I run a digital marketing agency specializing in generating revenue for our clients and there's a link below where you can learn more about that by going to our website ukbmarketing.com and you can also use the link below to book a call with me if you want to see if what we offer is a right fit for you but with that said let's jump into the first step of using the Facebook ad library for your business so what you want to do is you want to go to facebook.com forward slash ads forward slash Library that's going to take you to here now what you can do is you can essentially search for a few different things you can enter in your location so I'm in the UK you can choose an ad category if you want to select ads that are in a specific ad category I'm just going to leave that blank or just select all ads basically and then you can start putting in some different keywords okay so this is where you can just search directly for competitors or you can search based on specific keywords so let's just look at a couple of companies so I really like this company here at the quotated athlete and I really like their product so what I can do is I can actually go onto their website I can scroll down and I can try and find their social media so I can try and find their Facebook I can then just copy this I can go to the Facebook ad Library paste it in and it's going to show me a few options now this is obviously them you can see 73k likes 236k followers on Instagram so I can click that and it's going to show me the ads that are running for that company in the United Kingdom so you can see 36 ads are running right now it doesn't give you metrics like spend or conversions or performance you can't see that using the Facebook ad Library unfortunately however there is also a benefit if you are the one running the campaigns you don't want your competition to see exactly how you're doing however it does give you a lot of opportunity to start doing market research based on things like the creative the copy where they're sending their customers and overall how they're positioning their brand so what I would do is I would have a scroll through and I would start to watch some of the creatives I would start to see what they're doing how their marketing so you can even click on one of these ads to see a little bit more details and you can then see the creative and full size like this you can go through you can start evaluating whether you think this is a good ad a bad ad what you like about it you can see the ad copy you can also then click on the destination it'll take you through to whether actually running their ads to as a landing page so a lot of great opportunity here okay and you can go back you can do the same again so you can look at that copy like I say you can add have a look at the other running sales they're doing images they're doing videos another thing I like to look at is how long the campaigns have been running for so if a campaign has been running for a long time to me that would indicate is potentially working well most companies that have got ads management agencies and or have internal team members managing campaigns if they're not doing well they're not going to run them forever okay so you know if a campaign is launched today so for example as I'm filming this it's the 6th of May so for example this one's been released in April fair enough but it's still probably quite early days but if I scroll all the way back and I have a look at some of these campaigns that have been running since January they're probably working quite well otherwise why else would they be running okay so that's not a complete fact you can just take and assume you have any AD that's been running for a long time is working because there is of course the opportunity for mismanagement we don't know how they're tracking things we don't know what their kpis are however it's just an indication and that's kind of what I'm sharing with you on this video now let's look at another company so again this is another company similar sort of clothing brand specifically for athletes and or people who go to the gym and are into fitness young La so again I can go to their Facebook page I can just find that from their website I can essentially then just go back to the Facebook ad Library I can either paste it in or just search for young la that's going to bring up a few options so this can sometimes happen okay now none of these look like the right brand to me they don't have the right logos they're just some other stuff so I've obviously not found the correct one so that's the exact way they've written it so I'm just going to go back copy it and paste it in there and now you can see we found it okay so you have to do a little bit of searching occasionally now it seems like they're running no ads in the UK which is very interesting let's have a look and see if they're running any ads anywhere so I can go all and go categories young la click on them and now we can see they are running ads but it was not in the UK it's like in the you asking us where they're based um so again we can start seeing the type of adverts that they're running where they're sending people to so this one looks like they're sending people just to their Instagram account so that's an interesting strategy so we can say right these are not direct Ecom ads necessarily it's more brand awareness for trying to get people through to the landing page also through to the Instagram page where they can then lightly convert once they understand a bit more about the brand so they're running a lot of those Instagram ads but they've also got these restock ads again these could be things like retargeting potentially now we can't see the targeting but I'm sort of hazarding a guess based on the type of creative and things like that um so again you can scroll through you can have a look again this could be a front-end ad this is going directly to less site pretty cool so we can start having a look at their strategy all right so I'm not going to go through and do this for loads of clients the the system's the same okay so you can search for Brands and you can find what they're doing and you can essentially see what your competitors are running this doesn't just work for big companies this works for anyone so if you have a low competitor this strategy will also work final thing is you can search based on keywords okay so let's just say I wanted to search for some type of gym clothing okay I can just search gym clothing in here and press enter and it's going to give me loads of ads you can see now they're not all from one Advertiser okay they're from different advertisers so I can scroll through and I can start to get an idea of ads that have been categorized by the keywords that are using things like that in terms of the copy and they're like brand as a whole as ads that will go up on a search option clothing okay so I can have a look here and let's say I want to find out a bit more about this company I can hover over their profile and click the view ads and it's going to load up their ad specifically and I can see they're running 16 different ads I can scroll to do the same level of research so there's kind of two opportunities here there's the bigger broader approach where you're just put in keywords or more specifically what I like to do is find other brands be that through finding Instagram accounts or looking just Google searching or when an ad comes up in my feed I think is relevant for myself or my clients I'll screenshot it I'll then have a look at that company on the Facebook ad Library a little bit later and do a bit more competitive research so look I hope this video helps you this is a powerful tool it's quite simple but it's powerful I would highly recommend leveraging this for your brand drop any comments below please like subscribe I'll see you in the next video thanks very much

  Top Comments:
  1. @musivaraworldmusic [3 likes]: Your words were helpful but you're too fast .
  2. @alainjacks9048 [1 likes]: How long does an ad have to run for you to know if it's good?
  3. @sansontellez6458: Super nice and informative video, right to the point 

Thanks
  4. @OBOmonWilliams: nice this helped! good simple explaining!
  5. @OliWinchester: Thanks Jack. Using this research method right now. Wanna find some winning ideas I can make even better for a potential client.
  6. @ViralNewss1: Thanks I was going to do the TikTok reverse method on Facebook!😂 but not I know everything ima be him very soon or maybe not soon ima be him trust through
  7. @stellaokwuosa1458: Thanks
  8. @larissanguelemo8807: Thanks you
 from Cameroun

- Redirecting DNS for Ads and Profit | Network Traffic Analysis Ep. 03 | CS4558: Kind: captions Language: en in this video we're again looking at the dns system only this time we're looking at abuses of that system the talking question is called redirecting dns for ads and profit it's a talk given by nick weaver about a paper that he and his colleagues wrote and if you run across a video of him giving the talk i highly recommend watching it as he gives a much more entertaining version than mine but without introduction let's get started again in this video we have the benefit of using the author's slides the general topic is looking at how dns results may be manipulated from the true results that the dns database returns to what the client ends up seeing so the first question is how many users see dns errors and the reason for looking at dns errors is that these are often the results that are changed we've mentioned before that the local recursive resolver is an important part of the dns architecture because it takes load off of the core dns hierarchy so if you look up google.com for example and your neighbor looks up google.com they both go through the same recursive resolver it can cache the first result and serve it to subsequent lookups so rather than the dns core hierarchy having to answer that query over and over again the recursive resolver can cache it and give it back to multiple users this also benefits the users because the round trip time between them and the recursive resolver is probably much lower than the round trip time between them and the dns hierarchy so most users by default are using their isp's recursive resolver to look up dns queries sometimes they may look up a non-existent domain either because it has expired or because of a typo in this case the dns hierarchy gives back a result called an nx domain this is a dns error meaning non-existent domain the recursive resolver then is supposed to return this nx domain error back to the client so that the browser can display an error to the user saying this domain doesn't exist and suggests that they check their spelling or something along those lines however in many cases the internet service provider instead redirects it to a dns response rewriter so it takes the nx domain and returns back an ip address instead so now it's telling the client that this is in fact a valid query and redirecting it somewhere that result sends the browser to the redirection server which gives back an http redirect that sends them to an ad server so now this becomes a way to serve more ads to the user rather than telling them that they went to an invalid domain name the ad servers are typically maintained by a third party monetization provider outside of the isp in question so the talk is on how this behavior is detected and categorizing the different types of responses that are observed in addition to nx domain wildcarding that we just outlined there's also the issue of search redirection the measurement infrastructure is being run by ixi at berkeley and consists of front-end servers and back-end servers this allows the researchers to query their own dns infrastructure so they know for certain what results are supposed to come back and can compare what they see on the client end against that ground truth exe also deployed a tool called netalyzer that allowed them to perform automated queries against their own dns servers netalyzer had the added benefit of allowing the end user to find out if there were issues with their home isp or network this client performed a whole battery of tests and we're not looking at the results of all of those we're specifically focusing on certain dns results the same group has published many more results focusing on other results of their netalyzer test suite so first they're testing to make sure that their dns query for their own test server returns the correct ip address so first they're doing a lookup for their own test suite server and this allows them to find out the ip address of the dns resolver that's generating the request so remember the client is running this query through a local dns resolver and that resolver then has to talk to the authoritative server run by the netalyzer folks and so they learn what dns resolver is performing the lookup for the client the test suite then looks for wildcarding by doing dns queries for non-existent domains so they know that they should be getting back an nx domain but if instead they get back in a record they know that dns wildcarding is taking place redirecting those nx domain errors to some other website if that is detected then they contact the redirection server and capture the page contents to understand what's happening there lastly in the test suite it looks up a number of important names these are things like banks or paypal or other authoritative sites that should direct the client to known web servers if any invalid results are detected in that process then they'll look at the ip address provided and capture that information so we saw in step two that if redirection is detected they'll capture those redirection pages and examine them so they looked for patterns in these redirection pages so at this point the user's nx domain has already been redirected to a website and so the client is loading a page that will eventually redirect them to an ad server presumably the researchers set up a number of roles in order to tag the captured redirection pages in order to see what sort of mechanisms they're using to redirect the client they're then able to take these redirection pages and look at the ip addresses of the redirection page servers in order to figure out which vendors are providing the service so the vendors that we're talking about now are the ones providing the redirection and ad serving technology not the isps that are using it so there are a number of these and they have different behaviors so some providers just wildcard names beginning with www that includes these four but some providers wild card all nx domain errors some use http 302 redirects so these are header information redirecting the browser whereas others load a page with javascript and a meta refresh so that's dependent on the client's javascript in order to perform the redirection and one of them uses the javascript mechanism but obfuscates it to make it difficult for humans to read so these three publicly offer http 404 monetization meaning not only is it redirecting dns requests but the actual valid web pages that the user requests are going through some sort of proxy that looks for an http 404 and includes ads on that page as well these services are supposed to allow an opt-out for the user however the researchers found that the paxfire opt-out mechanism was actually fake another related product is search so in this case anytime there would be a search in the browser search bar paxor's proxy would be able to look at this search and even modify the results coming back from yahoo bing or google this of course is considered a major problem by those search providers and that the results that they're returning to the user may be changed on the way through the isp google seemed to be handled differently than yahoo and bing at this time but it should be noted that this sort of behavior is what drove all the search engines to switch over to https in order to encrypt their responses and prevent them from being modified along the way so the results observed at the time of this work are not repeatable today it seems that at the time the searches from the browser were being analyzed for particular keywords and so if the third party monetization service had clients that were interested in advertising to one of those keywords then the search request would be redirected instead of being sent directly to the search engine intended the researchers then investigated this with 10 000 keywords and mapped out some of the redirection chains so from the paxfire redirection server it would go to amazon and ebay marketing also to the link share affiliates google affiliate network the ask.com affiliates and the commission junction affiliates as well as doubleclick which had been acquired by google so it's interesting that while the isps and their shareholder disclosures claimed that this generated one to three dollars in additional revenue per customer per year so a pretty small fraction of what they are already billing their customers they are willing to fundamentally change how dns operates and introduce some significant privacy concerns this motivates that dns tech validation must be performed on the client for those not already familiar dns sec is a way of signing dns results and checking that signature at the client so that it cannot be changed along the way some changes to the behavior occurred very soon after these results were published however most isps still do some form of nx domain wildcarding however as mentioned redirecting searches has become much more difficult now that the search traffic for all the major search engines has been moved over to https that wraps up this talk hope you enjoyed it and we'll see you on the next one we hope you enjoyed this video if you found it to be useful please click the like button to be notified when more videos are posted for this class please subscribe to our channel and click the bell

- Analyze Google Ads Reports in Excel Pivot Tables: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, this is Pasha. In this video, I'm going to show you how to correctly analyze the performance of your Google Ads campaign in Excel spreadsheets and pivot tables. Looking at the data in pivot tables will give you meaningful insights about your campaign and help you make better decisions on how to improve your campaigns. In order to get a report, uh first on the top menu of your Google Ads account, you need to select under report. If you already build some custom reports or and save them, you will uh have access to the to your previously saved reports here. Right now, we are going to build a report from scratch. We need to click on this button custom and table. You can create other types of reports that you need. Uh but we are going to create a table report here. On the right section, you can add any metrics and dimensions that you want to include in your Excel report. For the purpose of this video, I am going to add uh these dimensions. Uh first I'm going to look at the performance of keywords for my campaign. I type keyword. Uh here I select search keywords. The other things uh the other dimensions that I need uh I want to look at the match type the performance of uh search keywords match types there are two options search terms and search keyword I'm going to select search keyword match types and you want to add it as a row not as a column I want my campaign names I also want to look at the performance of my ad groups. I want to uh look at the performance by day. So I add day as a row. Uh we could also add months. uh these are the dimensions that I would like to include in my Excel table. Now for metrics that I want to see how each of these dimensions performed. Uh I'm going to add cost as you see metrics will go into the section. I want to look at impressions, clicks and if you have already created you know conversion actions for your campaigns uh you could include conversions too to see which keywords and which campaigns are resulting conversions. The other things that you could do there is a filter section here. You could filter what kind of uh what data to include. For example, uh for campaigns, I don't want to include the brand So, I filter uh I make a I create a filter to exclude campaigns that include the brand name. Here uh on the date range you want to select the date range of your data. Uh I am going to select from the past two months the beginning of March until yesterday 16th of April. You could add any other uh column that you need, any other metrics that you want, any other data that you want to look at. For example, if you want to uh look at the search term performance, you could add a column for search terms and see which cert search terms are not related or which search terms are resulting in more conversions. So you can add them as a keyboard. Uh here as a in save, if you press save, you could uh create a name for your report. I am going to create it to name it keywords. You could save your report here and so next time you don't have to create the campaign from scratch. Now I'm going to download this report in Excel file. Excel or CSV doesn't matter really. The platform is preparing my report here. All right. Uh the report is downloaded. I am opening the Excel file. Here's the downloaded file. The first thing that you want to do is just to remove the first two columns. The first the first two rows. The first row is just the name of your report that you just created and the second row is the date range. Uh in order to create a pivot table through this data, uh you don't want to have this the first two rows. So I select I am selecting them. Uh let me zoom it. Uh I am selecting them and remove the first two rows now. These are my columns as you see I the columns that I selected in my report. Uh search keyboard, search keyboard match type, campaign name, ad group, day, months, uh cost, impression, clicks and conversions. For the currency is a default column that Google Ads includes in your uh reports. And uh it shows the currency of your Google Ads account. It doesn't matter really. Maybe just a little bit there. Uh, one thing that I want to do, uh, you don't have to do this, but because in my naming structure, I have, uh, a naming convention for my campaigns. As you see, some of my campaigns are in Canada, some of them are in based on UK, some of them are based in USA and Singapore. I created I I have separated my campaign structure uh based on country and also campaign groups uh just to make things easier for myself to when I'm analyzing reports. So I'm going to create this uh to separate this uh sections of my naming as a separate columns so that I can easier I can filter my data easier. As I said this is something that depends on your naming conventions. The first thing that I do is just copy this campaign name into last column. And using text to column feature, I'm going to separate my data into from the naming into different columns. I don't need this one. Okay, I I could add a name for camp keyword group as campaign group or keyword group and location. As I said, uh these two columns uh these are something that I created using the campaign name column uh because I want to filter my data easier. But uh in order to you know analyze the performance of your campaigns, you don't really need to do this. This is something just to make things simpler for myself. Now that I have my data ready prepared, I'm going to create a pivot table out of them. If you're not familiar with pivot tables, I'm going to show you how to create a pivot table. uh you just uh select uh one of the cells in your data on the top menu. Uh select insert and pivot table and just select okay. Here uh Excel created a new new sheet in my file. Now I can start building my pivot tables. I am adding my search keywords here as a row. Adding cost, impression, all the metrics, all the dimensions, all the numbers you want to add them as a value. And all the text columns such as keyboard, campaign, ad group, you could add them as a row. One thing that personally I would like to do uh let me zoom in my data. Uh every every time that I want to work with uh pivot tables uh the first thing that I always do is just right click on my data selecting pivot table options. Here on the format section for error values show blank I se I you I select the check mark. If I don't do this uh just for errors uh the pivot table will show some uh weird characters. I want to show my error for the errors. I just want to show empty cells and also I will uncheck this uh button auto field column w and update. If it is selected, any change that you make to your ri to your table, Excel will adjust the width of your columns and it's really a headache. I don't like that. So, I uncheck that and click okay. Now, uh I can uh add some filters to my data campaign uh location and campaign group. and also add group and also date and months. In order to analyze the performance, you want to look at data such as clickthrough rate, conversion rate or cost per acquisition. uh you could uh add those uh columns for example CTR and CVR conversion rate to uh your report when you are creating but for pivot tables because they are calculated metrics uh for example CTR is a calculated metrics based on cost and impression for pivot tables you don't want to add the C You don't want to add calculated fields, calculated metrics. Uh it's better to create them through uh pivot tables. So we are going to create new fields for CTR uh clickthrough rate, conversion rate and cost per acquisition. In order to create a formula formula field in pivot tables, you just need to click to click on one of the cells in your table. On the top menu, select pivot table analyze and this option field items and sets calculated fields. We are going to create a field for click to rate and call it CTR. Uh the first one is the name of the your field. And here you need to define the formula to calculate this field. The formula for CTR is uh you always start with equal sign and the formula is that clicks divided into impressions and by adding add and okay as you see CTR is added as a new column to my data to my table. Uh but there are numbers at the moment. uh we want our CTR be a percentage uh the diff because that's how you look at CTR based on percentage is a percentage metric in order to add them as a uh to change them to percentage you select the column and here on the home you select this button percentage and Here are my CTR data. The other columns that I would like to add are conversion rate. I'm going to call it CVR. The formula for conversion rate is conversions divided into clicks. Again, we want it to be a percentage. The reason that I am adding these columns is to compare the performance of keywords or campaigns uh to see which keywords is having higher conversion rate and which keyword uh doesn't have a good conversion rate. The other things that I want to add the other metrics that I want to add is cost per click. For example, uh CPC, we want to see uh how much how expensive each keyword is. So if a keyword is not uh profitable, so we could pause that. Uh the column the formula for CPC is cost divided into clicks. Uh they are numbers by default. We want our CPCB currency column. So I add them I uh change the format to currency through here. And we want to add cost per acquisition CPA or if it is an e-commerce company uh you could look at a row metric. Uh this is not e-commerce campaign. So this is a lead campaign. So I am uh creating I the main metrics that is important for me to see whether a campaign is performing well or not is CPA or cost per acquisition. CPA the formula is cost divided into conversions. The CPA will tell you uh how much each conversion is costing you. For example, if uh If your profitability uh threshold is uh $100 and CPA for a campaign is $200. uh you understand that that campaign is not profitable for you because uh you are making $100 out of each uh conversions but each out of each lead but each conversions in Google ads is costing you $200. Again the CPA should be the dollars format the currency format. Now I'm going start to sort my data based on spend because if a keyword hasn't spent that much uh you don't really can get any you cannot get really any meaningful insight from that. Uh so you are going to look you want to look at the data who have some significant spend. We are going to sort my data based on cost. In order to do that on cost uh column in the first uh in one of the cells just right click sort uh from largest to smallest here. These data are giving me some meaningful insights. As you see the keyword ICF coach uh has spent a significant amount of uh spend. Uh our cost data should be dollars too. Let me change it to dollars. And this keyboard is spending $700. So it's an important keyboard for me. uh but it's having good uh CTR uh 12% CTR and also it's having a desirable conversion rate 1.40 40 and the CPA the cost for each C conversion that I'm uh getting is about $235 or for example I have this keyword carrier coach as you see the CPA is very low $89. So if you have if uh your bidding strategy is based on manual CPC uh you could increase you could slightly increase the CPC for carrier coaching even though the CPC is already expensive compared to the other keywords but it's very profitable. So you you want to increase your CTC your manual beat for this keyword slightly so that you can you have higher chance of uh appearing in search results and getting more conversions. Now uh one thing that I want to pay attention is uh is my campaigns. Let's uh take a look at our campaigns. Uh how each one is performing comparing our campaigns. Uh I'm going to add instead of campaign I'm going to add keyword group. Okay. Here I am getting I am receiving very very interesting data. Uh my quoting campaign is having the lower CPA. So this is the campaign that is performing the best for me. So what I can do here is maybe improve my budget. Maybe move over some of the budget from other campaigns to coaching campaign. Because this campaign which is based on the keywords related to coaching they are having the best performance for me. I want to spend more on this campaign or on the other side I have three campaigns here outplacement talent retention and upskilling campaign. The their CPA is very high. out placement campaign. Uh, it has only one conversion and $900 CPA. As you see, the CTR even the CTR and conversion rate are lower for this campaign compared to coaching. So uh this campaign might not be very profitable for me and I could decide whether to continue this campaign or no completely pause that and focus on better better performing campaigns. What I can do, let's sort my data based on CPA. You you want your CPA to be the lower uh the lower the CPA, the more profitable your campaign is. Out placement is not really performing well. I am highlighting that in red because I don't I I don't like the performance of that. uh two campaigns coaching and competitors they are doing very well very well for this campaign uh when looking at the data you should always look you should also look at the cost of your campaign for example for competitors it hasn't spent so much because spend only about $300 so uh when the spend is low it means that the data is are not significant so you don't want to make decisions when the spend is very low uh for a campaign who which has spent only $300, their results are not really significant. So I cannot really make sure whether this campaign is performing well or not. So I just keep continuing that. But for coaching campaign, it has spent a lot more than $4,000 and the CPA is very low. So this is very important data. Another thing that we could do is looking at the performance of ad group for each keyboard for each campaign. I am adding add group. Uh once again in order that to do that uh I am adding add group from filter or pivot table fields uh here to the rows uh below campaign group keyboard group and again here I'm going to sort the data based on uh highest spending uh ad groups. Click on the data sort large to small. These are my highest spending keywords. Uh these four are performing well. Their CPA is even lower. So what I can do is maybe improve increase the beat for this for the keywords in this campaigns in this ad groups I can improve the increase the beat so that they spend more or for example sometimes uh let's look at other data uh for example in upskilling and reskilling I have one ad group 30, 60, 90 days, uh, which has the highest spend in this campaign group. It has $400 with no conversions. Even though the CTR is not bad, it's really 8%. The CTR is very good. What this data is telling me is that my ads are good. My uh my ads are interesting to users. users are interested to click on the ads but when they land on the landing page on the on my website the content on my website is not interesting to users. So when you have a high CTR and low conversion rate it means that uh users are interested in your ad but your landing page is not good enough the content on your landing page is not good enough for the users to make them into a lead. They just click on the ad, they land into your landing page, but they don't convert, they don't give give you, they don't submit a form, they don't purchase. So, they have a low conversion rate. So, that's the kind of the insight that you could get from this kind of uh data here. Uh in talent retention campaign, I have one keyword that uh one ad group that has spent very low $30 and it had one conversion. This is conversion row. Uh let me filter uh let me freeze my data. freeze paints so that I I won't I won't lose the access to this column titles. We were looking at talent retention. as you see this uh ad group is has performed very low $13 and it has one conversion. Uh it's actually the only ad group in this campaign that has a conversion. But one thing that is important here, the CPC, the cost per click was very important, very high for that uh campaign as because we only had one key click. You want to go and look at the search term reports to see what search term was that expensive. And because this ad group has expense very low, we are not going to make any change right now. But uh in the long term, if we see that the CPC stays very high, we might want to pause it because a high CPC could result in a high CPA. The things that could uh affect CPA is whether you have a low conversion rate or high CPC. Either of them could result in a high CPA. Or for example here out placement we have this uh ad group out placement support the CPC is very very very high $29. What I'm going to do is add another row here as keyword to look at the at the keywords for this ad group to see which keyword is spending most. Uh I am adding search keyword here. I was looking at out placement campaign or something simpler just you could filter your data here. Uh on row labels there is this filter button. You want to select your keyboard group only out placement and you could also filter other data to add groups and search keyboards. Anything that is in the row section in your keyboard table structure. Okay, we had one campaign with a very high keyboard and that keyboard is this one out placement uh which is uh the only keyboard which has spent any money in this ad group. It's very expensive really two clicks and the average CPA CPC for those two clicks are $29. uh but again because this cost is not very high there are only two clicks with two clicks I cannot really make sure uh whether the data is significant or not the data are not significant so I cannot really I don't really want to make a decision and you always want to make decision based on higher higher spends here on out placement services I have many keywords only two of them are getting volume are getting impression and enough clicks and both of them are expensive and both of them are not resulting in any uh conversions. So instead of maybe pausing the whole campaign, maybe it's better to pause uh only these two two keywords. I'm going to remove my filter from my pivot table. And if you remember, you know, I had separated my campaign structure based on location. So let's see how each location is performing. I am adding location into my pivot table. Okay. Sort based on spend. Uh the thing that I see here is that UK is the second highest spending location campaign in my uh campaigns and the CPA is the highest among all locations. So maybe uh I don't want to run campaigns in UK or if I do I want to lower the budget in UK locations because the CPA is very very very high $600. On the other hand, US is performing the best. You know, is performing uh uh very well lower less than $200 CPA uh the highest spend. So I could increase the budget for us. And again in a similar way I can add campaign to see has how each uh campaign is performing in each Uh we see a similar trend in almost all locations. In all location, the coaching campaign is spending more and has the lower uh has the best performance. One interesting thing that uh one useful thing that you could do in pivot table is to copy your pivot tables into more pivot tables so you can look at your data easier. For example, let's say I want this pivot table to be only for US. Here on the top filters, I filter it based on US. So now I am just saying the data for US not other locations. Now I have I want to have another pivot table and look at the data for another location. Let's say UK. What I can do is just select this pivot table. Just right click and not right uh you can right click copy and here just paste. As you see uh you uh you can copy your data here. The good thing is that you already create you already create made all the adjustment and changes to the your original pivot table. You created all these custom fields and maybe the design of your pivot table. Now you for the second pivot table, you don't need to do everything from the scratch. You have access to uh the those custom fields again. Uh I'm going just to change the filter from US to UK the top. Okay, let me uh remove uh unfreeze the paints. Uh the top column is the top table is for US data. The bottom table is uh the data for UK. You can do similar things for to add tables for Canada and Singapore. As you see, there are a lot of things that you can do with your pivot tables. You could look at the performance of your keywords, campaigns, locations, ad groups. And let's say uh we want to look at the performance by day. I can add the date uh from filters to rows and you can see the performance by day and to see whether the performance is consistent or not. As you see the the cost for coaching campaign uh in USA coaching campaign the cost was very low in the beginning of the campaign when we started running that uh but after a while after we saw the performance was good it had uh the highest number of conversions we increased the budget so on the 3rd of April as you see on the 3rd of April the cost increased significantly it was spending something around to 20 to $30 in average in the previous days. Uh $23 in average. We increase the budget for this campaign. Now it's spending something like average $19 a day. Uh and therefore we are getting more conversions by higher spend. Similar thing for other campaigns. As you see this campaign talent retention, it started with a very high budget. Uh it was spending a lot but after a while when we saw that uh it wasn't performing well, we lowered the budget so that it spends less. So as you see uh looking at the data uh data and the reports in excels and creating a pivot tables for your data gives you meaningful insights on how your campaigns your keywords are performing well. So you can make a better decisions how to change your campaign, how to make changes, how to adjust your campaigns to improve the performance. If you have any questions regarding pivot tables and analyzing the performance of your Google ads campaign, feel free to ask in comment section and submit a question so that I can answer your questions. And thank you for watching this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @arturojr4 [2 likes]: damn this video has some good ass content that for sure i need to rewatch this multiple of times to having a grasp on the basics.
  2. @danielkha08 [1 likes]: Hi Hamid, I just wanted to say thank you so much for taking the time to show us how to do this! You're very well-spoken and it was very easy to follow along! I subscribed to see your future content!
  3. @CATHYUEE: Thank you for made this video. It's really help me a lot
  4. @aqeel_the_great_boy: Send me  data for practice
  5. @varshasudhir5421: Thank you so much for the video
  6. @NimaGanji: Great video
  7. @daisyboisy: Why did we use sum values and not average?
  8. @ankitiyer5114: Helpful, thank you for sharing knowledge.
  9. @madhumithan6653: Hi Hamid,Thanks for the detailed video.Could you please share the data set file used?It will be of great help to practice for us.Thanks
  10. @elireyesppc: Great video, Pasha. Valuable for a lot of us that need to analyze many campaigns on a daily basis. Thank you for this video, keep sharing your knowledge with us.
  11. @rodneykrewanton: Thanks for video!
  12. @wenyiyan398: Hi Hamid, Is it possible to share the dataset with mockup data?  Appreciate!
  13. @swtchris123: Fantastic video, using it to prepare for an excel test. Im just wondering, when i calculate CPA some values come as "# DIV/0" since of campaigns did not have any conversions. What should I do?
  14. @hurialborz7820: فارسی  زبان ها  چطور  استفاده  کنند ؟
  15. @hemaliraval2121: Thank you so much. I was trying to solve the CPC issue for hours, but your video helped me. Great. Keep adding more videos.
  16. @KavirDaya: Hi Hamid :) excellent tutorial - when i add sum of costs it returns as 0 , not sure why?
  17. @rodolfoelguezabal8275: Hi, i have a question. Why you calculete some fields like CTR? You already have the CTR that googles provides.
Thanks!
  18. @chathutrangadilshan409: If you want to creat google ads peace go throu bellow link
  19. @saeedwaddo3975: This super stuff keep sharing such amazing content
  20. @manushag9803: Excellent video, Thank you so much.

- Meta-Analysis in 5 Minutes- Dr. Hassaan Tohid: Kind: captions Language: en hello i'm dr assanto heed once again with a sensational topic meta-analysis in five minutes [Music] welcome back meta analysis in five minutes yes can we learn meta-analysis in five minutes of course you can of course of course everyone can and this is what i will do today if you follow this video watch this video and remember the steps you will be able to understand meta analysis in five minutes of course you cannot do it in five minutes but at least you can understand it in five minutes and i will make sure that i finish this video in five minutes let's begin meta-analysis so what is meta-analysis meta-analysis is actually a review article in which you combine so many previous papers together and write one paper out of it but it is statistical in nature so yes it's a systematic review actually that is statistical in nature and it's usually done on papers that are clinical trials so you combine so many papers those are clinical trials so you collect previously published clinical trials and you write one paper out of it so that's simple definition of meta-analysis now let's begin so the first thing first we need to do is divide meta-analysis into four phases the first phase phase one is the planning phase what do you do in the planning phase you decide your research topic now you know you are writing a meta-analysis so you decide your research topic once you decide your research topic the next next thing is to decide your research question of course the pico question is the main thing of systematic review and meta-analysis so make sure your meta-analysis follows a research question that is pico so p for population of problem i for intervention c for comparison or control group and over outcome you need to have all of these four components in your research question now make sure you collect all the data possible after that but we'll talk about this the next thing is once you have this set an inclusion exclusion criteria you have inclusion exclusion criteria ready once you have done your inclusion exclusion criteria what studies to include what studies not to include once you have it now the next step is to register your protocol for your meta-analysis on prospero website yes it's optional but you can do it so that you can tell others that okay i'm working on this paper on this meta-analysis so you can work on any other topic so that's why we do prospero registration but it's optional for clinical trials it is mandatory by the organizations or the institutions if you belong to any institution and it is a mandatory requirement most of the times but systematic review and meta analysis it's a it's an option now this is phase one phase one is done planning phase is done next phase is the search strategy phase now how do you do search strategy you set the goal of searching your data and you decide the databases most common databases whatever are in your field if let's say for example you are a healthcare person then pubmed pubmed central medline web of science scopus mbas all of those are famous databases you can use these databases to search your papers previously published papers these are the websites where you can find previously published papers in easy words databases are actually websites now once that is done now of course you need to remove the duplicates because some studies will be duplicate in in each database you will find some repetition of articles so you need to remove the duplicates once you remove the duplicates the next step is to do the screening and screening is in is done in two steps the first screening is the title and abstract so you make sure you check the title and abstract and whatever are relevant papers after removal of duplicates of course you will keep those articles and two people will do it your second author will do it that once you do it now the next step is to move forward and do your quality appraisal once that is done the data extraction once that is done you do the data synthesis now you decide what statistical model what model you will use for meta-analysis now this is the phase three meta-analysis the models are random effects model or fixed effects model you can use any of those models but i would highly recommend use random effects model and that's what many experts believe that you should use a random fx model because random effects model assumes that there is there is a there is no true effect i have discussed that in the previous video once you do that now check the effect size of each study then check then you have the cumulative effect size of all the studies once you have it you do the uh heterogeneity test by doing the forest plot once you draw the forest plot you have the forest plus you know how many studies are homogeneous how many are heterogeneous once that is done then you do the publication bias to see if the studies were excluded because of negative findings once you have it you draw the final funnel plot for publication bias now the next step is you do the sensitivity analysis and the next step is subgroup analysis once you do that then you move to the step number four that is writing and in writing you follow prisma checklist prefer reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analysis you write the abstract introduction method results discussion conclusion and of course you give the references this is how you write your meta-analysis and i have explained everything i hope in five minutes and you will enjoy this video so if you are still confused watch this video again watch it again so you can learn if you still have confusion go to my other videos and meta-analysis in which i have discussed it discuss this topic in more details stay tuned keep learning keep watching we'll meet again in another video thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @thelordismyshepherd-1986 [1 likes]: Thank you Dr.Do you please give private training?
  2. @dr_anandkumar_naorem [1 likes]: May God bless you. You are the best in meta analysis tutorials. Please make more videos on these
  3. @MuhammadKhalid-jv4qr: I am ready to listen,  Why are you in rush?
  4. @LetsLearnandTeach-nl9qh: Great! How much time (hours) is needed for a normal meta-analysis? need estimation
  5. @LetsLearnandTeach-nl9qh: Great! How much time (hours) is needed for a normal meta-analysis? need estimation
  6. @drmanojHealthAwareness: Sir , pls don't put run time proof
  7. @albertsaina9419: Great and unique contribution to systematic review and meta analysis. Thank you so much for this teaching. However, I wish to ask if it's mandatory for a second author to be involved in screen the articles to be reviewed.
  8. @Tuscanysun418: Thank you Dr. Hassaan Tohid, I learned a lot from your video:)
  9. @saeidnosrati3782: Hi,
I want to conduct a meta-SEM to test the predictors and outcomes of a variable.
My question is: I don’t have the correlations between each independent variable (IV) and other IVs, nor between each dependent variable (DV) and other DVs, since I extracted them from different studies. Given this, how can I construct a correlation matrix? Can I set the correlations between IVs or DVs to zero?
  10. @Aliya.Assylbekova: plain and simple!
  11. @TS-nl9cr: How can I find a research topic for meta analysis
  12. @ZEESHAN1777: Please guide how to enroll in your program
  13. @Nongdamba500: Keep up the good work.
  14. @aristotlecordelie3260: 3v0d4
#vur.fyi
  15. @juninaharriet6295: fhmej
#vun.fyi

- Important Metrics to Track: How to Analyze Your Facebook Ads Results: Kind: captions Language: en Gallery One and One Second Welcome to Digital Marketing Course Wide Spectrum of Workers In the last video we learned that important metric is very disgusting information that you should know what subscription means. Now in this video we are going to talk about how you should subscribe in the village itself. It is very important how you will know that your subscription is working. Otherwise you will say that there is only one way for this, doctor, we should see if I am getting results or not. If we are getting results then it means that our temple is successful. If we were running and if we were running and we were getting results, then we should definitely get this thing. Now if you start looking for it in your video, then if you subscribe in this way, then it is very important. Many people say that whatever you are running on time, you must understand it once. Whatever we are running, what metric will we have for its space? On which parameter will we always check whether it is running properly or not, like If a student has an exam in school, then a parameter is set that if he scores 60%, you say that he should subscribe for this in this way and he should subscribe for that. Subscription depends on what, fast means if there will be no fear about what you have selected, is this goal right or not, is it right for our business or not? Now you should make your website very good and understand that your website is not very good, on top of that a lead form on which someone submits the correct information like name, address, phone number, email, then that lead is like a form of lead, you get the information, now I can connect it, you can buy products from it, there is the concept of lead, then you get the link, but you have run a campaign for brightness and you are expecting people to visit your website, but you have made it very well, you should definitely keep your subscription in mind and the government there may also have metered it, if we hear such a situation then you cannot make all of us vitamin A successful, so first of all we should be clear about the thing that What we want to do is possible or not, that is, if we want to increase the visits to our website, the school people of our website will select this thing on our website, this is the second thing we should do, we should balance this thing, if this is done in this way, you people and many people, hey friend brother, what is it and I will tell you about it and that means turn on investment, bar spoon cumin seeds, friends, it means return on investment, I will give you a little more clarity, here the meaning of turn on investment is written, okay investment, okay, perfect and healthy, it means that return, return on investment means that you spent ₹1000, okay, you hired a graphic designer, you spent 1500 rupees on his subscription budget, you gave him ₹1000, total here the total strength, how much is that, the total which is our special, is our 250, if after doing this total span, the leads you get are milli for example, dice dice For you, our first cost is ₹10, so if we assume that in total we bought so many products and by buying we generated revenue, we spent 25, 25, so here we calculate our return on investment, okay, so how much return did we get and how much money did we get, friends, we took a return of Rs. 250, the return here means revenue, so we got a return of Rs. 25 thousand and we invested only Rs. 500, okay, so this means the total which you print, it is not just about ads, how much return did we get on it, we calculate its return from the return on investment, okay, here the total here, we subscribe to the expenditure in making, how much money did we spend on our investment, 25 thousand rupees, if we talk about return here, then the return is more return, a comment for 10, okay, which is the return on investment and pancakes There is ten times return on investment, I am understanding it, okay, in the same way, return Kanchana return means we have got 25 thousand tonnes and here if we are not getting the different thing which we wanted in our investment in the dark, then here a little business understanding comes into play, you have to take a little care here while doing business, so friends, this is a very important thing to keep in mind that you should know that you do not need any more subscription, if you have subscribed to this one and if there is any problem, then there is a little problem, if you need ghee here, you have to buy these things, then you can see it in this way, let me tell you, okay, look here, this is my work of the association, if you see, then here you will see some different results of these pimples and here again you will get the total, if you make it 3.2 then it can come from 1.5 inches, here if you do not subscribe here, then you have to go here in the columns here You have to go to customize problems and after that you will see a lot of options here, you will see a lot of options, click on the subscribe button, in this video I am showing you a little bit here, you have this, click here, so subscribe to these things, whatever you have subscribed to, now click on the school, now out of that it happened, click on the dry people, if 10 people saw it, then out of them click on point 245, then click on it, click on it, if you properly clicked, then if you did not click on the people, I mean, I clicked on this, the second one was ready with five percent, then the same hundred people saw it but did not click at all, it means that you have either selected the wrong audience, okay, you are showing it to the wrong people, only then they click, secondly, it is possible that you are showing it to the people, but if they are impressed, then it means that you cannot perform in this way, okay, so these are some important things, subscribe quickly, like and share, if the fan is commenting etc., watching the people So if friends, we are getting engagement on our ad, it means that we are looking at the front right side, we need it, okay, so you here and here, the one who has subscribed, subscribe to the channel, subscribe here, if anyone needs to pay some attention to anything in this, if the average is not the quality ranking, okay, quality rating tells that after clicking on your ad, people go to this ad, its quality, user-friendly quality of the mobile, if they comment below it, share, comment, if this means how many people, if all these things are above, subscribing means that they are doing eight runs, it depends a lot on what we should measure, like here we come, then see, subscribe here, it is necessary, purchase is made here, hatred here and subscribe, how much money do we have to pay, that here we do a lot of things for them, let me tell you, you do not understand all these things on the talk, what information did we get here, sports is a big platform, the more practice in the village [praise] [Music] Ajay has that

  Top Comments:
  1. @hypersonic101 [4 likes]: Ap saray imp matrics samjhaye in detail
  2. @wscubetech [2 likes]: 😎Hey, thanks for watching! We’d love to know your thoughts/doubts here in the comments.
🔴 To learn Digital Marketing online with regular LIVE CLASSES, enroll now: https://forms.gle/K58BfTJqqVzoDMkG6 
👉For professional self-paced certification courses (pre-recorded), visit: https://bit.ly/Pre-Recorded-Course   
👉Don’t forget to SUBSCRIBE to our channel for more such videos & valuable content: https://bit.ly/YouTube-WsCubeTech
  3. @arvindkumardasofficial [2 likes]: Sir leads to Aati hai but Jaha pe results, reach, click (report ) hota hai waha pe kuchh show nahi karta hai please solve ka problem
  4. @sameerdhamdhere9872 [1 likes]: good
  5. @shahankhan9660 [1 likes]: How can we track the sales?
  6. @mazizulrehman11 [1 likes]: Thanks
  7. @ThatCanvaGirl-12 [1 likes]: Thanks a lot dear
  8. @sufyanwrites [1 likes]: Thanks
  9. @freelotteryhack [1 likes]: whats your name sir?
  10. @umangjoshi2250 [1 likes]: yehi hi acha sikate han ws cube tech channel me inke videos dalo jai shree ram
  11. @AartiSingh-tz3dk: Useful information thank you wscube tech team ❤
  12. @desaifenil1859: can anyone help me how to analyze call lead camping
  13. @teamgamingyt5725: Thanks
  14. @vibhanshupratapsingh: Cost per lead bahot high ja rahi hai sirr
  15. @dhruvinshah119: Very informative.. Thank you sir❤
  16. @WaqasBukhari-t5c: kya hum Facebook Ad Client ko dekhana chahian to dekha saktay hain ya ager hum ny jo ad run kya ha kisi khas location per wo kisi facebook ID se dekh saktay hain k jis location per ad run kya ha waha dhikh raha ya nhe link walay option k ilawa.
  17. @Ecomfunday: Hello sir, how to cross check the result of profile visit showing in ads but not matching with numbers on insta profile, thanks
  18. @DigitalMarketing-h9p: ❤❤❤❤
  19. @saddulala8483: Best❤
  20. @khanfarid9893: Sir practice kyse kare

- META RUNNER - Overload  // Final Season: Ep 7: Kind: captions Language: es ¿Quién es famoso ahora, Lucks? ¡Sheridan Corp! Envíen a los chicos al pantano para que podamos acabar con ella. ¡MD-5, a sus posiciones! Espera, Marco, ¿adónde vas? ¡Teníamos un trato, Azulita! ¡El chico de oro es mío! Voy con él. No, chicos, sigan el… ¡Error de principiante! No te cubriste las espaldas. ¡Y tú tampoco! Theo, bajo ahora mismo. O quizás no. Belle, somos del mismo equipo. Estamos intentando ayudar a Lucinia y al resto. No dejes que Sheridan te controle. Supongo que habrá que luchar. Veamos si lo que me enseñaste sirve de algo. ¡Quítate de encima! No me creo que tenga que volver a luchar contra este mocoso. Aunque parece que no eres capaz de mantenerte en pie. ¿Qué pasa? ¿Los barcos te marean? Me encuentro genial. Vamos, acabemos con esto. Cuanto menos hablemos, mejor. ¡Fabuloso! Marco, déjame hablar con él. ¡Claro! Pueden hablar mientras acabo con él. Marco, escucha, ¡podemos liberarlos! Parecen zombis descerebrados, pero siguen ahí. ¡Lo sé! ¡Mejor! Así disfrutará de cada golpe que le dé a este tramposo inútil. ¿Sabes? Miré los informes del doctor. Y ni siquiera deberías existir. Eres una anomalía, un error, un residuo del servidor del Sheridan. Me pregunto qué pasaría si murieras ahora mismo. Ya estás muy inestable. ¿Aparecerás de nuevo en tu videojuego? ¿O simplemente… desaparecerás? ¿Otra vez huyendo? Eras muy valiente hace un rato. Pobre personaje que no sabe dónde está su juego. Es tan idiota que no sabe dónde se ha metido. Si te dejas engañar por un idiota, entonces, ¿qué eres tú? Tienes razón, no sé qué me pasa. Pero sé que quieres hacer daño a mis amigos. Y alguien debe detenerte. Suficiente. ¡Patético! Tanto esfuerzo para acabar sin nada. No es cierto. Viví una aventura increíble junto a amigos maravillosos . Tú solo conseguiste un coco en tu cara. Un bot menos al que soportar. Ahora, por la otra. ¡Chicos, trabajen en equipo! Díselo a él. No lo defiendas, Lamar. Solo es un tramposo mentiroso y un manipulador patético. Por eso le gustaba tanto a Lucks. Ese no es el Masa que yo conozco. Quizás no sea perfecto. Es un tipo antisocial y malhumorado. Pero se preocupa por sus amigos. Y lo único que le importa es proteger a sus amigos. ¿No es cierto? ¡Vaya! El libre albedrío se disparó. Lo arreglaré de inmediato. Incrementar el control neural del sujeto número 2. ¡Eso te pasa por bueno! ¡No! Esto no acaba aquí, chico de oro. Reúne a los que sigan conscientes y prepara los coches. Nos iremos pronto de aquí. Marco, ¿adónde vas? Tienes que ayudar a Tari. ¡La harán pedazos! ¿Qué quieres que haga, Sofía? Reaparecí en el Pantano del naufragio. Solo puedo destruir el servidor desde el que Sheridan trabaja. Espera, ese no era el plan. Lo necesitamos para que Tari y mi hermana regresen. Pues el plan cambió. Si no destruyo el servidor, mis hombres y tus amigos morirán. Mi programa de rastreo aún no terminó. Y no sabes dónde está Sheridan. Quédate y controla el programa por mí. Cuando sepas dónde está Sheridan, házmelo saber. ¡Oye! No le pasará nada, Sofía. No sé cómo, pero ella siempre consigue salir de las peores situaciones. Los que me preocupan son el resto. Me entrenaste demasiado bien, Belle. ¡Oh, no! ¡Uy! Esto es lo que pasa cuando quieres tomar lo que no debes. Acabas perdiendo ante los que son más fuerte que tú. ¡Oh, gracias! Lo estaba buscando. Sé que dije que acabaría contigo rápido, pero antes de nada, quiero decirte algo. Acabé con Chico Coco. Mientes. No, vi cómo se esfumó en pequeños fragmentos de datos. Tan muerto como un programa puede estar. Theo… No. Juré que lo protegería. ¡Juré que lo protegería! ¿Por qué me odias tanto? Lo único que me importaba era proteger a mis amigos. ¡Oh! No llores. Pronto te reunirás con él. ¿Masa? ¿Qué estás…? Tari… gracias por liderar MD-5 en mi ausencia. Eres mejor líder... y mejor persona de lo que yo nunca fui. SOBRECARGA DE LIBRE ALBEDRÍO ¿Qué diablos…? ¿Qué ocurre aquí? ¿Se ha soltado el implante…? Deja que mis amigos… ¡se marchen! ¡Masa, no! ¡Para! Control de voz, incrementa el control neural de… No puedes controlarme… ¡nunca más! ¡Suéltame! Tu implante va a explotar. ¡Me matarás! ¿Y qué? Creí que querías ser como Lucks. ¿Masa? ¿Luce? ¡Belle, el cuchillo! Me dolerá a mí más que a ti, Luce. Me lo agradecerás, Luce. Cuando volvamos juntas al mundo real. ¡Oye, Tari! Es tu turno. ¿Recuperaste tu visión meta runner? ¿Estás asustada? ¿Qué ocurre? ¿Tienes que confiar en tus habilidades ahora? OBJETIVO: ARTICULACIONES Te quedarás sin balas antes de que destruyas mi armadura. OBJETIVO: CAÑÓN FALLO DE ARMADURA OBJETIVO: VISOR Gracias, Theo. Suéltala, Evelyn. Esto es entre tú y yo. SIN MUNICIÓN ¡Belle, sal de ahí! ¡Haré explotar el barco! ¡Me quedé enganchada! Está bien, Tari. Piensa que es mi castigo por todo lo que te hice. ¡Belle! Gracias por entrar en razón al final. Gracias a ti por confiar en mí. ¡Muérete ya! Tari, estoy tan orgullosa de ti y te quiero contar tantas cosas… Pero aún queda algo que hacer. Marco sabe dónde está Sheridan y quiere destruir su servidor. Si lo consigue, perderemos la única oportunidad para que Lucinia y tú puedan regresar. Deben ir al servidor de Sheridan ahora y usar su laboratorio virtual para regresar. No te preocupes, Sofía. Conseguiré que tu hermana regrese. Cueste lo que cueste. ¡Oye, Lucinia! ¡Destruiré el servidor de Sheridan! ¡Detenme si puedes!

  Top Comments:
  1. @ReaperTheGodOfGames [16 likes]: "YOU'RE GONNA KILL ME!"
-"So? I thought you wanted to be JUST. LIKE. LUCKS."

Absolute Cinema.✋😐🤚
  2. @manishgade4352 [4 likes]: Teen girl vs old man 5:28
  3. @tuxat_ [3 likes]: man, I'm so sad it's gonna end, but this was so much better than anything I could have asked for
  4. @zJ8z [3 likes]: I only hate Evelyn even more now. She killed a child, she killed THEO.
  5. @ItzTotallySoup [3 likes]: I out sheridans kaugh in 2x and its funny lol 0:18
  6. @JessicaSomaya [2 likes]: Who here after the amazing digital circus
  7. @svengalt9546 [2 likes]: I watched Murder Drones before this and I had no idea Evelyn was voiced by Elsie until 3:38. Exact same scream as Uzi.
  8. @AgentEggRBLX [1 likes]: I'm not ready to say goodbye.
  9. @Mjs598 [1 likes]: Who is here in 2025 when smg4 is quitinf
  10. @RoyalStarlord [1 likes]: I think I can see how Sea of Thieves got its popularity? :3c
  11. @TransformersCrosswiser.x: Plesse MURDER DRONES season 2
💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛 💜 💛
  12. @TransformersCrosswiser.x: Meta Runner is Art Absolute Cinema
💙🦆🎮💙🦆🎮💙🦆🎮💙🦆🎮
  13. @TransformersCrosswiser.x: Theo nooooooooooooooooooo
  14. @reactor7689: Killing Theo for good just gave me an even more reason to hate Evelyn. So, her defeat was extremely satisfying. Plus, Evelyn has no issue with Sheridan's nefarious plan. Especially Sofia's own sister, who he's holding hostage and turned her into a killing machine. This is the 3rd and last season to have a post-credits scene, but not in the finale.
  15. @koolkidamazing: Why is nobody talking about how sad this episode was? 😭😭😭
  16. @Mr.L-e7c: Theo is not dead, Tari save Theo
  17. @dorianamariaperniacastellon: ❤❤❤❤❤❤😢😢😢🎉🎉😂😂😊
  18. @nylhon.2: I don't know why, but spanish to french subtitles are even more accurate than english to french subtitles 🤣🤣🤣🤣
  19. @ElitchError: 11:06 Meta Runner Season 1 Opening Music
  20. @Sora_Abyssgard: Evelyn is now a "Crazy yandere" and a robot who is a sore loser

- Teminite x PsoGnar - Senses Overload: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I can't ignore this Sora that's con cing transcending the only thing that I'm sure of her ability to want me in my dreams and it must be so routine cuz all in all what seems so far way could be so close I want you to know you make my senses overow you make you make my emotion overlow you make you make my you make my senses overow you make C you may about say untion over you make you my you make my you make my you make my I want you to know I want you to know you to know I can't ignore this s that's been circling routine cuz all at all what seems so far away could be so close I want you to know you make my senses overow you make you make my parall emotion overflow you make you make my you make my senses over you make my you make my Uno overflow you make you make my you make my you make my you make my I want you to know make you make you make my you make you make you make you make M you make M you make M you make make my you make you make you make my you make

  Top Comments:
  1. @DubstepGutter [41 likes]: Whoa whoa whoa...who's still listening in 2023? We have a sick Spotify playlist :)

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0LfV0B5sWiZmovZgBgOQHn?si=fc7abcac552e4795
  2. @GH_2K25 [20 likes]: 11 years 😢
  3. @LunaLightST [10 likes]: Who's still listening in 2025?🎉
  4. @VO-tunes [10 likes]: cant believe this banger is already 8 years old
  5. @brightboi4291 [5 likes]: This is just exactly how it feels to unlock a hyperfixation.
  6. @ZapedToSpace [5 likes]: I have no Limits!!
  7. @JTY_Main [4 likes]: Fire Music!!!! 🔥 🔥 🔥 🔥
  8. @Kill3r360 [4 likes]: Coming back here from time to time, such a banger
  9. @god_is_real_and_jesus_is_god [2 likes]: 2026 peeps
  10. @davidracz1485 [2 likes]: The duo of teminite - psognar is even better than teminite - panda eyes duo
  11. @nickaragua8338 [1 likes]: 10 years...
  12. @andreamora7956 [1 likes]: Thank you algoritmo
  13. @VladNebo-wy2bz [1 likes]: 😍
  14. @Denis-dz1co [1 likes]: I still listen ist for 7years
  15. @Gouda_Vixiarz [1 likes]: Nice
  16. @thedetailerr [1 likes]: this gives me a fnaf dubstep vibe to LOL
  17. @Infinit8433 [1 likes]: WOW this Is perfect
  18. @edilee5909: Why can I no longer find the Nate Harrell mix anywhere???
  19. @OGSnoozeVR: Bro a guys on discord said he maid this song I hate him
  20. @alejandrogonzalez7406: 2023, despues de escucharla ase años

- 3 - How To Preview Live Ads on Meta: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everyone and welcome to this easy to follow tutorial where I'll be showing you how to preview a live ad and to see what it looks like after we publish it let's get started open The Meta ads manager app on your device navigate to The Campaign where the desired ad set is located you may only have one campaign or multiple just depending on what kind of ads you run any ads run with us will be in a Campa campign labeled Bap somewhere in the name once you're in the campaign scroll down to find the adset you want to preview you're going to click on the three vertical dots above amount spent and then click view ads here you will see the different ads running on this ad set most of the time you will either see Carousel ad which is images or video ad if you have a video ad running click the three vertical dots again on the ad you want want to preview and then click view scroll to the very bottom of the page and click preview ad and you did it here you will see different examples of the ad that is running in different places such as Facebook mobile feed Instagram stories reals and Etc you may not be able to view all the app formats here so please keep in mind we are looking from a bird's eye view and have a very particular way of inputting these so they look best across 20 plus platforms on various mediums whether that's on a cell phone a tablet or a desktop computer and that's it for this video if you have any further questions or need additional assistance please feel free to reach out to your support team here at be authentic

  Top Comments:
  1. @shakuCs2: I just have this options, edit, duplicate, view performance or delete, do you know why?

- Learn 97% of Meta Ads in Under 19 minutes: Kind: captions Language: en I've spent over $300 million on meta ads, and these are the eight hacks that I wish I knew sooner. Starting with hack number one, and this is a thing that nobody's talking about, and it's the exact reason why your video ads are tanking right now. Everybody thinks that you need slick video ads and UGC creatives in order to crush it on meta ads in 2026. And they couldn't be more wrong. Everyone looks at my video ads or look at other people's video ads and think, man, that's exactly what I need to do in order to scale. But you see, since Meta launched Andromeda, this thing is a hungry panda, and you need to feed it with an absolutely absurd amount of fresh creatives in order for your ads not to fatigue. It is so hard to produce the volume of video that is required in order to have your ads not fatigue. Take for instance my own ad account. I have over 17 VSSLs that I am running right now as ads. And that is just an absurd amount of volume. However, I can run thousands of different static ads much cheaper and much quicker than producing videos. And so, if I had to pick on one type of creative format to do, whether video or statics, I would pick statics all day of the week. I have an entire creative team and it is still a challenge for me to pump out the volume of video creative that I need to actually feed the ad account at the scale that I'm running. One way to do that is using my platform Kong where you can basically at a click of a button produce a 180 headlines, two body copy variations, and then you can go and basically pick from a whole library of proven ad creatives. Another reason that statics in my opinion are superior to videos. Facebook realized that there's only so many video ads that they can show each user per session on Facebook. And so their algorithm is actually has a bias towards static ads because they can show way more statics to people within one session of Facebook. And so that's what they're optimized for, right? They are a business optimizing for revenue. If they can show more ads to the same person on the news feed, you're going to basically be the one that's going to benefit from that. I spent weeks and weeks in pre-production and planning and shooting and then had my video team edit these super high polished VSSLs. Then I looked at my ad account and I can see that there's these down and dirty native statics that I've created that literally are outperforming a VSSL that took 2 and 1/2 months to produce. And that's why I'm so bullish on statics. So this is how you can apply this specifically to your business. go over to whatever calendar that you use to manage your week and dedicate one hour per week where you take your winning offer, your winning product or service, and you have one hour that you dedicate to creating fresh creatives every single week. Which brings us to hack number two. And this one is a filthy little one that I have recently found out that goes absolutely wild. So, everyone knows about finding your winning creative or your winning ad. But what most people don't know is that with Andromeda, it is looking and analyzing your image, your copy, your offer, your landing page, and all it's trying to do is find that person to serve them your ad. So, if you want to target different people, you actually have to put that in the creative and in the body copy. So what I do is I get my best winning ad and then I have a look at what are the 20% of clients that represent 80% of the revenue in my business. I look at the niches that they operate in and then I basically put those niches in the headline or the body copy of the ad. Here's how to get 462 leads per week on autopilot. Then it might be here's how to get 462 dental leads on autopilot, lawyer leads, property investment leads, whatever the niches are that you specifically want to target. You simply just take your winning ad, you duplicate it out, and you insert that keyword. This thing alone will dramatically drop your cost per lead, and it will open up different pockets of audiences on Meta that if you just had a generic ad, you would not be able to reach. It's not some magic word. It is a category word that is what we call an identity trigger and it also feeds the algorithm to know who it should be going out there and looking for. But the number one thing that you must understand when it comes to meta ads is that you are not selling your product. You are not selling your service. All we're trying to do is funnel as many of the people that would be applicable to whatever it is that we're selling and bringing as many of them as we can to our landing pages. So this is what I want you to do right now. As soon as you finish watching this video, I want you to go over to your ads manager and I want you to find your winning ad. Then I want you to duplicate that ad out and just add either a demographic to that ad or add a specific keyword for the industry that it is that you want to target. Then you launch those bad boys, go in, look at your CTR, you'll see that performance is dramatically better. And that is hack number two, the one keyword hack. All righty. So that's playing the game on like beginner mode. Now, let me show you how to really scale this thing up and absolutely rinse your meta ad account, which brings us to hack number three. So, here's what most people do. They find their winning ad. They turn off all the other ads in the ad set that aren't performing as good as the winner, and then they're like, "Let me just ride this one all the way home. And then they start scaling their ad, and then it fatigues, and it dies, and they've rested all of their performance on this one winner. This is amateur hour. This is the last thing that you want to do. Instead, once you find that winning ad, take that ad and we want to pump it into AI. Either Claude, Kong, Chad, Jibit, whoever it is that you want to use to do it, just do it. Then what we're going to do is we're going to spit out hundreds of different variations. And the way that I like to do this is I give it my winning ad and then I say, "Okay, I want you to read this ad and I want you to be the author. If we show the next ad, I'm going to ask you to write to 100 people. Not one in a 100red would be able to tell you that this is written by a different person. That is the premise. And now we get to cook. Then we start to prompt it and say, "Okay, now write this for 25year-old women. Write it for a 30-year-old woman." Now, when you read it, it should pretty much read exactly the same, but there should be certain things on there that relate to that person that it is that we're trying to target. The best way to do this is to one, start with your body copy. to apply that same strategy to your headlines and then move forward to your creative. And then typically you take all of those winning ad creatives, you chuck them in a CBO, you let Facebook's AI do its thing and it's going to basically pivot the spend towards the creatives that are getting the best results in your campaign. Now, this hasn't always been perfect. Often times, you would do it and then there'd be a whole bunch of ads in that campaign that wouldn't spend. I take all of those ads that get no spend, but I have high conviction around that they are good ads, and then I launch something called a zombie campaign, where I take all of those dead ads, put them into an ad set, and then I launch those. And then typically, I can juice out another 20% of ads that are all winners there. And that is hack number three, the winning format clone. However, everything that I've given you so far is absolutely worthless unless you get this next step right. Because if your ads look like ads, then they are already dead on arrival. Let me tell you a story that is just far too common that I hear every single day. Somebody sits down, they're putting together their meta ads, and the first thing that they think about is, "Mubry, how do I make my ad pop off the feed? I want it to really stand out and like hijack people's attention." And guess what people hate more than anything is ads. That's why there are hundreds of millions of people that have downloaded and installed ad blockers. So instead of making our ads look like ads, we are going to do the absolute opposite. And we are going to look at what is the type of content that people are natively consuming on these platforms. I am running a 46-inute YouTube video with minimal editing right now. it's got, you know, millions of views organically on YouTube and I'm taking that winning creative and then I'm just running that as an ad because I already know that that content bangs organically. It's already proven it with millions of views organically. So then what I'm doing is I'm just moving that over to the paid ads engine, pouring gasoline on it, and lighting that puppy on fire and letting it scale. And that's exactly what it is that you want to do. You might not have a video on YouTube that's got millions of views. That's okay. Just look at what is the native content that people are consuming in your niche already. Another quick hack to do is you can create what we call a burner account. So you basically sign up for a clean slate Tik Tok and Instagram account and then go follow all the different influencers and pages in your niche and like their content. Then every time you log into that burner account, you're going to basically see the most popular content in your niche rise to the top of your news feed. And if that's what's getting promoted in the algorithm, then that's exactly the type of ads that you want to produce and then run them as paid ads. And I can guarantee you that this will outperform your current best performing ad, which is hack number four. Don't make your ads look like ads. All right, so now I'm going to show you how to target buyers that your competitors don't even know exist. So when it comes to meta ads, people usually approach it in one of two ways. The first way is they try to get super laser targeted with the type of people that they're trying to target and they do basically what we call interest stacking. They take all the interests in the niche. They like golf. They like Mercedes-Benz and they stack all of those things up and they're like, "Man, that is one ultra layered targeting and I'm going to find only the best buyers." Then you have the second school where these guys are just like, "Pick a country, go yolo, and target them." But this is where most people get it wrong. They don't understand that the more context that it is that you give meta, the better that they can actually go out and find those people because the creative is the targeting now. But most people they run short form copy. It's a very basic ad. Therefore, the context window that Meta has is very very small. So instead, what I like to do is I like to basically have very long form copy that literally gives the algorithm so much data of exactly who it is that I'm trying to target so that they can go out and find those people because if they have a limited context window for your ads, then the amount of people that they can target for that creative is also going to be limited. So stop trying to outsmart the targeting. And the most highest paid engineers that have one incentive, which is to get your ad in front of the right people. So you keep on feeding it Zuck bucks. You're not going to beat these guys. So let the algorithm do all the heavy lifting and spend all your time and energy on producing creative. However, don't believe me. What I want you to do right now is to go into your ad account to find your best winning creative that you probably got a bunch of interest stacking on there and duplicate that ad and put no targeting. So just pick Australia, just pick America, just pick the UK for instance, and let that puppy cook. Let both of those ads run side by side. your interest stacking versus your broad and then in 7 days time go and have a look at your CPAs and you will be shocked and that is hack number five. Broad targeting with super specific creative is the new meta. Okay, so this next hack is exactly what happens after you actually get somebody to click because most advertisers they spend 90% of their effort on the actual ads and only 10% on optimizing their landing pages. And this is a huge mistake because if there isn't congruence based on what they clicked on to what they see on the landing page, they're just going to dip, right? You're going to have a very high bounce rate. You might be getting super high CTRs, low cost per clicks from your actual ads, but your CPAs and your conversion rates will be in the toilet because it doesn't match that scent. So, this is what I like to do. Meta is the best split testing tool that exists on planet Earth. your headlines are exposed to, you know, usually a thousand times the amount of people that actually click on your landing page. So therefore, you're getting so much more statistical significant data based on which headlines work. So I'll be running, you know, 20, 30, 40 different headlines for an ad variant. Then I'm going to find what the best performing headline is. I'm going to take that headline and I'm going to mirror that on my actual landing page. When I do this, I usually increase the conversion rate by a bare minimum of 15 to 20%. Just that one thing, not only in the headline, but in the sub headline and also the leadin of that copy. I have a rule at any given time, I have to have at least three split tests running. Otherwise, I have a severe sense of anxiety. What you want to always make sure that you're doing is taking your insights from your best performing ads and making them present on your landing page and then running them as split tests to just inch out 10, 20, 30% higher conversion rates across the board. So, what you want to do right now is open up your ads account, have a look at your top three performing ads, and look at the headline of the ad and the headline of that page side by side. And if it doesn't match, if they aren't congruent, fix it within 24 hours. Look at your conversion rates and thank daddy. And that is hack number six. Match your ad to your landing page. Okay, so now let's talk about how to turn every $1 that you spend on ads into $3 or $5. Think about it this way, right? You've run an ad, you sent people to a landing page and they haven't bought. And then what you're doing is you're like, you should just buy. Like I'm just going to serve that people with more ads. There is a reason why that person didn't buy. So you want to think about what are the reasons that people don't buy. The number one reason why people didn't buy is that that offer wasn't right for them. Their product wasn't right. That service wasn't right. So what I like to do is if I've got multiple products or service, I like to retarget that audience with different offers. And you will be shocked at how good this works. Somebody might be coming in for one thing. You'll be like, "Hey, they're only in the market for protein powder cuz that's what they click on." You might be at like a two or a three rorowaz for your protein powder. Then you start retargeting the people that didn't buy on that page with creatine. And you'll see maybe you're at a six row. I know it doesn't really make sense, but just trust me and thank me later. All right, it's time for the deep source. So this is what retargeting campaign looks for our clients. Exactly what we want to be doing is we're going to have our top offunnel ad. We're going to be sending them through to a landing page. Then in an ideal world, they are running one of my kinds of funnel, right? A high value content offer. And the reason that we do this is for multiple reasons, but the most important one is because we get so much intel from the market. Because we outbound call every person that downloads one of our free reports, we get them on the phone and we find out all their pains and fears, hopes and dreams, why didn't they book a phone call in us? Why they didn't buy? We take all those things and the first ad that we like to put together is an objection handling ad. We take all the reasons that they didn't book in a phone call. Then we need to address that. Then in addition to that, we're going to take proof testimonial ads. We're going to run them as carousel ads where we retarget those audiences and basically show them more proof that all the claims that we've been making in our ads actually deliver. Then we're going to have a third component. The third component is where we take up other subsequent offers, services, products that we could sell them and we're going to put them all into a CBO of our best performing ads for all of those products and we're going to retarget them as well also to those audiences. you do that, you will be printing. And then the last one is a audit of some description, something where you dress up your call of value in itself where whether or not these people buy, they are going to walk away from that phone call with some piece of value. Do that now and enjoy the upside. And that is hack number seven. Retarget with a different offer. All righty. So, this last hack, this is a thing that separates people that run ads versus people that run businesses. I spoke to a dude this morning who was at a 40 rorowaz and I'm like bro why are you not spending more money? He's like oh I just I I I don't know. But then more often than not when I then convince somebody to spend more money what they say is oh I tried spending more sub but the cost per lead went up to 50 bucks or my rorowaz went from a 15 down to an 11. And I'm like okay cool but did you make more money within a 30-day period? and they're like, "Yeah, but the rorowaz number as a percentage went down." >> Who cares? With a rorowaz percentage, I need that net cash. What you really want to be doing is looking at what the blended rorowaz is, not on an ad account level, but on a business level. And that's the thing that you're optimizing. But even more important than blended rorowaz is realistically net free cash flow. What you want to do is find what that break even rorowaz is. What is a realistic number that you can spend as the maximum to acquire a customer? And you want to keep feeding the beast until you get close to that number. You want to scale your ads as hard as you possibly can. Even if the rorowaz goes down from a 10 to a five, but the difference is between spending a,000 bucks a month to spending a h 100red grand a month. You make so much more money at the end of the day. The only way that you get confidence to scale a business is based on data. And you want to make sure that the integrity of your data is sound. Data gives you confidence. And if you have confidence, you move with speed and conviction. And that is the way that you go out there and literally wipe the floor with the competitors and take the market. Another very tactical thing that you can apply is block out 3 hours a month in your calendar to just look at your numbers. Looking at the numbers, feeling them, smelling them, actually knowing them. Not what your data analyst says, not what your media bias says. you physically going in and verifying the data yourself. The level of confidence that that gives you, it is very, very rare that there is another activity that you can do inside your business that's going to be more impactful than this. And that's hack number eight. Track the metric that actually matters. And these are the eight hacks that I wish I knew sooner. Now, you might be thinking like, Subrey, why do you make all of these videos? Like, you've already got this big business, you're a multi-millionaire, all of this stuff. Like I grew up in a single parent household and money was always a problem. And I always said to myself, if I get to a place where I have the means and the money, I want to be in a place where I can send the elevator back down. And that's exactly what I do in this content that I'm putting out on my channel. Because if this information can help you solve one of the problems in your life that money can solve, then every single video that I produce is worth it. So, if you're enjoying this content, if you want to see me keep making it and even making more of it, let me know what kind of content that you want to see. And if you enjoyed this video, you're going to absolutely love this one, which is on Facebook ads, and it's how to create [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you money from Facebook ads. Like, subscribe, and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @samarthkemwal6965 [1 likes]: This is one the best videos on YT regarding Meta Ads. Keep Going👍
  2. @Akhyarkhan561 [1 likes]: It is nice and beautiful and comment 
IP under the video
  3. @staraffirmations: I need a meta ds wiz bf
  4. @jameeno3: Thanks sabri
  5. @11SLOTH11: You’re a fucking weapon Sabri…. Thankyou so much for all this free and useful content!!
  6. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp
  7. @justLamonte: damn, buddy selling you shit in the first 2 minutes lol
  8. @BiteSized_: Skip this guy's content and bullshit website. It's just a giant funnel system. What a waste of time.
  9. @Sahar123-n6e: This is the real deal! Can you share insights on scailing demand gen campaigns on google?
  10. @tshirtstatement_com: Love the content . Great work .  Just found you . I have a little brand just starting . Your nfo is worth millions. . it's gold. . I'm dedicated student of your craft. . daily
  11. @AForeshadowingBlinker: i will thank daddy
  12. @BenVasseghi: How can i get you to consult my brand ? How can I reach you.
  13. @RohitBhupatiraju: What is the best MER/ Blended ROAS number for any business to stay running on profits ?
  14. @Movie.Buzz.Allnews: Thank you for sending the elevator back down and sharing your knowledge. I'd love to see a video focused on building and growing a brick-and-mortar service-based business.
  15. @smlofficial6911: Sabri I’d love to see more info about Email Marketing especially for ecom. Ad costs have driven ecom brands to need more retention marketing (Email!). Would love to hear your take on the future in that landscape as AI and ads transform.
  16. @ERoseFamily: Niceeee, more meta ads pleaseee
  17. @sennahsenna8289: 5 minutes and not talking nothing.
  18. @MarkMurrayOfficial: BS! This is nothing more than an ad for a platform that produces AI graphics. Video ads rule. I have some in the millions and they out perform static.
  19. @SpinbetterPartners: Truly a masterpiece!
  20. @MortAITristan: Sabri. You absolute legend
I've learned so much from you. 

Let's say you're not making a lot in MRR. But you really want to scale through Facebook ads. I live in South Africaso spending in rands, my local currency, when targeting in America is quite a stress because if you don't get it right, you're thinking a lot of cash. 

What advice would you give to a fresh agency emerging in South Africa or any other third world country trying to target America through Facebook ads?

- I Launched 30+ AI Ads to a LIVE Meta Account: Here's What Happened: Kind: captions Language: en I'm about to show you something that would have taken me two weeks six months ago. Launching 30 plus new creatives for a supplement brand in one session. Look, if you're running ads in 2025, you already know the game has completely changed. Andromeda needs the creative volume. The algorithm is hungry for creative and most advertisers are stuck producing 5 to 10 creatives a month when they need 5 to 10 a week, if not more. So, what I'm going to show you is my actual process, live, uncut, and going through AI generated ads on icon.com, cherrypicking the winners and loading them straight into our meta account to be launched and testing. Some of these are going to be great. Some of these are going to be well, you'll see what happens when the AI decides minerals means to put crystals everywhere. This isn't polished. It's messy, but this is exactly how I get 20 to 30 creatives tested every single week without a creative team. Watch how I make decisions in real time. What I keep, what I kill, and why. All right, let's get into it. All right, so I'm going to be launching a new set of ads into the Young Again account for this All Your Minerals product targeted towards grandparents. I'm not sure how it's going to go. I literally just set this up. So, I ran it a few times. Let's see what we got. Like, this is cool, but like what the what is that? [laughter] And it keeps putting it keeps putting it on them. Look. Oh, it's not as bad anymore. I think I Oh, see there's more. I think I might have fixed it. Outlast them. I don't know if it would outlast their grandkids. All right. Not liking any of these so far. This is kind of All right. Ripping it. There's a new ad set that I made. Oh, yeah. I already went into the meta account and then made a new ad set with the sample ad turned off with the settings and like copy and stuff that I want the AI CMO ads to copy. We'll try it. And really, it's just testing, testing, testing. So, like sometimes you'll see something, you won't be sure about it. I say just test it because sometimes things that I think aren't going to do that well do pretty well. Like this is not like that. All right. Woohoo. What the heck? It's kind of cool, but the pills are messed up. I'm not really liking what this is spitting out right now. This is all right. Crystals again. Why does it say it's just because it says minerals? It just like that's all right if those minerals weren't all over it. I'm saying this might work pretty well. This might work pretty well. Stuff like that seems to work well. I'll try. Yeah. And I can launch more than usual because I'm pretty aggressive with turning them off. What are these hands? That's kind of cool. I need to figure out what's suit those crystals though. That is pretty annoying. That might be all right. I like want more lifestyle. There's not as much lifestyle. What is this? I'm saying something like this. Oh, it's got the URL. I don't feel like deleting. Something like that might actually do really well. Oh, here we go. Not like that. Energized ones raise hell. And be like, "Yeah, I do raise some hell." Oh, I don't even know. What is that? Is that a thing? No, that ain't a thing. I just noticed the B and the D. Can't believe I thought that was a thing. Oh, this is pretty cool. I really hate these crystals. Like, hey, this is what a mineral looks like. You're going to be eating this crystal. Doesn't sound that great. Those pills are No, I can't. I want those pills. All right. Sick. This one even has a disclaimer. You know, it's crazy to think that just a few months ago, we were having trouble getting the product picture to look right [clears throat] on these ads. And now it's making this. All right. You see that angle? Look at this angle thing right here. 25 degree angle for what? Whatever you stole this from. It's making me ads based on math homework. Boom. All right. Sometimes that really doesn't work. It's pretty Well, it's not risky, but you never know. It's like 50/50. All right. Lifestyle. That's what we've been looking for. All right, dude. No way. You're lying. Oh my god. It is the thing. Holy heck. Am I qualified to be doing this? Does everyone know what that thing is? I like this one with that. Like the spelling is perfect. Used to be so hard to get the spelling All right, this is awesome. This put it in the mental sharpness ads set one perfect for me. Two, three, four, five. 14's pretty close to 17. The other ones are in the other bowl. That's just weird. These crystals. All This one could work. How many do we have in there? 17. This will be 18. We can do like 25. Teach my grandson to surf at 68. That would be sick if these crystals weren't here. All right. I like that one. Jeez. Why does that not match at all? Crystals. All right. This one could be good. We can play into the earth stuff because it's minerals. Whoa. They told me to act my age, so I hiked a mountain. All right. We can get some people hiking mountains here. Okay, this could work. I don't really like the green glow outline, but it'll be all right. Okay, I like it. I like it. That's 23 already. What? What if your best years aren't behind you? Just your minerals. They're behind my minerals. It better not be behind my minerals. It's not where all my best years. 17. Wow, that's sick. Are they correct? It's all right. Nobody's going to know those. We just need to know if the design converts and then we can work on it. trying to be awake for this. Oh, look at that bottle. Gh. What is this? He has a weird mineral pill swamp in his hand. Okay, this is sick. Background with the tree. I guess it fits. I'll run it. This is that This is definitely going to get good engagement. The good engagement stuff works. Sometimes it's not good engagement though. Well, it's good engagement, but it's bad engagement. They're like, "Ah, look at this a look at this stupid AI photo you're trying to trick me with." Wait, that like this shadow thing is kind of weird. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16. Did I count that wrong? So close. Turns out I wasn't getting old. I was just mineral deficient. that. No, we're going to type in an AI edit. Put our product bottle in our hand. There's no way you can mess this up. Okay. Well, my computer froze, so I'm not editing that one. No. What is this? Please. No. I was so far down the list. All right, get me back down there. Where was I? Look at those rocks she has in her hand. All right. 68 on the phone. I just No, we can try this. All right. The brand colors on the plants. That is a nice touch. AI, get your minerals. Get your minerals here. I just don't know about that one. That's kind of cool. What the he might have ran it. All right. I like this one. All right. We're at 30. That's 30. I'm going to keep looking though. Okay. We can do 35. Oh. All right. We can get like we can start an argument on this one. Maybe we're destroying the ner the earth's natural resources. The earth is tapped out. I kind of like this. All right, we got a lot of like this would be fine without that crystal stuff. All right, we can do this one. Where the heck? I like this one, too, if these stupid gems weren't in it. All right, so now we got our test ads set. Let's give it a refresh. There we go. Oh, look at all those. 31 of them loaded in, preparing. One of them's already on and ripping. All right. Well, I know this wasn't too valuable, but hopefully you get to see a little bit about kind of how I think or how I make decisions when I'm looking at stuff.

- How to make Meta Ad Creatives (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Why do some ads just feel good? We all know that feeling. We scroll on our feed, we see an ad, and it actually hits us. The brands like AG1, Comfort, Young LA, Skims, Element, these brands are dominating the new online market and have spent millions to crack customer psychology. And today, I'm going to pull the curtain back on how real marketers are actually making ads. This video is going to be a little bit different. We're going to forget about the KPIs, the structure. We're not going to be looking inside the ad account. We're going to take it back to the basics on how to actually make good ads. >> TGBT is not going to write you a golf headline about a foresome. Do manual research. These are things that people actually like to see. So, first we're going to go into the psychology. Then I'm going to show you a couple of good ad examples that you can learn from. And at the end, I'm going to give you action items that you can implement today to actually make better ads. And if you're new here, my name is Jared Robinson. I'm the founder of Creative Don, where we make ad creatives and run meta ads for direct to consumer brands chasing million-dollar months. We've been in business for three years, and I've been drop shipping since I was 13 years old. So, I'm coming up on a decade of running meta ads with tens of millions of dollars spent. So, nothing that we talk about here is theory. This is not an idea. This is backed by decades of firsthand experience and 8 figures spent on ads. But that's enough talk. Let's go ahead and jump in. So the first most important question is what actually makes a good ad. And the psychology really boils down to these four things. The first [music] thing we need to do is actually get their attention. And a lot of the data says you need 3 seconds. I would 100% disagree with that. I think you have about.5 seconds to actually grab someone's attention on the new internet. If you ever sit beside someone or watch people scroll, they're scrolling in less than a second. if it's not interesting to them. The second thing is going to be curiosity. And this is something that people really miss the mark on. You don't need to sell someone all the way in every single one of your ads, right? One of those long prospecting VSSLs where you take a cold scroller completely to a buyer in the ad. That is an example of where you're basically selling all in that original ad. But there are other ways and other things that you can do in your ads, which I'm going to show you in this video, where all you really need to do with the ad is spark enough curiosity to get them to click. And if the bottom of your funnel, whether it be, you know, a listical, a quizfunnel, or just a really good landing page where you can explain what your product does and why they need to buy it, all you need is curiosity in some ads. And really what that means is you're just peing their interest. The next one is going to be invoking some emotion. Are you making them fearful? Are you making them excited? What core emotion are you connecting with that's going to make them feel some kind of way? And the next examples that I'm going to show you with this is going to be extreme stark contrast from positive emotions, humor, laughter to really dark negative emotions, fear, insecurity. This is extremely important that you understand who you're selling to and where they are so you can figure out what emotion is most likely to influence them to make a buying decision. And the final one, we're going to do this one in green, is connection. You need to connect with your CP or the customer that you're trying to sell to. So, next I'm going to show you good ad examples and what you can learn from them. The first two I'm going to show you are really focused on curiosity and emotion. And the second two are more focused on attention and connection. Okay? So, these first two are ads that we're sending to quiz funnels or consumption funnels. Okay? It's important that you understand that because there's not a whole lot of selling done in these ads, but we're really pulling on their curiosity and on their emotion. Let's break down this ad on the left here first. So, this ad we are selling something that is going to allow women to increase their chances of getting pregnant. So, we know we're selling to women in a very emotional time. They're probably thinking, "What's wrong with me?" They maybe think that they're overthinking. Maybe nothing is wrong. And then we're really digging in here when we say, "Stop blaming yourself for not seeing that positive." Actually, this is funny. I actually saved the one with a typo for this thing. Supposed to say test, not text. That's funny. But this actually says when we actually ran it, stop blaming yourself for not seeing that positive test. Take the quiz and see what's stopping you. So, what are we doing? Are we following these things up here? Did we get their attention? Yes. Are we sparking curiosity? Yes. Are we hitting an emotional pain point? Yes. And are we connecting with our ICP? Yes. And I think everyone watching this video right now can agree this is a good ad. Okay, the next one, and this one's a little bit unique. We have some weird ads. This is for a Looks maxing company. Um, they're basically, you know, selling something that allows people to figure out what's wrong with their face. This I think the philosophy or the psychology behind this ad is I'm almost imagining a young person maybe 16 to 22 doom scrolling at night. It's dark and there's this face looking back at them that's hitting that first thing. It's getting their attention. The next one is it's super simple text. What if one tool gave you everything you need to ascend? And if you're not familiar with the niche, ascend is like a very specific term in the um you know looks maxing space. So that's why we use that term because it's giving us that connection with our ICP and it's also hitting an emotion by just the darkness and the actual you know showing of this face. And overall, this ad is meeting the actual ICP where they need to be met with the content that they need to be met with the copy that they need to read that's going to invoke that curiosity and make them click. And then what happens in the funnel is um there's a lot more consumption in the funnel. These next two ads are very very different, right? These are not dark. These are not really pulling on a whole lot of curiosity. They're not pulling on a whole lot of emotion. But when you're selling, you know, driver covers or putter covers or, you know, a cup that's cleaner for dipping, you don't really need to do that, right? But there are a lot of you out there who don't have these dark brands that are, you know, solving some massive problem, but you still want to make good ads, right? So, when we have products like this, we're really focused on attention, getting the attention fast, and connection. This is funny, right? It's a meme format almost or it's a meme words. The foresome experience you dream about. This is a sharable ad, right? With this these golf products, we're not selling to the old guard of golfers, right? We're selling to, you know, the Gen Z, the millennial golfer who's going to put down 12 Miller lights on, you know, 18 holes on a weekend with his boys. So, we have to understand that we're not just showing them the product. We have to connect with that consumer base, right? And what are those people going to buy because of, you know, if it makes them feel like they're one of the boys, if it's funny, if they can share it with their friends. And we're also increasing the average order value by making an ad like this because this is an ad that they would share to their friends, be like, "Haha, this is funny." The next one, made for spitters, not quitters. I mean, it's just funny, right? Like, you got to think, I'm over here. I have the Zins, the VOS, I don't dip, but if I saw this ad, I would think it's funny. It's connecting with me. It's getting my attention. I would maybe share this with my boys. Right? So, that's the contrast that I want you to understand. Not every ad is built the same, but those four key psychological principles are what's going to allow you to actually build ads that are going to connect with the people that you need them to connect with. Right? The whole point of this, we're not out here talking about, you know, certain video structures or, you know, awareness stages or whatever. We're just trying to make good ads, right? We're trying to think about the psychology behind good ads in this video. Okay. Now, you can tell that if the ICP of this ad were to get either of these two ads, they would be like totally scrolling 2 seconds and vice versa. But you know that if a pregnant lady or a lady who's trying to get pregnant is going to see this ad, very curious. You know, someone who's already aware of the whole looks maxing movement. If they get this ad when they're doom scrolling at night, they're going to be curious. They're going to click on it. You know the Gen Z golfer who's pounding Miller lights on the course. If he gets this ad, he's going to send it to his boys. And you know that the guy who dips a lot and his girl complains about, you know, his nasty dip cup. You know, there's a good possibility that he's going to buy this. So, I wanted to show those examples. We actually made every single one of those ads, by the way. Those are just a few ads that we've made um for some of our clients. But I want you to really understand that and understand the psychology of how to actually make a good ad, right? These are not just products with, you know, the ingredients that the product has. Nobody cares. News flash. These are not just, you know, product pictures with, you know, how heavy the t-shirt weighs or what GSM it is. News flash, nobody cares, right? These are things that people actually like to see. It's funny. It's hitting them. It's maybe the curiosity of that um pregnancy one is, you know, invoking some emotion of, oh, maybe there's something that can help me, right? I really want you to understand that cuz I feel like there's a lot of videos on YouTube. There's a lot of people who are talking about stuff that it does matter. And I I do this too, right? I talk about, you know, the structure that you need to be testing with, how much volume you need to be doing, how much diversity you need to be doing, but I don't really see a whole lot of videos on YouTube of people just actually talking about how to make good ads. So now that you understand those ads is where we get into the action items, right? And first things first, before you make any ad, any ad, you should be doing tons of deep research. Okay? I actually just gave a speech in Miami a few weeks ago, and the number one question that I got at the end of my speech was, "How do I do my research?" or, "How are you doing research?" Most of the people there hadn't even really done tons of manual research and you should be doing manual research. Stop doing tragedy. Spend three or four days in a row just actually doing research on your niche on your product. Go to Reddit. Read your competitor's reviews. Read Amazon reviews. Read comments on Tik Tok videos. Ad comments. Do competitor analysis. Do manual research. I see so many people who they're seeing these people on Twitter being like, "Oh, AI is taking over. You can do deep research in five minutes with chatbt." It's like, "Yeah, you can. You can do that." And I can do that. I have really good prompts, but I'm still in the trenches. I'm still reading Reddit comments. I'm still doing that because that's where you can actually understand your customer. Those ads that we saw that we reviewed a second ago, [snorts] those are not ads that you can just make from copy and pasting into Reddit and getting headlines from ChadBt. Chad GBT is not going to write you a golf headline about a forsome. I promise you, ChadBt is not going to write that. Okay, that's where you have to be funny. ChadBt is not going to write you something about spitters and quitters. Okay? You have to actually do research. You have to actually think, be funny, try to write some decent copy. And the way that you do that is not by some chatbt deep research prompt. It's by actually doing the research yourself. So this is the first action item. You need to be doing all of these things and just taking notes. Make a deep research document, right? Not that you're going to paste into Chad GBT, but that you're just going to write stuff. Copy and paste things from Reddit. Copy and paste reviews that you see on your competitor's websites, on their Amazon, um, anywhere. Copy, add comments, take screenshots, copy and paste and build a true research document so that you can understand what people are saying, right? The next is going to be the framework. So after you do the research, then you need to actually write briefs. Okay? And the way that we write briefs, I'm just going to give it away to you right here. Okay? So the first thing is you need the concept. Then you need the creative type, right? Is it a curiosity based static ad? Us versus them? Um, you know, USP call out, social proof and review based ad, whatever it is. Always write down your creative type because you don't want to make a hundred of the exact same ad. You do need creative diversity, right? Then you want to call out the angle. What are you actually doing? Who are you actually selling to? Headline, CTA, and visual direction. So, that's how you're going to actually make the ads. And then you're either going to ship this off to somebody else to make it or you can go back and review the brief that you made and actually make it for yourself in Canva. Okay. So, I'll erase all this so you can actually take a screenshot or something of the actual framework of how you should be laying out your planning for static ads. Now, just to recap what actually makes a good ad, it speaks directly to the ICP. It creates a curiosity gap, triggers an emotional response response, and provides a clear path to a solution. And this is what makes the viewer feel like this is made for me. Like what I talked about in the beginning of the video, those ads that just hit you. They're just good ads, right? I know it's funny. I actually bought my girl some scams for Christmas. There was an ad. They just had an offer so good I just could not refuse. That's the kind of guy I am. I'm cheap, right? [laughter] I like I like good offers, especially. It's not even that I'm cheap that I don't want to spend the money, but I since I'm in ecom, if I ever see an ad with a really good offer, that's what makes me buy. So, we want to make the viewer feel like this is made for them. And the way that we do that is by not making generic ads that look like everybody else's. It's by doing good research, speaking to the ICP, and testing systematically. So, yeah. how to make good ads research framework that I gave you and test properly. So, I hope you learned something from this. If you made it to the end, don't forget to subscribe. And if you made it to the end, comment something like make better ads or better ads or something like that so I can see who the real ones are who made it to the end of the video. And if you are a direct consumer brand spending $50,000 a month or more on Meta and you don't want to take the time to build this out for yourself, you want a partner to come in and do it for you, good news. News flash, you're in the right place. I'm your guy. Just click the link below on our website. We have a bunch of case studies, testimonials, some work that we've done, and a full video walkthrough explaining exactly what we do. All right, see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @saeed_bdk [10 likes]: ❓What makes a good ad?
⚠4 core elements: Attention, Curiosity Emotion, Connection 
🎯Speaks to ICP's pain points
🎯Creates curiosity gap
🎯Triggers emotional response
🎯Provides clear solution
🎯Makes them feel, "it's for me"

❓How to make good ads?
Research > Framework > Test
10:45 ⭕Deep Research: Reddit, Reviews, Ad comments, Competitor research
12:30 ⭕Framework: Creative type, Angle, Headline, CTA, Visual direction


13:30 📽 Recap
  2. @krysttonjhonatan [2 likes]: That was a lesson, this beatiful video! tks brother, very nice!
  3. @TirenioluwaSamuel-b7h [2 likes]: Make better ads

This is really helpful!!
  4. @WillStevens-x5b [2 likes]: So much game in this video. Thanks 🙏
  5. @SatvikCS [1 likes]: You are truly genius
  6. @BryceMccullum: be funny got it fml.....
  7. @utopiadweller: Better ads
  8. @jakefrosher: 👌🏽
  9. @OmarZeineldin: 6:09 not trying to be a looser but did anyone catch it?
  10. @alexrechevskiy: Kind of have to rethink a lot of things when your ad examples are swindling women who struggle with conception and then swindling men who struggle with self confidence.
  11. @alessandro4337: Idk if its just me, but some of those ads were confusing. Like the golf, and ascending ones. Do they grab your attention? yes, but you had to explain it to understand what was actually being sold. Someone who isn't in on the lingo have to research it or click on the link. Think about how many potential buyers you're losing?? Maybe I am wrong, but what if adding some elements in there to actually be direct about whats being sold???
  12. @ct69109: Make better ads
  13. @DannyOne-g2q: Make better ads! (Just to show that I made it to the end). Great content, and thank God you're not one of the creators that create good content and then slap some appalling AI-generated thumbnail on top of it. Great content, so much value, time to go and apply. I've been a  website, UI/UX, and graphics designer for 5+ years; lately I've been trying to stack marketing and sales on that skill set to really grow my value in the market.
  14. @hereyougo1782: good content, BTW clean the glass behinr you.
  15. @OdaaAncestral: Brazil Heree Bro !! Thanks
  16. @MagmuuStore: Make better ads
  17. @Createdbybalake: For UGC is it A: better to QB sneak the sale till the end or Strong hook open Curiosity loop, then sell the dream outcome of product
  18. @prod.heymiah: make better ads
  19. @JennyHansenLane: I want to make funny ads. ha
  20. @mrchrisames: make better ads

- How to make Meta Ad Creatives (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Everyone teaches you how to push buttons in ad manager, but nobody teaches you how to think like a creative strategist. And that is exactly what I'm going to do in today's video. I'm Frazer, one of the co-founders at Fragle. We work with D2C brands that you see on your feeds every single day, and we have over 450 million in tracked ad spend. Today, I'm going to share with you the framework that we have used to help scale hundreds of D2C brands. So, if you want to master how to think creatively, this is the perfect guide for you. Before we get into hook, script, production, let's get one thing straight. Meta ads are still just ads, and ads work because of human psychology. The principles haven't changed in since the print era. We're talking like Mad Men ads. Attention, you need to stop the scroll. Curiosity, you want to make someone want to find out more. Emotion, you need to make someone feel something. Make them laugh. Make them cry. Whatever, just make them feel something. And the Meta ads that actually work are the ones that tick all those boxes, and they make a genuine connection with the potential customer. If you get that, then you're already one step ahead of 99% of the advertisers on Meta. So, next up, creative research. How do we actually get the ideas? I have written so many scripts. I have thought of so many concepts at this point that I feel like I could probably do most of this in my sleep. And I can tell you right now that the ideas do not come from staring at a blank Google Doc. I've done that many times, and it just simply doesn't work. No matter how much you will it to happen. Instead, from research, deep and intentional research. We need to know as much as we possibly can do about the brands and the products that we're making ads for. I'm hoping if you are a brand owner, then you already know quite a lot about your brand, but do you know a lot about your customer? Because that is the secret unlocked. So, the key here is to learn more about your customer, and the best place to do that is to go to the places where your customer hangs out. Essentially, you need to be fishing in the right ponds. A couple of best places to do this research, number one being Reddit. There's a reason why 90% of searches on Google end with Reddit at the end of them is because it's a great place to find out the real opinion of others. Customers go there to complain, customers go there to shout your praise, and if you have a look on there, then you will see a lot of information that you are not normally privy to. There's been times where we've literally print screened a Reddit thread and used that in a static because it was just absolute gold. In fact, I actually recently made a video on how you can use Reddit and AI to do exactly that. There's a link to it somewhere up here. Reddit is just an absolutely fantastic place to do a ton of research. Another one is your reviews. If someone has gone to the effort to leave a review on your website, they either love your products or they absolutely hate it. And so, it's a really great place to find out why people like your product and why people hate your product. Read your Amazon reviews. If you're on there, read your own reviews that people are submitting via your website. Go on Trustpilot. All these places where people are leaving reviews about your brand and your products are great places to find out more about your customer. And when you're doing this, you want to look at patterns, potentially patterns you haven't even thought about. For example, are people saying they use your product when they're pregnant and you've never made an ad about your product being used for pregnant women? Well, there you go. That's an ad angle. You just come up with one just from reading your reviews. You'd be shocked how many times this happens. I download a client's reviews, I input them into chat GPT, and I come up with like five or six use cases that they never even knew the product was being used for. The next one is your ad comments. If you are a brand that's spending a lot of money, the chances are your ads are getting a lot of engagement. And so, use that engagement because you've paid for it. So, why don't you have a look at it and see there's any hidden gems in there. Are people talking about your products in a positive light? Are they once again giving use cases? Your ads are essentially focus groups. It's people tagging friends in there. It's people talking about when and how they've used your product. And so, you need to read these religiously. One of my favorite pastimes is whenever an ad comes up on my feed that we've made, I love going into the comments and I love reading them. Both to see what people think of the ad. It's a great way to get like honest feedback. Do people actually like this ad? But also just to learn more about how your customer speaks. What language are they using? Another great place is your competitors' ads. Obviously, ad library is somewhere that most marketers live at this point. You can search out any brand or phrase and you can see the ads that they're running. But also, you can use tools like Foreplay where people are actively saving ads. You can click on them. You can discover more ads that people are saving live. It's a great place for inspiration in general, not just from your competitors. One thing to note here, though, is if you are only just copying your competitors, your ads are going to look like your competitors. And surprise, surprise, if someone is into fitness, they're being targeted by you and all your competitors. So, if your ads look like your competitors, then you are not going to stand out from the crowd and you are going to lose sales. So, instead, if you're using these aggregate sites like Foreplay, look in different niches. Look at different types of ads that you could potentially bring to your product. And also, finally, we've got AI. This kind of goes without saying, but this is probably one of the best ways to quickly research your brand. You can use Claude. You can use ChatGPT. You can use Gemini. Whatever it is, they all kind of do the same thing. Some people say Gemini's great. Other people say that ChatGPT's great. Personally, I love ChatGPT. I think it's just really easy to use. I can use it deep research tool in there. It pretty much does exactly what I want it to, but I have started to dabble with other things like Gemini because, well, it's Google, isn't it? When you're conducting this research, it's really important that you like make a folder on Google Drive where you save all this research. Not only can it help further down the line when you're integrating AI into your workflow. You can input these research documents to give the AI context, but also it's just a great place just to revert back to to see how your customer compares now to how they did 3 years ago. Okay, so now we've done the research. That arguably is the longest part that most people don't want to do, but if you spend time on it, it will be the thing that gives you the creative edge. And of course, the more you do it, the better you will get at it and the faster you will be. But let's move on to the next thing. Let's talk about ideas and angle generation. There's a couple of ways that you can do this. You can literally just wing it if you want or you can use some kind of like idea matrix or something like that. At Fragile, we often use like the angle, which is the idea, the concept. We think of a hook to go along with that and then a format. So, the first thing we need to do is identify those angles, concepts, whatever you want to call them, it's all the same thing. But essentially, this is the core positioning, the core messaging of your ad. So, for example, if we're talking about protein bars, better tasting than the competitors could be one. Cleaner ingredients, that could be another one. And if we think of a use case, potentially it's more convenient for busy parents on the go. They are all messaging. They're key angles that we can target and most importantly, we can test. So, once I've got my messaging, I normally like to think of some kind of idea and then from that idea, I like to think of a hook. And remember, a hook is just the first like 3 seconds of your ad and its pure purpose is to capture attention. So, let's say that we're going with the taste better than the competitors. Hook number one could be a taste test. Hook number two could be I've tried 10 of the top protein bars and this one's my favorite. And hook number three could be someone coughing up sand with the caption, most protein bars taste like the desert. We're thinking of fun, entertaining, educational ways in order to show people your idea, your messaging to interest people and potentially to open the loop. I always use this example, but think about Mr. Beast. He normally starts every single video by saying, "I locked 200 people in an ice cave, and here's what happened." That is a hook, and you're opening the loop because people have to watch the video to find out what happened. It's the same reason why on TV shows they say, "Tune in next week to find out if blah blah blah blah blah." We're opening the loop because people naturally want to close them. Next up is the format. Now, we don't always pick the format last. You can do these in any order. You could come up with a great hook and go, "That will make a great UGC video." Or, you can come up with a messaging first. Or, you might look at your ad account and go, "We need more founder ads." Now you've got your format first, let's work that way instead. So, just because I've listed it in this order does not mean that you necessarily have to do it. You just need these three things. So, if we're talking about format, obviously there's a number of different formats for ads. We've got UGC ads, static ads, founder ads, podcast ads, the list goes on. And the idea here is that you can test a format with a messaging, and then you can see how that performs. Is it a messaging that perhaps we could pursue a bit further? Maybe we could try that same messaging as a static. We're testing things to see what works because you might find a winning message that only works in a static format. You could find a format that only works with a specific messaging. And the only way we're going to find that out is through testing. So, for example, The Black Stuff, a brand that we work with, we made a couple of ads for their new products, which was a new shower cloth. And the messaging was, "This shower cloth is better and cleaner than the current one that you have, which is probably a dirty washcloth." And so, we tried this in a couple of different formats. The first one being a podcast. >> So, one question we got asked is, "What is the biggest mistake guys make when showering?" >> Oh man, uh it's definitely the washcloth they're using. So, most guys don't realize after just a few uses, those regular washcloths have got more bacteria on them than a toilet seat. >> And then we also want to try it in a UGC format, which is this. >> Breaking news, just in. The average man's washcloth contains more bacteria than a dog's mouth. This thing is basically licking you clean every shower. >> You can see the ads are different. The format is obviously clearly different, but the messaging is very, very similar. The cloth that you are using now is inferior to what we have at the black stuff. And so now what we can do is test both of those and see what format works. What does the customer connect with the most? That is essentially creative testing. That is creative strategy at the soul of it. Thinking up new ideas, different messaging, different format, testing them, see what works, see what performs best, and then scaling. Now we've got the angles, we've got the hooks. Now let's talk more about the formats, when to use them, and why we should use them. Because believe it or not, most formats actually belong in a certain funnel stage. Listen, we spoke about the funnel many a times before, top, middle, and bottom of the funnel. All depends on how aware the customer is. So with that in mind, we also need to make sure that we tailor the format of the ad to how aware the customer is. So, top of the funnel. This is where people have no idea who you are. They have never seen you, they've never heard of you before. Normally these people are often also problem unaware. They have no idea what the problem is that you're also trying to solve. So we need to educate them on a couple of things, yourself and the problem that you fix. So how do we do that? We want content that is very easy to consume and normally educational. UGC ads are a great example of this. They normally introduce you and the product in a natural and organic way. For example, this is one that we made for Aloha. >> Here is all the Aloha bars we got. Oh my gosh. I've tried Quest, RX Bar, Kind, but it was Aloha bars I kept reaching for in the end. >> A more recent trend that's come about is street interviews. These fit very well into the organic feed because it feels like something that you would see on your TikTok feed, and therefore very good for introducing people to the brand and the product. This is one that we did for the Black Stuff. >> I want you to take a smell of this soap and tell me what you think it's made of. >> And another great example is founder ads. This is one of my favorites. >> This man discovered the secret to the perfect deodorant smell. If a man uses deodorant like this, then I'm sorry to say that that is no man. >> People really connect with story. Storytelling is becoming more and more important inside your meta ads, and founder ads in general fit that formula absolutely perfectly, because you're telling the story of someone who had a problem and developed a product for that problem. We want to build trust, we want to build authority, we want to educate people. All this happens at the top of the funnel. Next, of course, is the middle of the funnel. People are a little more aware of you. They're probably problem aware. They might not be product aware yet, but we're going to get them there. And this is where things like mini VSLs are absolutely perfect. Very, very heavy educational. We want to educate, we want to build some kind of desire. Also, another great example here, which is really fast and easy to make and test, are mashup ads. I've spoken about these numerous times. I think these are pretty incredible, and every brand should be making them. Get an archive of all of your footage, of all of your UGC footage, raw stuff, no captions. Mash it all together with an AI voice over. Hey presto, you can test these really quickly, multiple different messagings and hooks. They're fantastic. Another great format for this is the podcast ad. These are a little bit hit and miss. They don't always work for every brand that we test them with. However, this example from the Cure App was one of their top performers in the ad account, and was a real pleasure to make as well. >> What time do your cravings hit hardest? >> 9:00 every single night. >> Tonight, I want you to try something that seems too simple to work, but changes everything. >> What is it? >> 15 minutes with this, and wake up with less cravings tomorrow. >> Really educational, but most importantly, they position you and your product as the best and only solution. Now, bottom of the funnel, these people are pretty much ready to purchase. And so, usually what I suggest here is static ads. They're the easiest to pump out and normally give you the best results. Just a simple static ad can do absolute wonders for your ad account. Of course, we can have offer-based ads. These are where we drive a little bit of urgency here. We say, you know, you can get limited-time 30% off because Meta is going to deliver these to people who are ready to purchase. They just need that extra push. And an offer can be just that. A video format we can use here is like testimonial compilations. You can get these by simply reaching out to your customers, give them something for free, and they record you a video. It's like UGC, but real UGC. We do quite a lot of these for The Black Stuff, and honestly, the results are pretty astounding sometimes. You'll be shocked how many customers you have that absolutely love your product. The format should always match the intent, not just the trend. I mentioned street interviews, and I mentioned podcasts. These are trendy formats, to be honest. I don't know whether they'll stick around. They haven't really been around for that long. And so, you need to make sure that when you're doing this, you don't put all your eggs in one basket. Make sure you try multiple different formats with the same messaging. In fact, I recently made a video with my top 10 ad formats that are converting like crazy right now. If you want to watch that, there is a link up there as well. You might want to check out that before deciding exactly what you're going to invest your money into. A great example here is Leaf Shave, right? We used UGC videos at the top of the funnel to introduce people to the products and show a use case, and show real people using it. But then we use VSLs to further educate people on why they exist, and why you should choose Leaf over anybody else. Different formats for different parts of the funnel. Now, finally, let's talk about actually producing these ads. Honestly, there's no real secret formula to this. At Fraggle, we really do make it all. We have a huge studio here, 2 and 1/2 thousand square foot of content creation madness, which allows us to make, you know, studio-level high-production ads. But then we can also make really ugly, scrappy UGC, or quickly mash-together mash-up videos, or even polished founder ads. We can really do it all here, because sometimes it is needed. Finding an agency that can do all these things is sometimes required. But for some other people, perhaps you're a small-time founder, then you might want to look at doing, you know, formats that you can actually produce well. Every single brand on Meta at that level, they all run Meta ads. Mercedes-Benz, they run ads. The $20 t-shirt brand, they also run Meta ads. Different production levels, same ad, same attention game. But regardless of the production level, regardless of whereabouts you are, there's a couple of core principles. Number one, speed beats perfection. At the end of the day, it's going to be the ad that you spend the least time on that's going to be the best performing. So, if you have an idea, go and make it. It doesn't matter on the format. Sometimes you just need to get it out and test it. Don't spend four weeks perfecting one ad, because the chances are it might not perform. Clarity over aesthetics. Listen, you can make an ad look absolutely beautiful, but if you're not getting the point across to the viewer of the video, it's completely pointless. I watched an ad recently, and it looked brilliant. I had no idea what was going on. And so, I turned it off, because clarity, it always wins. And finally, your editing should serve the emotion of the ad. Your editing should simply amplify what you want your customer to feel, not distract from it. I see so many videos where it's just full of cheap transitions that they've downloaded from a template website, and there's no actual substance. They've just tried to polish a turd. You can put on as much glitter as you want on it, it's still a turd. The beauty of Meta ads is that the more researched, the more well-rounded your ad is, the better it's going to perform. And you're going to get first-hand data, as well. You're going to actively see retention graphs. You're going to see numbers on how well your ad is performing that you can then use to make better ads. And there we go. You now know the exact formula that we use here at Fraugster to make top-performing ad creatives. And this is the exact framework we use, by the way. We scaled seven, eight, and nine-figure D2C brands with exactly what I've just taught you. So, if you happen to be a brand that's spending over 70,000 on ad creative, I would absolutely love to have a conversation with you. So, just scan the QR code on the screen or click the link down below and you can book a call with me and me and you can have a little face-to-face. And if you do want to see more videos like this and you want to learn more about creative strategy and ad creative in general, then please do subscribe. It's been a real joy to see the channel thrive over the past couple of months. Leave a comment if you have any questions and also, of course, like the video and I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @educationchannel-gr2ch [2 likes]: This is really useful. Thanks for sharing with everyone.
  2. @jakefrosher [1 likes]: 👌🏽
  3. @HSFilms22 [1 likes]: Honestly, I would say that it's really valuable content that you give, and I'm pretty much new to Meta ads. I wanted to do it for my brand, my toy brand, 3D magnetic blocks. I'm just thinking about how I can run these ads. What should be the creative strategies for these ads? You help me a lot to understand the psychology of these ads and how it can be run, but I will test and see what we can get. I will be in touch with you, bro. Thanks.
  4. @intermarketingagency1 [1 likes]: How do you do these visuals!!!!!!!
  5. @onisim_32 [1 likes]: Man, honestly, thank you! Best content for creative strategy!
  6. @olifitzer [1 likes]: super helpful thanks brother
  7. @marcuscarter: I was wondering, I have an instagram reel with 2.7 million views, would you recommend trying to use the script as the intro to the Ad?
  8. @adriavillaret4599: You've got amazing advice brother
  9. @dangfutalan: Thanks for the ad formats!! This was what I was searching for!!
  10. @sabrinagiannoni: do you have a course or teaching space?
  11. @WHOSNEXTSTORIES: Is this trick working for photography business?pls rply
  12. @dontknow258: Why he is so good and great advices with. Loving his video day by day
  13. @xray5043: If I wash myself with soap im clean. If I do my laundry with soap it's clean. If I wash my wash cloth with soap after use and let it air dry it's dirty 🤔
  14. @lifebysmiley_yt: I actually bought a Leaf shaver from an ad i saw. I had no idea you guys were behind it. Excellent work it was straight to the point and made me believe it was the perfect product for me (it still is) which shows how effective your ads actually are
  15. @cristian.daczo1: Sick video , can you make a video about making Iterations of your best ads, like lets say you make a batch of ads and 1 ad performs well and the other 2 flop, what do you do next, I hear people say double down on what is working but how do you actually do that, what does that look like, please make a video about this🙏🙏
  16. @ghulam.hafeez786: Thank you sir your great teacher
  17. @pedroz3891: Great content. 
This could be a 3 hour lesson that I would love to watch haha
I understand that the video needs to be fast for youtube retention, so I'm pausing and taking notes.
It's not easy to find quality videos about ads indeed
  18. @In.experto.simracing: Man , I love you! You open my mind. I’m new here and I’m starting my business 🙌🏻
  19. @loganselk9183: What does it cost to work with you guys?
  20. @geoffatavoncliffe221: Ok Frazer but how do I find out about my customer?  I publish book on the worlds biggest marketplace, Amazon, and that the one bit of information Amazon KDP wont release to us.  In fact I think it against there T&Cs to connect the buyer directly.

- How I Make 200+ Winning Meta Ads Per Week (Full Production Process): Kind: captions Language: en-US Let's get it going. So, for anyone who doesn't&nbsp; know me, my name is Savannah Sanchez. I founded&nbsp;&nbsp; The Social Savannah back in 2020. I've been&nbsp; one of the top creative ad producers for Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; and Tik Tok. Uh, my team is very unique. I have&nbsp; a team of 40 internal creators that I work with&nbsp;&nbsp; every single week on making ads for my group of&nbsp; around 50 clients. I have around 10 editors who&nbsp;&nbsp; also work with me and we make over 200 ads a week&nbsp; for my group of 50 clients. So today is all going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be about sharing the processes behind the&nbsp; scenes and how I developed uh this process to&nbsp;&nbsp; be able to create such a high volume of great&nbsp; ads every week. Uh just below is some of the&nbsp;&nbsp; brands I've worked for including Fabletics,&nbsp; ELF, Bumble, Athletic Greens, Loop Earplugs,&nbsp;&nbsp; just to name a few. So this session you're going&nbsp; to learn all the secrets around how these ads are&nbsp;&nbsp; actually made. I'm extremely excited for this&nbsp; one. I've never done a session quite like this&nbsp;&nbsp; before and I'm really pulling back the curtain&nbsp; on my entire process essentially. I will be&nbsp;&nbsp; emailing the deck to my newsletter subscribers.&nbsp; So please go to the socialsavannah.com and sign&nbsp;&nbsp; up for my newsletter if you haven't already.&nbsp; Uh last time I did a motion event like this,&nbsp;&nbsp; you all crashed my website. So thank you for that.&nbsp; So, if you go to my website to try to sign up for&nbsp;&nbsp; the newsletter and it crashes, just try later&nbsp; today. I won't be sending out the deck for a&nbsp;&nbsp; couple days uh for every for everyone who's going&nbsp; to get the replay after. So, all good there. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to explain a little bit about how&nbsp; my process works. So, every Monday we shoot&nbsp;&nbsp; content with my team of 40 creators and actors.&nbsp; Uh on Mondays and Tuesdays is when we typically&nbsp;&nbsp; film. Then on Wednesdays and Thursdays, I work&nbsp; with my team of editors of creating anywhere from&nbsp;&nbsp; 4 to 12 ads for each client. And then on Friday,&nbsp; I send it for the clients to review. And so that&nbsp;&nbsp; weekly process repeats every single week. I'm a&nbsp; big fan of creator whitelisting. So that means&nbsp;&nbsp; that when the ads are done, my clients get access&nbsp; to run the ads from their own page as well as the&nbsp;&nbsp; creators page. We've seen creator whitelisting&nbsp; work incredibly well. And then of course I create&nbsp;&nbsp; custom reports for my clients using motion,&nbsp; the best software ever for creative reporting,&nbsp;&nbsp; analysis, creative research. So that's a huge part&nbsp; of my process as well. And then of course I am a&nbsp;&nbsp; badged Tik Tok marketing partner and meta business&nbsp; partner. So let's talk about the team structure.&nbsp;&nbsp; So you essentially need three positions to create&nbsp; high performing ads. Number one, you need the&nbsp;&nbsp; strategist. So, in this case, this could be me.&nbsp; For the Social Savannah clients, you need someone&nbsp;&nbsp; who is going through all of the data to go through&nbsp; all of your past ads to see what's working. You&nbsp;&nbsp; need someone who's going to be doing the creative&nbsp; research portion, who is going to be writing the&nbsp;&nbsp; scripts, giving the shot lists to the creators,&nbsp; reviewing the footage, giving the editors their&nbsp;&nbsp; brief, reviewing the editor's drafts to give any&nbsp; revisions to them. ultimately uh overseeing the ad&nbsp;&nbsp; until it's sent to the client. Next, you need your&nbsp; creator and the creator is in charge of providing&nbsp;&nbsp; all of the raw footage for the ad. And then the&nbsp; editor is the person who is going to take that&nbsp;&nbsp; raw footage from the creator, follow the brief&nbsp; in order to add the text overlays, animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; put all the clips together. So to dive into a bit&nbsp; more about what a strategist does, want to look&nbsp;&nbsp; at the motion reports to learn from all of the ad&nbsp; account data. What's great about the position I am&nbsp;&nbsp; in where I have 50 clients. I can look at the ad&nbsp; account data for all of my clients. So I'm looking&nbsp;&nbsp; every week to see are there any trends I can&nbsp; learn from one client and apply it to the others.&nbsp;&nbsp; Like if there's an editing style that's working&nbsp; really well or a hook. I love to be able to see&nbsp;&nbsp; that across clients to be able to build a case&nbsp; of why we should test a certain ad. So sharing&nbsp;&nbsp; these motion reports with my clients of how their&nbsp; performance is doing as well as me looking at it&nbsp;&nbsp; every week is a huge part of the process. The next&nbsp; part is looking for ad inspiration which I usually&nbsp;&nbsp; find from competitors of my clients brands. I also&nbsp; just look at other large brands and industries. I&nbsp;&nbsp; also have been using Tik Tok trends as a source of&nbsp; inspiration for a lot of my clients just to find&nbsp;&nbsp; really cool edits and transitions. I feel like&nbsp; they always trend on Tik Tok first before you see&nbsp;&nbsp; it in an ad. And so I use motion for the creative&nbsp; research portion as well. Uh the strategist is&nbsp;&nbsp; going to decide on the hooks, write the scripts,&nbsp; give the shot list to editors, give feedback, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then deal with any client revisions. So this is&nbsp; basically what I do every week. This is what I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; doing every day is going through this process for&nbsp; my clients. Next, let's dive into a bit more about&nbsp;&nbsp; what a creator and editor does. So, the creator&nbsp; is receiving the ad inspiration and the script&nbsp;&nbsp; and the shot list from the strategist. They're&nbsp; providing the raw content only and no editing. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe you can learn a bit from my mistakes.&nbsp; When I first got started with this in 2020,&nbsp;&nbsp; I actually had had the creators do a lot of the&nbsp; editing um where they would just edit it on Cap&nbsp;&nbsp; Cut. But, you know, I'm a big believer of let the&nbsp; creators do what they do best, which is creating&nbsp;&nbsp; raw content. So, they're providing the raw content&nbsp; only. They're also not finding ad inspiration.&nbsp;&nbsp; They are not the strategist behind it. You need&nbsp; someone who's going to be dedicated to that.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's separate roles. the creator is essentially&nbsp; receiving the shot list, the inspiration links and&nbsp;&nbsp; um the scripts and is executing on the brief.&nbsp; So very different positions and then of course&nbsp;&nbsp; uh the editors are the ones who are going to be&nbsp; taking the direction and putting it all together.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I said remember these are three different jobs&nbsp; and I recommend not to combine them. Don't leave&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy to the creators editors and don't for&nbsp; force your strategist to star in the ad or edit&nbsp;&nbsp; on Cap Cut. it's just going to be very time&nbsp; consuming. So, the biggest question I always&nbsp;&nbsp; get is where do I find creators? So, my main&nbsp; source is from referrals, inbound leads nowadays,&nbsp;&nbsp; just because people know my agency, so I just&nbsp; have an inbox of people applying. But really,&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of these creators I started working&nbsp; with back in 2020, 2021, and I've built these&nbsp;&nbsp; really long-term creator relationships where every&nbsp; single week they're filming for different clients,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that way I can train them as time goes on,&nbsp; give them feedback, and they know exactly what&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm looking for. So, I don't go out and find&nbsp; a different creator every week for a different&nbsp;&nbsp; client. How I've structured my team is I have 40&nbsp; creators and I try to cover all of my bases in&nbsp;&nbsp; terms of demographics, age, whatnot, male, female,&nbsp; so that when a client gives me a brief of who&nbsp;&nbsp; their target market is, I can match that to the&nbsp; best person on my team. I don't have to start the&nbsp;&nbsp; process over every week of trying to find creators&nbsp; and negotiate prices and get them onboarded. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have these creators ready to go, fully trained.&nbsp; Um, so how do you find good creators? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think you can find them on Tik Tok looking at&nbsp; hashtags. The Twitter UGC community is really big.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can look up UGC creator hashtags on there.&nbsp; Casting sites like Backstage to find actors is&nbsp;&nbsp; very popular in the US. I've actually found a lot&nbsp; of creators just from my real life like college&nbsp;&nbsp; sorority sisters, friends. Um, especially these&nbsp; UGC creators are typically very well connected&nbsp;&nbsp; to other UGC creators. So, I always say treat your&nbsp; creators better than anyone else. And that's what&nbsp;&nbsp; we do at the Social Savannah. We pay on time.&nbsp; We're extremely organized. All of our creators&nbsp;&nbsp; appreciate that our briefs are so comprehensive.&nbsp; We don't ask for a lot of revisions. We say, "Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you follow the brief, you won't have to give&nbsp; revisions." So, uh, it's very clear. Uh, clear&nbsp;&nbsp; is kind. Um, offer incentives for referrals to&nbsp; other creators. That's been a really great program&nbsp;&nbsp; that's worked well to expand our creator base.&nbsp; And then weekly bonus opportunities. Something&nbsp;&nbsp; I've started is our creator of the week program&nbsp; where every week I offer a bonus to the creator&nbsp;&nbsp; who I feel provided the best footage of the week&nbsp; and then we highlight them to the whole team. So&nbsp;&nbsp; just things that will make you better than every&nbsp; other agency and make these creators do their best&nbsp;&nbsp; work for you. So that's something that I take&nbsp; a lot of pride in. Another thing I mentioned&nbsp;&nbsp; are these long-term creator relationships. So&nbsp; you can see in here uh some of my OG creators&nbsp;&nbsp; started with me back in 2021. still going strong,&nbsp; creating for me in 2026. So, it's fun to see now&nbsp;&nbsp; some of them have babies and families and have&nbsp; really grown up, but it's all about creating&nbsp;&nbsp; these long-term relationships, not making your&nbsp; relationships with creators transactional.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can really bring them into your company and&nbsp; make them a big part of why you are successful.&nbsp;&nbsp; So finding great creators and then keeping them&nbsp; around, having them learn your brand or your&nbsp;&nbsp; portfolio of brands if you are an agency is really&nbsp; the best bet. So I want to share a bit more about&nbsp;&nbsp; what our creator briefs look like. So we start by&nbsp; sharing with the creators the product focus, some&nbsp;&nbsp; inspiration links to transitions that we like or&nbsp; add examples that we like, and then the shot list.&nbsp;&nbsp; So saying like show yourself swiping up, show over&nbsp; shoulders shots over the phone. This is like for&nbsp;&nbsp; an app one for the example I gave on the right.&nbsp; Um, show the steps for creating a recipe. You&nbsp;&nbsp; looking distressed before and then happy after.&nbsp; So we try to make it as organized as possible with&nbsp;&nbsp; bullet points to say these are the shots. Check&nbsp; them off as you do it. Provide it in a Dropbox&nbsp;&nbsp; folder and you'll be good to go. We also have them&nbsp; record a few different hook variations. So we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; put like a version one hook versus a version two&nbsp; hook and then the script body. So handing this to&nbsp;&nbsp; the creator. I also create a content guide for&nbsp; them which goes over like the main brand value&nbsp;&nbsp; props, dos and don'ts, um inspiration from brands&nbsp; that we take from. So I just try to give them&nbsp;&nbsp; as much information as possible and then linking&nbsp; out those inspirations especially for things like&nbsp;&nbsp; transitions and stuff so they can see exactly&nbsp; what what we're looking for and emulate that.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, speaking of transitions, I like to keep all&nbsp; of my transitions in a database so that when I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; creating these shot lists for creators, it's very&nbsp; easy to copy and paste. For instance, if I want&nbsp;&nbsp; them to be swiping through outfits or jumping up&nbsp; and then something appears. Sometimes if I just&nbsp;&nbsp; write jumping up and something appears, they're&nbsp; going to be like, "What do you mean by that?" So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I like to keep a database of all the different&nbsp; transitions that I like to use. Here's just a&nbsp;&nbsp; selection of them and link out an example. And&nbsp; then I can easily copy and paste this into the&nbsp;&nbsp; creator briefs. Same thing goes for editors. I&nbsp; like to have a database of the fonts that I like,&nbsp;&nbsp; the colors, the Instagram native fonts, so that&nbsp; when I'm creating editor briefs, I can copy and&nbsp;&nbsp; paste. So, when I'm receiving raw footage from a&nbsp; creator, I like to go through this checklist to&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure that we got all of the clips that were&nbsp; required. Um, are we getting all the voiceovers?&nbsp;&nbsp; Do we have enough variety in clips to put together&nbsp; a great ad? That is very important. And do the&nbsp;&nbsp; clips closely follow the inspiration link that&nbsp; we gave the creators. And then, of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; we want to make sure that the lighting is up to&nbsp; our standards. Is the product being presented&nbsp;&nbsp; in the best way possible? Is the product being&nbsp; used correctly? Is the acting believable? Do the&nbsp;&nbsp; testimonials look authentic? Um, what are they&nbsp; wearing? What are their facial expressions? What&nbsp;&nbsp; are their energy levels? Does it match what we're&nbsp; looking for? Is the setting appropriate for this&nbsp;&nbsp; concept? Sometimes creators will film in their&nbsp; messy closet for a random product. And I'm like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, don't film in your closet. You need to be out&nbsp; in some good lighting." You know, sometimes Biffs&nbsp;&nbsp; happen. So, you have to be able to go through&nbsp; all the footage, go through the checklist, and&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure all of our bases are covered. Another&nbsp; thing that we look out for is, is HDR turned off?&nbsp;&nbsp; Because then the saturation will be all messed&nbsp; up when we put it in post-prouction. Anything&nbsp;&nbsp; distracting? Is the camera shaking? Is there any&nbsp; smudges on their lens? That happens all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; and we have to send back uh footage back to the&nbsp; creators to refilm. And then the audio quality. If&nbsp;&nbsp; they have a fan going or the air conditioning or&nbsp; construction noise you can hear in the background,&nbsp;&nbsp; we need them to re-record it or we could put it&nbsp; through an AI software and see if we can minimize&nbsp;&nbsp; some of that background noise. Is the voice over&nbsp; convincing or believable? Do they seem monotone?&nbsp;&nbsp; We want to make sure that their voice over doesn't&nbsp; just look like they're reading off a script&nbsp;&nbsp; essentially. Are pronunciations correct? Are we&nbsp; saying the product name and brand correctly? So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you go through this checklist before&nbsp; sending your footage off to the editor,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to be in good shape to make sure&nbsp; that you're not making an expensive mistake,&nbsp;&nbsp; wasting time having to go back and refilm things&nbsp; once the client sees the ad. The next part of the&nbsp;&nbsp; equation is your editing team. So, admittingly,&nbsp; this is one of the hardest positions to hire for,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially for the social savannah. We really&nbsp; differentiate ourselves by providing really&nbsp;&nbsp; high quality and interesting edits which require&nbsp; a lot of transitions, overlays. Um it's not just&nbsp;&nbsp; a cap cut edit. This is all effects that are&nbsp; done in Premiere and After Effects and they&nbsp;&nbsp; take a lot of time. So we want to make sure&nbsp; that our editors are well equipped to do the&nbsp;&nbsp; transitions and effects that we require of them.&nbsp; So, um, like I said before, uh, with the creators,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can train them over time, give them lots of&nbsp; inspiration ads and feedback, treat them well,&nbsp;&nbsp; pay on time, pay well, all of those things to keep&nbsp; great editors on your team because I think without&nbsp;&nbsp; a great editor, you just have good footage. You&nbsp; really need the editor to put it all together. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't really have a secret place to find them.&nbsp; Um, job boards, I get a lot of referrals from our&nbsp;&nbsp; current editors of their other editors in their&nbsp; network that they know. I get a lot of inbound&nbsp;&nbsp; leads from people applying for editor positions,&nbsp; but you just have to treat them well and keep&nbsp;&nbsp; trying different ones until you find the ones&nbsp; that work the best for your team. I tell you,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've tested so many editors throughout the years&nbsp; and not a lot of them work out. You really have&nbsp;&nbsp; to find those special ones who just get it. So,&nbsp; really proud of the editor team that I've built&nbsp;&nbsp; over the last six years, but it did take a lot of&nbsp; time and trial and error. So, here's an example of&nbsp;&nbsp; what an editor brief looks like. So, at the top,&nbsp; I like to provide an edit inspiration. Usually,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will link out a report from motion of an&nbsp; edit that I like. And so, the motion reports&nbsp;&nbsp; makes it really easy to click on an ad, export,&nbsp; and you can even add comments in motion so that&nbsp;&nbsp; when the editor opens the link, they can see the&nbsp; comments of why you liked the ad. They can see all&nbsp;&nbsp; the metrics related to it. So, I share that motion&nbsp; report and edit inspiration. I also will link out&nbsp;&nbsp; the voiceover file. And then for the editors, I&nbsp; will uh differentiate what is the voice over lines&nbsp;&nbsp; that we want in the ad versus what the onscreen&nbsp; caption should be. And then the suggested visuals&nbsp;&nbsp; to go along with each line. And then I will do&nbsp; this for each version if we're doing multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; hook variations for a certain concept. So, keeping&nbsp; it organized again is going to make editors really&nbsp;&nbsp; happy and make them work faster. If you just hand&nbsp; them a disorganized Dropbox with no captions,&nbsp;&nbsp; no anything, it's going to take them so much&nbsp; longer just to figure out what's going on versus&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're organized on your end and you send them&nbsp; a brief that's in a repeatable format. They're&nbsp;&nbsp; used to seeing this every single time. They're&nbsp; going to work faster, they're going to be happier,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you're going to get the end result you want.&nbsp; So, I'm going to keep going back to the central&nbsp;&nbsp; theme about being organized and having a good&nbsp; process is really what enables me to create&nbsp;&nbsp; 200 plus ads a week. So, similarly to our creator&nbsp; review checklist, we also want to make sure that&nbsp;&nbsp; the edit is satisfactory before sending it off to&nbsp; the client. So, our time links correct? Is it too&nbsp;&nbsp; long? Is there too much filler? Is it too short&nbsp; where we're not conveying the main message enough?&nbsp;&nbsp; Are they sequenced together in a timeline that&nbsp; makes sense? and is easy to follow from a viewer&nbsp;&nbsp; standpoint. Do things align with the script?&nbsp; Our sizes correct? Are safe zones respected?&nbsp;&nbsp; Of course, I'm looking out for any spelling or&nbsp; grammar errors. Absolutely do not want to have a&nbsp;&nbsp; client catching a spelling or grammar error. That&nbsp; is incredibly embarrassing and unprofessional. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; that is something I'm really looking carefully&nbsp; at and which is why I provide line by line&nbsp;&nbsp; for the editors to essentially copy and paste&nbsp; from my Google doc the written transcript. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; are fonts easy to read and watch? If you have&nbsp; a white background, white text, that's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be hard to read. Um, is there effects that are&nbsp; too distracting or does it match with the brand&nbsp;&nbsp; vibe? Are the viewers able to follow the text&nbsp; easily, both with and without sound? As we know,&nbsp;&nbsp; many people watch ads without sound on. So, making&nbsp; sure that you're being cognizant of both. Also,&nbsp;&nbsp; when me as a strategist is looking at an ad on my&nbsp; computer that's a lot bigger than what someone is&nbsp;&nbsp; typically looking at ad on, which is their phone.&nbsp; So, making sure that it's going to be legible and&nbsp;&nbsp; understandable from a small screen. Um, are the&nbsp; closed captions correct? Is there CTA? And then&nbsp;&nbsp; from a audio standpoint, we want to make sure,&nbsp; does the music choice match with the vibe that&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going for? Are there any intense drop&nbsp; offs or level changes in the music or voice&nbsp;&nbsp; over? eliminating any background sounds using an&nbsp; AI tool. Um I believe Premiere Pro has an inbuilt&nbsp;&nbsp; AI tool that helps eliminate background sounds&nbsp; which we've been using which has been really&nbsp;&nbsp; helpful. Um do the lips match up when speaking?&nbsp; Sometimes in editing you can get the lips slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; off from the voice over file. So making sure that&nbsp; everything is aligned. Um listening to asset with&nbsp;&nbsp; headphones. Is the sound quality good? Is the&nbsp; voice over volume too loud or too soft? Same&nbsp;&nbsp; goes with the music. And then a little tip is&nbsp; I like to always watch the ad with sound off,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially if you are prone to overlooking&nbsp; spelling errors. If a letter is missing,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's helpful to turn off the sound so you're not&nbsp; just relying off hearing it and actually just&nbsp;&nbsp; watch the ad to see if you can spot any spelling&nbsp; errors. And I like to do this at least one or two&nbsp;&nbsp; times before sending to the client. And then&nbsp; of course going back to your brand guidelines,&nbsp;&nbsp; was there any dos and don'ts from the client that&nbsp; we may have overlooked? Again, it's horrifying&nbsp;&nbsp; if a client gives a dos and don'ts and then I&nbsp; send an ad and they're like, "Hey, this is on&nbsp;&nbsp; our don'ts." So, I'm meticulously looking at their&nbsp; dos and don'ts list. I'm looking at the final ad,&nbsp;&nbsp; double-checking everything so that when the client&nbsp; gets it, hopefully it's just approved the first&nbsp;&nbsp; time. Um, we don't want to have many edits at all.&nbsp; So, doing these little checks beforehand will save&nbsp;&nbsp; you so much time in the revision process. And then&nbsp; lastly, the performance boosters. Is your hook&nbsp;&nbsp; engaging? So, are you doing something interesting&nbsp; in both the imagery and the messaging? Um, I think&nbsp;&nbsp; the hook of course is the most important part&nbsp; of the ads in that first 3 seconds, whether it's&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting transition, something thumb, something&nbsp; that's going to get people to stop scrolling. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; just checking in with yourself. Is this ad boring&nbsp; or is this engaging? Is your pacing quick enough?&nbsp;&nbsp; As we know, Tik Tok generation, they can't watch&nbsp; something for more than 15 or 30 seconds. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if there's any pauses that we can cut out,&nbsp; any scenes that are just going too long. Can&nbsp;&nbsp; we jump cut more often? We aim for a minimum of 3&nbsp; seconds between each frame just so it's legible,&nbsp;&nbsp; but again, we're trying to keep it snappy. Um,&nbsp; can we zoom in and out on the person giving the&nbsp;&nbsp; testimonial to emphasize certain words or just&nbsp; to create more interest? Does the story line&nbsp;&nbsp; make sense? So, we want to make sure that every&nbsp; ad follows the format of a clear hook. Then,&nbsp;&nbsp; we go into our story and then our call to action.&nbsp; And if we didn't follow this format, why not?&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe we're following a Tik Tok trend or doing&nbsp; something a little different, but in general,&nbsp;&nbsp; we want to stick with that sequence. Um, are&nbsp; there any opportunities to highlight one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the human desires? Um, and then also looking at&nbsp; images in the ad. Where do your eyes go first?&nbsp;&nbsp; Is that the intended effects? Can you use things&nbsp; like spritz screens, before and afters, us versus&nbsp;&nbsp; them to just make it more visually interesting?&nbsp; And then last but not least, most importantly,&nbsp;&nbsp; take pride. I like to look at the inspiration ad&nbsp; and think, is my ad better than the inspiration?&nbsp;&nbsp; Is it worse? How can I make it better? And&nbsp; then, does it look good to you? Really,&nbsp;&nbsp; like, would you be proud of this? Uh, would the&nbsp; client be happy with this? Seriously. So when&nbsp;&nbsp; you're working fast, you're doing hundreds of ads,&nbsp; sometimes you do have to slow down just be like,&nbsp;&nbsp; can I actually take pride and I do every ad that&nbsp; comes out, I'm extremely happy and um would would&nbsp;&nbsp; be happy to put on my website or on my Twitter&nbsp; or whatever. So um just doing that quick gut&nbsp;&nbsp; check before sending it to the client can save&nbsp; you from a flop. So in order to execute this,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need a process. I personally like using Trello&nbsp; to organize all of the creator footage, the edit&nbsp;&nbsp; process. I send all of my client ads to them in&nbsp; Trello to manage revisions and such. It's nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; super complicated. It's really just a timeline&nbsp; of um to-do and then ready for review, revisions,&nbsp;&nbsp; needs editing. So, it's like a conveyor belt in a&nbsp; factory. They're they're going along the process&nbsp;&nbsp; until the ad is approved and it's done. So, it&nbsp; doesn't matter what tool you use. Of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's hundreds of different project manager&nbsp; tools out there, but pick one and stay organized&nbsp;&nbsp; and have a good process. Little PSA, Slack and&nbsp; email are not project management tools. You'll&nbsp;&nbsp; say that again louder for the people in the back.&nbsp; Do not use Slack and email to manage your editing&nbsp;&nbsp; process. Getting footage from creators via&nbsp; email or Slack, slacking clients, that is one&nbsp;&nbsp; way to burn yourself out. uh miss things and slow&nbsp; things down. So, just wanted a little reminder for&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone of don't use Slack and email for project&nbsp; management. Okay, off my my high horse there. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; how our weeks work, every week we're filming&nbsp; on Mondays and Tuesdays. We edit on Wednesdays&nbsp;&nbsp; and Thursdays. And then every Friday the client&nbsp; receives anywhere from 4 to 12 ads just depending&nbsp;&nbsp; on their package size. So you have to have a good&nbsp; process and stay organized in order to adhere to&nbsp;&nbsp; such tight timelines. I wanted to share more about&nbsp; my tech stack. So some of the tools I like to use&nbsp;&nbsp; are Dropbox for video storage. I like to use&nbsp; Dropbox replay for editing revision. So that's&nbsp;&nbsp; what I have as the screenshot on the right side.&nbsp; What's cool about that is that it's sim similar&nbsp;&nbsp; to some other um popular tools out there, but&nbsp; Dropbox now has it built in where you can add&nbsp;&nbsp; in time stamp revisions. You can even draw on&nbsp; the ad arrows and whatnot. So, I like to do this&nbsp;&nbsp; to give revisions to the editors and it keeps it&nbsp; very organized on timestamps and they can import&nbsp;&nbsp; these revisions straight into Premiere, which is&nbsp; really helpful because Dropbox replay and Premiere&nbsp;&nbsp; have an integration. So, I like to use this for ad&nbsp; reviews, of course, motion for reporting. I also&nbsp;&nbsp; use it for ad inspiration, but um it's really the&nbsp; number one tool that I use on a weekly basis so&nbsp;&nbsp; that I can go in and see how are my clients ads&nbsp; doing on motion, look through all the metrics,&nbsp;&nbsp; um make sure that we're our ads are hitting&nbsp; our goals. I mean, this is a performance-based&nbsp;&nbsp; business. Clients are working with me on a&nbsp; month-to-month basis, and if my ads aren't&nbsp;&nbsp; performing, then I'm getting the boot. So, I need&nbsp; to go in every single week and see how are my ads&nbsp;&nbsp; doing in motion. Can we make any iterations? Where&nbsp; are people dropping off? Do we need to revisit&nbsp;&nbsp; certain creators? So, it's really important when&nbsp; you're in such a performance-based business that&nbsp;&nbsp; you are staying on top of performance. And logging&nbsp; into Ads Manager and looking at every client's ad&nbsp;&nbsp; account is not the way that would take me 10 times&nbsp; as long as it would then just to go into motion&nbsp;&nbsp; and look at these beautiful reports. Plus, the&nbsp; clients love the reports. They can just easily see&nbsp;&nbsp; how my ads are doing. Things are tagged. Things&nbsp; are organized. They're always really impressed&nbsp;&nbsp; with Motion. I also like to use foreplay for ad&nbsp; inspiration. Feel like they have some really good&nbsp;&nbsp; search features on there for finding good ads.&nbsp; U I use art list for copyright free music. I&nbsp;&nbsp; do use Slack, but for internal communication&nbsp; only, no project management. Um if you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to do any AI voiceovers, I really don't like AI&nbsp; voiceovers. I feel like they sound fake, but if&nbsp;&nbsp; you do need to use one, 11 Labs is the leader in&nbsp; that. I use Notion to store all my briefs, store&nbsp;&nbsp; all my client information. Google Docs is also&nbsp; good for for writing scripts and briefs. Trello&nbsp;&nbsp; for project management. And these are some extras.&nbsp; Superhum for email. If you haven't used Superhum,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're missing out. QuickBooks for accounting.&nbsp; Canva to create this beautiful deck that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; watching right now. And then Sama I use for daily&nbsp; checklist tasks. All righty, let's dive into my&nbsp;&nbsp; creative testing framework. So, the first thing&nbsp; you need to create an ad is you need a hook. You&nbsp;&nbsp; need an ad inspiration. So, when I'm trying to&nbsp; decide what hooks am I going to do this week for&nbsp;&nbsp; any particular client, I like to look at what&nbsp; hooks are looking for, what hooks are working&nbsp;&nbsp; for other clients in my motion reports. I also&nbsp; get new hooks from just ad inspiration research,&nbsp;&nbsp; whether it be looking through other ad libraries&nbsp; or coming across an organic Tik Tok that has a&nbsp;&nbsp; cool trend or a transition or an interesting way&nbsp; of delivering something. I also like to keep a&nbsp;&nbsp; look keep I also like to keep a list of my past&nbsp; top performing hooks that I've tested for other&nbsp;&nbsp; clients. So, I've been making ads since 2020. I've&nbsp; tested a lot of hooks. I've made a lot of ads. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; as you can see on that right, that's just a quick&nbsp; peak of my master list of hooks I've tested. I&nbsp;&nbsp; even link out the ad so that I can watch the ad.&nbsp; So, I try to keep things organized. So, if I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; ever stumped for a client, I do like to go to this&nbsp; master list and just scroll through and then I can&nbsp;&nbsp; usually find something that will inspire me and&nbsp; that I can recreate. I also like to keep track of&nbsp;&nbsp; what hooks I've tested for each client. So, here's&nbsp; my client supply. You can see week by week what&nbsp;&nbsp; hooks we're testing and I'll also link out the ad&nbsp; there so that if I need to go back and see what&nbsp;&nbsp; we've done before, it's right there. So, I'm I'm&nbsp; a little bit type A keeping things organized if&nbsp;&nbsp; you couldn't tell. So, once you pick your hook or&nbsp; you have your inspiration, now it's time to create&nbsp;&nbsp; your ad versions. So, for example, on my smallest&nbsp; monthly package, usually brands spending anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; from 30K to 100K a month in ad spend will pick&nbsp; this package where they're getting two overarching&nbsp;&nbsp; ad inspirations a week with two written hook&nbsp; variations and two opening visual variations. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I just wanted to go through what this would look&nbsp; like if I was to find a cool inspiration. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; on the left, that's the inspiration ad. I found&nbsp; that on Tik Tok. Some organic creator did it where&nbsp;&nbsp; the products are flying into the cart. I thought&nbsp; that was the coolest thing ever. So I'm like,&nbsp;&nbsp; this would be perfect test for loop. So version&nbsp; one, we wanted to make it a little bit different&nbsp;&nbsp; than version two and also test something that was&nbsp; also different than the inspiration. So version&nbsp;&nbsp; one follows inspiration really closely where the&nbsp; cart is in the middle, but instead of showing&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple products and different brands, we're&nbsp; showing the different loop ear styles. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; for version two, we wanted to see if we were just&nbsp; to focus on one ear style and have it fly into one&nbsp;&nbsp; cart instead of a split screen, would that perform&nbsp; better? So, Facebook Meta likes to prioritize&nbsp;&nbsp; different creative variations where the visual is&nbsp; different in the first 3 to 5 seconds. If you're&nbsp;&nbsp; just changing the text on top, Facebook doesn't&nbsp; really see it as a different variation. You really&nbsp;&nbsp; want the visual aspect to be different. That's&nbsp; why version one we had the split screen effect.&nbsp;&nbsp; Version two we don't. So it still is a very&nbsp; similar concept but just different enough to where&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta is going to treat it as if it's a different&nbsp; creative variation. Um as I'm working with a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of clients every month. Uh something that I&nbsp; do is I like to test hooks across clients. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if I find a really cool ad inspiration or hook, I&nbsp; like to see, can this apply to multiple clients at&nbsp;&nbsp; the same time? I don't need to pick a unique hook&nbsp; for every single client every single week. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; for example, I found this inspiration, I believe,&nbsp; from like a a medicine or pharmaceutical ad where&nbsp;&nbsp; it had this fake poll on it like, "Do you like um&nbsp; going to Pilates?" "Yes." "Do you like spending&nbsp;&nbsp; $40 a class?" "No." And then showing the results&nbsp; of the fake poll. I thought that was really&nbsp;&nbsp; creative. So last week we did three different&nbsp; variations for this for for different clients&nbsp;&nbsp; testing this poll uh concept. And so then what&nbsp; I do is after these are launched by clients then&nbsp;&nbsp; I can go to motion and see did this perform well&nbsp; across the board. If it does then I have a slam on&nbsp;&nbsp; hook. Then I'm going to go and test this poll fake&nbsp; poll concept across even more clients. So I like&nbsp;&nbsp; to get data from like a wide set of clients if&nbsp; possible. So if I could test this across different&nbsp;&nbsp; brands, different industries and see that it&nbsp; works, then that's really great proof for me to&nbsp;&nbsp; know, okay, this is a winning concept and I should&nbsp; add this to my winning concept library to test&nbsp;&nbsp; for other clients. So that's how I like to get&nbsp; significant data around is this actually a good&nbsp;&nbsp; concept to keep around. So wanted to test wanted&nbsp; to touch a little bit on Andromeda. Uh very scary,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? You know, I think it's not as scary as it&nbsp; seems. A lot of clients came up to me like what&nbsp;&nbsp; are we going to do differently? How do we adjust&nbsp; to these updates? I would say the biggest thing&nbsp;&nbsp; that we're doing to adjust to these updates is&nbsp; more persona and avatar testing. Um which I will&nbsp;&nbsp; go through a bit more in the next few slides. More&nbsp; distinct visual hook variations like I mentioned&nbsp;&nbsp; a few slides ago. uh meta just not wanting to&nbsp; see little changes but bigger changes bigger&nbsp;&nbsp; swings in your iterations focus on more diverse&nbsp; value drivers and scripts tapping into different&nbsp;&nbsp; motiv motivations to purchase uh and then this&nbsp; is unrelated to Andromeda but I've noticed in the&nbsp;&nbsp; last 6 months versus when I've been creating ads&nbsp; since 2020 is I am drawing more inspiration from&nbsp;&nbsp; organic Tik Tok trends for cool edits and things&nbsp; to do versus looking at other ad libraries. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I wanted to throw that in there cuz I've seen some&nbsp; other people on LinkedIn also mention the same&nbsp;&nbsp; thing that they're finding better inspiration from&nbsp; Tik Tok trends versus just repeating what they're&nbsp;&nbsp; seeing other companies do. So, to dive into a bit&nbsp; more about changes we've made since the Androme&nbsp;&nbsp; Andromeda, we're doing more buyer persona&nbsp; testing. So, an example, my client Wandering&nbsp;&nbsp; Bear Coffee. Our high level goal is to test less&nbsp; specific versus more specific openers. This can&nbsp;&nbsp; be as simple as an AB test per hook. The first&nbsp; test could be a more broader universal opener,&nbsp;&nbsp; while the second variation is a more specific&nbsp; opener that calls out a clear functional benefit&nbsp;&nbsp; and or buyer persona. So, in the example I have on&nbsp; the right, we have her talking about saving money&nbsp;&nbsp; as the main driver and she's talking to someone&nbsp; behind the camera about uh the money-saving&nbsp;&nbsp; aspect where on the right we're talking more&nbsp; about the flavor and the convenience. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; just trying to tap into different reasons why&nbsp; someone would buy. Um and then also leaning&nbsp;&nbsp; into different more um more variety of angles.&nbsp; So, for example, for wandering bear, instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; just focusing on the coffee taste, we also want&nbsp; to go into different personas like coffee snobs,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh people who are looking for coffee shop&nbsp; replacement, a treat without the regret,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh novelty seekers since it comes in this fun&nbsp; box that goes in the fridge, deal seekers. So&nbsp;&nbsp; just mapping out what are the different avatars&nbsp; and personas of someone who would buy this and&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to cover all of our bases instead of&nbsp; just repeating the same one week after week. Another thing that we really prioritize is&nbsp; diverse value driver testing. So in this example,&nbsp;&nbsp; my client Tobios kit, their main value proposition&nbsp; is an all-in-one kit to start painting in&nbsp;&nbsp; seconds. But we do want to test different value&nbsp; drivers such as pain, feel of fear of failure,&nbsp;&nbsp; blank page anxiety. It's a kit where you can&nbsp; practice your painting. So, uh, struggle of&nbsp;&nbsp; starting painting as a hobby. You don't need to&nbsp; be good. Um, leaning into identity, reconnecting&nbsp;&nbsp; with your creative side, becoming a painter,&nbsp; artist, become a painter on the go, and then and&nbsp;&nbsp; then focusing on the outcome. Getting lost in the&nbsp; painting. I made this. It's so convenient. Never&nbsp;&nbsp; miss an opportunity to paint. An accomplishment in&nbsp; 10 minutes. focusing on uh different angles like&nbsp;&nbsp; gift giving, portability, connection with loved&nbsp; ones. So really the overarching theme here is just&nbsp;&nbsp; that we're trying to test different angles and&nbsp; different reasons why someone would buy. As you&nbsp;&nbsp; can see in my example ads on the right, we also&nbsp; do a lot of demographic testing. So the first ad,&nbsp;&nbsp; we have an older lady who's talking about more&nbsp; about how she wants to get back into painting,&nbsp;&nbsp; but she was afraid. She didn't know where&nbsp; to start. Talking about the ease of it. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's one very distinct buyer persona. And then&nbsp; on the right, we're talking about a couple who's&nbsp;&nbsp; using this as an opportunity to connect. Uh, we're&nbsp; leaning into Valentine's Day as that's coming up&nbsp;&nbsp; soon and talking about how you can connect with&nbsp; your partner in a meaningful way. So, completely&nbsp;&nbsp; different personas, different motivators to&nbsp; purchase. And that's what your ad account&nbsp;&nbsp; needs with all of these Andromeda updates. It's&nbsp; just about how can we test different personas,&nbsp;&nbsp; different angles, so that when meta serves an&nbsp; ad to an individual person, it's more likely to&nbsp;&nbsp; be relevant. Meta is just measuring relevance&nbsp; of an ad to each individual in a more granular&nbsp;&nbsp; way. So that just means you need to cover all&nbsp; of your bases in terms of different personas&nbsp;&nbsp; and different motivations to purchase. All right.&nbsp; Well, I really hope you enjoy this presentation.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was really unlike anything I've done before.&nbsp; Uh, I was thinking as I was doing this, I'm like,&nbsp;&nbsp; would you guys want a course from me on creative&nbsp; strategy? Was it interesting? Are there things&nbsp;&nbsp; I could dive into more on any of these topics?&nbsp; Uh, definitely let me know if yes. Would love&nbsp;&nbsp; to hear some of your feedback in the poll&nbsp; and the chat or the Q&A, I should say, uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the Q&A section. Uh, as you know, I am working&nbsp; with so many clients and doing this process. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is hard for me to find time to work on&nbsp; a course. But I really think this is such&nbsp;&nbsp; an interesting topic and if there is enough&nbsp; interest in me diving into specifics of these&nbsp;&nbsp; topics and maybe I'll I'll carve out some time in&nbsp; the next few months and and try to get this done.&nbsp;&nbsp; So please sign up for my newsletter on my website&nbsp; not only to get the deck from today but also if I&nbsp;&nbsp; do release a course and that's where you'll hear&nbsp; about it first. All right, let's go to the Q&A. Thank you Savannah. Awesome. I was gonna try adding a poll quickly of do you&nbsp; want a course, but I feel like the overwhelming&nbsp;&nbsp; chat is awesome. Oh, all you guys in the chat,&nbsp; thank you so much. Yeah, I feel like we've already&nbsp;&nbsp; got the answer. Yes, yes, yes. Um, can we get my&nbsp; website pinned? Um, it's the socialsavannah.com.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's in actually if you click on docs like&nbsp; next to the chat. I also put it there. The&nbsp;&nbsp; social Savannah. If you click on it, it'll bring&nbsp; you right to her website. Um, okay. I love this&nbsp;&nbsp; one. Like if you've been coming to our events in&nbsp; the past, Savannah has done a lot of events on&nbsp;&nbsp; hook ideas and like what's been working for her.&nbsp; And every time the audience is like, "This is so&nbsp;&nbsp; great for inspiration." I'm also curious, how do&nbsp; you actually produce this? like what does your&nbsp;&nbsp; production look like? So, this event came from&nbsp; very much like Savannah seeing those questions&nbsp;&nbsp; in the chat, hearing your feedback and then&nbsp; creating this. So, I'm really happy to see this&nbsp;&nbsp; resonated with everyone. I love a lot of our Q&A.&nbsp; It's like everybody understood the assignment.&nbsp;&nbsp; Like it's very specific to creative production,&nbsp; how you're how you're organizing these things.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are definitely probably the most organized&nbsp; creative strategist I've worked with. So, I think&nbsp;&nbsp; you are definitely like the ideal person to ask.&nbsp; Um, I want to start I saw a bunch of questions on&nbsp;&nbsp; like briefing and creators and I feel like that&nbsp; is definitely like you are probably the best&nbsp;&nbsp; person in this industry to ask. So, let's start&nbsp; with this one from Monica. When briefing, do you&nbsp;&nbsp; leave room for their own creativity or provide&nbsp; strict scripts? Answer is it depends. When I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; working with a new creator, it for sure is uh I'm&nbsp; providing them with exact scripts. I want exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; what I want. And most of the time, I am providing&nbsp; exact scripts for clients. But like I mentioned,&nbsp;&nbsp; some of my creator team I've been with for years.&nbsp; And I find that when I let them run with it,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's way better than anything that I could have&nbsp; ever come up with. So, it comes down to knowing&nbsp;&nbsp; the creator and trust. And there's certain&nbsp; creators on my team where I'm like, "No,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is like the main message, but you say it, you&nbsp; do it in your own words." It's also, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; when it's a product that they personally love or&nbsp; they have an emotional connection with. Let's just&nbsp;&nbsp; say it's something to do with their kids. Them&nbsp; speaking about it from the heart is going to&nbsp;&nbsp; come off so much more authentic and better than&nbsp; them reading script lines. So, it is a case by&nbsp;&nbsp; case basis. Okay. I love that. It goes back to&nbsp; just like yeah working with creators that you&nbsp;&nbsp; know that you trust that you like understand which&nbsp; goes into actually I'm curious this question from&nbsp;&nbsp; um Savannah. How do you pay your creators? Is it&nbsp; per video or are they full-time employees? You&nbsp;&nbsp; know I've tested a lot of different structures&nbsp; with this and currently I have a few different&nbsp;&nbsp; structures going on at the same time. I won't&nbsp; delve into the details as you know I have probably&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of creators tuning into these sessions but&nbsp; um I would say the most common way is paying per&nbsp;&nbsp; video as a a contractor basis and so but a big&nbsp; part of that too is you want to make sure that&nbsp;&nbsp; you're giving them consistent work so that they're&nbsp; coming every week and bringing their aame. A lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of these creators are full-time creators doing&nbsp; this for a lot of different agencies on their own&nbsp;&nbsp; and so they want more work. So, if you're able to&nbsp; say, "Hey, if if you do good work and you follow&nbsp;&nbsp; this brief, we're going to come back to you week&nbsp; after week and give you more and more ads to do a&nbsp;&nbsp; week," that's good motivation. That is much more&nbsp; motivating than trying to find a creator for a&nbsp;&nbsp; oneanddone concept, paying them a couple hundred&nbsp; bucks, and then they're on their way. Like,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to pitch this as this could be like a&nbsp; many year thing for you. If you're good at this&nbsp;&nbsp; and we're vibing, like, let let's keep doing&nbsp; it. So, I would say try to figure out how you&nbsp;&nbsp; can make this a long-term relationship versus a&nbsp; transa transactional pay, one and done. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; I message things like bonus opportunities,&nbsp; uh, opportunities to grow in compensation,&nbsp;&nbsp; just like anyone would at a full-time job. You&nbsp; want to see that your work is being recognized and&nbsp;&nbsp; if they are getting good performance, that that's&nbsp; being valued and recognized. I love that. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm seeing some people in the chat saying they've&nbsp; also tested a few and and this has been their most&nbsp;&nbsp; successful as well. I wanted to see this one. I'm&nbsp; getting into all these like very nitty questions,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I love Yeah, this feels like so like I love&nbsp; that we're just getting into these very specific&nbsp;&nbsp; use cases with you. So yeah, if I do a course,&nbsp; I will definitely take all these questions and&nbsp;&nbsp; use this as my basis to like go into a lot more&nbsp; detail, right? Yeah. Okay. So, how do I handle&nbsp;&nbsp; uh creator usage rights? I need full rights. That&nbsp; that's hand that's in the contract from day one.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I'm like, I own this content because if&nbsp; you're managing a group of 40 creators and&nbsp;&nbsp; one person's on three months usage rights, one&nbsp; person's on six month, one person's on one month,&nbsp;&nbsp; you you got a headache on your hands. And we&nbsp; don't got time for that. We got 200 ads to make&nbsp;&nbsp; a week. I'm not keeping track of, oh, Sally's&nbsp; video has been running for loop for a day too&nbsp;&nbsp; long. Nope. We're we're negotiating it so that we&nbsp; 100% have full usage rights for as long as we want&nbsp;&nbsp; to run the ads. the client. We have clients&nbsp; that are running the same ad for years. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's there's no room for going back and saying,&nbsp; "Hey, you got to pull this ad." So, I will not&nbsp;&nbsp; work with the creator unless we're willing to&nbsp; they're willing to give us the full rights to&nbsp;&nbsp; the raw content. Love it. I feel like you're it's&nbsp; very clear like what type A of person I am too in&nbsp;&nbsp; the questions I'm picking, but like all of these&nbsp; are just very specific and I feel like I always&nbsp;&nbsp; get stuck on the technicalities of things. So,&nbsp; being able to hear your answers is so helpful.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ian just asked like any tips on organizing&nbsp; Dropbox files, folders for video editors. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think you can definitely segment out your&nbsp; voice over clips, testimonials, B-roll. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's that's usually the main three categories&nbsp; I like to to have in my Dropbox folders already.&nbsp;&nbsp; Like, so helpful. So, so helpful to hear how you&nbsp; organize it. Um, okay. I liked this one I saw in&nbsp;&nbsp; the chat from Javier. How do you think about&nbsp; expanding on winners? What do you prioritize&nbsp;&nbsp; to change and test on a winner? It's such a good&nbsp; question. I was thinking about adding this into&nbsp;&nbsp; my slides, but then it was getting so long. I'm&nbsp; like, this is going to be like a twohour session.&nbsp;&nbsp; Uh, I would say the number one thing I think about&nbsp; is if if we do have a winner, can we revisit the&nbsp;&nbsp; same creator and use the same different same value&nbsp; drivers, same main messaging, but change the hook,&nbsp;&nbsp; whether it's the visual or um what's being said&nbsp; in the hook. So, it is a minor change, but keeping&nbsp;&nbsp; the the value drivers and the main messaging&nbsp; the same. Another way I like to reiterate off&nbsp;&nbsp; of best performers is have a different creator&nbsp; do the exact same script, same shot list,&nbsp;&nbsp; same everything. So, it's really just the same ad,&nbsp; but with different footage and from a different&nbsp;&nbsp; creator. So, that's more trying to narrow in&nbsp; on the variable. Is this because the creator&nbsp;&nbsp; in the winning ad was really good, or is this&nbsp; because the messaging or the hook or the editing&nbsp;&nbsp; sequence was really good? So, you have to kind of&nbsp; pick a variable and then and then do like an AB&nbsp;&nbsp; test to see um what was the actual change. Another&nbsp; thing I like to do is just taking the exact same&nbsp;&nbsp; ad that we've made and just mixing up some of the&nbsp; clip sequence or if it was a 30 second ad, can we&nbsp;&nbsp; shrink it down to a 20- second ad, a 15-second&nbsp; ad? So, when you do find a winner, you kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; have to go in a lot of different directions. It's&nbsp; not just like one way to iterate off of it. You&nbsp;&nbsp; have to figure out what variable can I isolate&nbsp; and what could I test. And sometimes it really&nbsp;&nbsp; is just that one ad is that is the magic recipe.&nbsp; And you can iterate off of the same ad 100,000&nbsp;&nbsp; times. I'm thinking of a specific ad that we made&nbsp; for BlendJet in 2020 that was the best performer&nbsp;&nbsp; for years. And we've made so many iterations of&nbsp; that same ad in every way you can imagine and&nbsp;&nbsp; nothing performed nearly as well as the original.&nbsp; So sometimes it just has that magic sauce. I feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like sometimes the algorithm just picks something&nbsp; and likes it and there's really no rhyme or reason&nbsp;&nbsp; behind it and you can't recreate it. So sometimes&nbsp; it's just a little bit of algorithm magic. Yes, algorithm magic. Patent that. Um okay. I love&nbsp; this one because I think this is so relevant to&nbsp;&nbsp; people working in paid ads and social ads cuz like&nbsp; you're dealing with you know the social feed which&nbsp;&nbsp; is changing constantly and so like how do you&nbsp; sort of balance like so Erin's question is how&nbsp;&nbsp; do you make a road map in such a reactive state?&nbsp; I want to have a north star for my strategists,&nbsp;&nbsp; but and I'll, you know, fill in the blank&nbsp; there, but like it's hard to when, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; the feed is changing so drastically. Um, how do&nbsp; you balance that? For sure. I would say one one&nbsp;&nbsp; thing is that we don't try to copy trends like&nbsp; ones that seem like they're coming in and out&nbsp;&nbsp; because as you said, when the feed's changing&nbsp; so quickly, if it's something really specific&nbsp;&nbsp; and not evergreen, it's going to be in and out&nbsp; before you could even make it. So, I try to just&nbsp;&nbsp; take more general trends like whether it's&nbsp; like a cool editing effect or a transition,&nbsp;&nbsp; things that first of all would make sense for&nbsp; someone who's not on TikTok um because you&nbsp;&nbsp; know a lot of people aren't on Tik Tok even&nbsp; though we are um so that you can understand&nbsp;&nbsp; what they're talking about and then secondly&nbsp; that it could have a long shelf life. I also&nbsp;&nbsp; like to organize my notion database where I have&nbsp; essentially like an ideas column and I'll have a&nbsp;&nbsp; different card for different ideas or whether&nbsp; it's things that the clients are sending me,&nbsp;&nbsp; cool things I'm finding and then I just and&nbsp; sometimes these idea columns have like 20 or&nbsp;&nbsp; 30 things in them because you just find so much&nbsp; cool inspiration for ads uh for a certain brand&nbsp;&nbsp; but I just like to tackle one a week and so just&nbsp; figuring out which ones should we prioritize and&nbsp;&nbsp; just leave the on the list. I think that's&nbsp; sometimes part of the hard part of being a&nbsp;&nbsp; strategist. You have to show restraint. Like you&nbsp; don't have to do it all. You don't have to do it&nbsp;&nbsp; all today. Just put it on the list. Start working&nbsp; through one a week. You'll eventually get through&nbsp;&nbsp; them. And then as the weeks go on, maybe you'll&nbsp; be able to consolidate that list and be like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Actually, I don't like that one anymore." And&nbsp; you can start deleting stuff. But just think about&nbsp;&nbsp; tackling one idea a week instead of having this&nbsp; like bombardment of ideas that you need to do now.&nbsp;&nbsp; I like that. I like that answer. I It It goes&nbsp; into this next question from Grace about like&nbsp;&nbsp; saving time. Like I feel like because you have&nbsp; so many clients at your agency, like you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; be a master of really like being intentional with&nbsp; your time and what's worth it and how to do things&nbsp;&nbsp; most efficiently. So she was like, "Is there a&nbsp; way to save time when doing data collection as a&nbsp;&nbsp; strategist? I have to create reports for every ad&nbsp; and it's very time consuming. How have you figured&nbsp;&nbsp; this out? Well, this seems like a swing towards&nbsp; motion, you know, home run promo uh opportunity.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um motion is how you get all of your ads into&nbsp; one easy to create report. You can share it with&nbsp;&nbsp; anyone on your team who doesn't even understand&nbsp; data or is a media buyer and see really actionable&nbsp;&nbsp; insights of why ads are working or not. Uh so&nbsp; don't waste your time creating reports for every&nbsp;&nbsp; ad. If I had to do that, I would drive myself&nbsp; crazy. It's why I'm such a huge fan of motion.&nbsp;&nbsp; Truly and honestly, before I've even done any of&nbsp; these webinars for motion, I was a power user and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's why I love coming on here and doing these&nbsp; because I'm I'm such a believer in the product.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks, Savannah. I promise. Yeah, this&nbsp; is I didn't tell her to say that. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; okay. This one again, very tactical, but I&nbsp; feel like people ask you this every time. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's let's check back in again with you. Are&nbsp; there any new or different AI tools you're using&nbsp;&nbsp; for creation or editing? Anything you like, don't&nbsp; like? What have you been experiencing lately?&nbsp;&nbsp; So I I will have to also redirect people to our&nbsp; last motion webinar which was about AI versus&nbsp;&nbsp; not AI and ads. Yeah, me and Jacob Russo did a&nbsp; really in-depth session where I talked about why&nbsp;&nbsp; you shouldn't use AI and why I don't use AI in the&nbsp; process. I don't use it to write scripts. Um I I&nbsp;&nbsp; really don't use it for anything. I'm pretty old&nbsp; school in that way. I don't even use chat GPT for&nbsp;&nbsp; myself. Like I I feel like I'm a dinosaur over&nbsp; here googling stuff like the good old days. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think part of it has to do too with focus,&nbsp; you know, like I have this insane process,&nbsp;&nbsp; all these creators, all these clients, and I'm&nbsp; only one person. If I get distracted by all these&nbsp;&nbsp; AI tools and shiny objects, I'm never going to&nbsp; get any of these ads done, and I have hundreds&nbsp;&nbsp; of ads to do a week. So, I'm just staying laser&nbsp; focused at what I do. Clients still love our ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; We make everything with real humans. We have real&nbsp; editors who are putting it all together. We're&nbsp;&nbsp; just trying to be creative and do cool stuff.&nbsp; And so, that's what I'm doing. and it seems to&nbsp;&nbsp; be working. People aren't using AI to replace me&nbsp; yet. So, that's pretty cool. Maybe in few years,&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone will be creating ads with AI. And&nbsp; then at that point, I'll just retire or get&nbsp;&nbsp; into a different career like horses or farming or&nbsp; something. I'll I'll figure something else out.&nbsp;&nbsp; But for now, I've been doing the same thing&nbsp; since 2020 doing these UGC ads and it's been&nbsp;&nbsp; working out pretty well and the robots haven't&nbsp; taken over. But would highly highly recommend&nbsp;&nbsp; checking out that webinar because Jake Russo has&nbsp; a completely different perspective on this. He's&nbsp;&nbsp; like an AI master and uses so many cool AI tools&nbsp; for ad creation and he shared a lot of them. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I think it's worth a watch. So definitely go&nbsp; to the motion YouTube channel and check out the AI&nbsp;&nbsp; replay. Thanks. Yeah, I just uh just told Ed and&nbsp; our team to find that YouTube, so we'll post it in&nbsp;&nbsp; the chat too in a sec. Um, but yeah, eventually&nbsp; we'll all end up back on the farm, but for now,&nbsp;&nbsp; yes, for now we'll keep scrolling. Well, you&nbsp; know, I don't even know if I'll have a farm job&nbsp;&nbsp; because all of like the the agriculture stuff&nbsp; probably be like robot automation things. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll see. Get some suggestions in the&nbsp; chat for jobs that AI can't replace. Oh gosh. Um, okay. Let's do this one from deep.&nbsp; How do you do rabbit hole research into the brand&nbsp;&nbsp; using different tools so there can be a clear&nbsp; unified understanding of what to focus on in&nbsp;&nbsp; briefs? So, I think like your briefs are so good&nbsp; and I'm I'm definitely curious to hear too how you&nbsp;&nbsp; especially balancing a bunch of clients, right?&nbsp; So, how do you specifically say like this is what&nbsp;&nbsp; this client wants, this is what their customers&nbsp; want? Like how do you do that at scale? I do it&nbsp;&nbsp; all in the onboarding process. So, I have clients&nbsp; fill out a very in-depth brief about what they're&nbsp;&nbsp; looking for. I ask them for brands they take&nbsp; inspiration from, not only their competitors,&nbsp;&nbsp; but just brands they like of ad libraries that&nbsp; they look at. Um, a lot of these clients are so&nbsp;&nbsp; savvy, they already are collecting a ton of ad&nbsp; inspiration. and they know what brands they like&nbsp;&nbsp; to take inspiration from. So, I like to ask them&nbsp; like, "Who who do you like? Like, show me what&nbsp;&nbsp; what type of ads you like." A lot of them will&nbsp; point to ads in my website or like on Twitter and&nbsp;&nbsp; be like, "Could we do some of this, some of that?"&nbsp; I'm like, "Perfect. Sure. We'll start here." Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; but a lot of the times I just like to start with&nbsp; the tried andrue. So, I like to see what hooks are&nbsp;&nbsp; working across clients and formats that I know&nbsp; are going to perform well and test that first.&nbsp;&nbsp; I try not to get too deep into like ad creative&nbsp; research of like looking at too many other brands&nbsp;&nbsp; or competitors until I'm out of ideas from my&nbsp; list of these are the tried and true because&nbsp;&nbsp; when I'm working with clients on a month-to-month&nbsp; basis, I kind of have to do really well in month&nbsp;&nbsp; one. That's just how this industry works or else&nbsp; they're going to fire me. So, I'm trying to prove&nbsp;&nbsp; myself that first month of why they should come&nbsp; back for month two, three, and so forth. And so&nbsp;&nbsp; by going to my tried andrue hooks and formats, I&nbsp; have the best chance of success from the get-go.&nbsp;&nbsp; But then as time goes on, that's when I need to&nbsp; just do more research into their competitors, into&nbsp;&nbsp; what other cool brands are doing, Tik Tok trends,&nbsp; and seeing how we can get outside of the box. Yeah. And it's probably one of the biggest&nbsp; benefits of just working with somebody like&nbsp;&nbsp; you who this is your job, right? like you're in&nbsp; there every day. You have examples by the nature&nbsp;&nbsp; of like this is your work. You're seeing what's&nbsp; working dayto day. Like yeah, it doesn't feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like something you have to go out of your way to&nbsp; do. It's just you're making ads every day. You're&nbsp;&nbsp; seeing how they perform. Of course, you sort&nbsp; of know what's working. Totally. I I really do&nbsp;&nbsp; have because of motion, I really have a pulse of&nbsp; what's working across all of my clients. Um so I&nbsp;&nbsp; think that is a huge value out of working with me.&nbsp; I would say a lot of big brands, they all I want&nbsp;&nbsp; to just end with this note. They don't just put&nbsp; all of their eggs in one basket. They're working&nbsp;&nbsp; with me. They also have their own team, internal&nbsp; team of creative strategists who are coming up&nbsp;&nbsp; with concepts and making ads, but they also want&nbsp; me to provide an outside perspective of, okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; we need someone that's like not living our brand&nbsp; and breathing it every day to come in with a fresh&nbsp;&nbsp; perspective because maybe they've tried the same&nbsp; thing over and over and they feel like it's stale.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, I would say don't just get stuck with one&nbsp; agency or one approach. You can bring in multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; agencies. A lot of these big brands, they're&nbsp; working with me, they're working with Narrative,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're working with Tube Science. Like, they're&nbsp; just like, "Hey, whoever can create the best ads,&nbsp;&nbsp; like game on, we don't care where it comes from.&nbsp; Let's see who can bring the best ideas to the&nbsp;&nbsp; table." And I love that. I love some friendly&nbsp; competition. And we look in motion and we see&nbsp;&nbsp; which agency's performing the best. I think&nbsp; it's really fun. I think it's actually like the&nbsp;&nbsp; biggest motivator is trying to like beat out their&nbsp; internal team or beat out their other agency. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; they kind of like pit us against each other&nbsp; and it's all tagged in motion. We can see who's&nbsp;&nbsp; winning and then I can see, okay, this agency&nbsp; did this other cool idea. I want to do this&nbsp;&nbsp; for my other clients. So, we're all just kind of&nbsp; like stealing from each other and it it's all in&nbsp;&nbsp; good faith and good fun. All just trying to get&nbsp; the best results for our clients. That's great.&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel like that's also what I love about like&nbsp; housing our little motion community, too. and&nbsp;&nbsp; hosting these events. It's like, you're right,&nbsp; like ultimately all of us sort of work together.&nbsp;&nbsp; We bump into each other. We see each other's work.&nbsp; So, another reason I love being a part of this&nbsp;&nbsp; community, hosting these events. Um, all right,&nbsp; this one, Savannah, we get this again every time,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I've seen a few of them, so I'm going to&nbsp; use bise to just sort of encompass them all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um people saying like I'm not in DTOC I do B2B or&nbsp; I'm in services I don't have a physical product&nbsp;&nbsp; I do an app um so you we have done an event on&nbsp; this before um which I can also link but again&nbsp;&nbsp; just to sort of reiterate for this audience and&nbsp; if there's anything new you want to add about how&nbsp;&nbsp; you differ your approach for DTO to seances versus&nbsp; everybody else. You know, it actually shares way&nbsp;&nbsp; more than you think it does. Like the approach&nbsp; and the way we do things. We work with a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; apps and a lot of B2B. And we're still using the&nbsp; cool transitions that we see work well for DTOC,&nbsp;&nbsp; using testimonials, using green screen. Of course,&nbsp; we're using a lot more screen records of the app&nbsp;&nbsp; or the website instead of showing a physical&nbsp; product. But the hooks in terms of how you&nbsp;&nbsp; capture attention, it doesn't matter whether&nbsp; you're selling an app or a phone or makeup,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're you're just trying to capture attention.&nbsp; Like that's what the game we're playing. So you&nbsp;&nbsp; can definitely do that without having a physical&nbsp; product. We had so many really great examples in&nbsp;&nbsp; our presentation that we did last year where I&nbsp; did a a full breakdown of B2B ad inspiration.&nbsp;&nbsp; So really recommend checking that out. Even if&nbsp; you're not in B2B, I think it was just like a&nbsp;&nbsp; really jam-packed presentation full of add-ins&nbsp; both. So that's on Motion's YouTube. And then we&nbsp;&nbsp; do these events every quarter. This one I want to&nbsp; do something a little bit different and talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; the process. But maybe next quarter we do like&nbsp; an updated version of like B2B ad inspiration.&nbsp;&nbsp; uh definitely let us know in the chat or you can&nbsp; email me after uh this and let me know what type&nbsp;&nbsp; of con what type of topics you're interested in&nbsp; and if there is a lot of interest in B2B I'd be&nbsp;&nbsp; happy to do an updated webinar with motion&nbsp; next time with some more ad examples. Love&nbsp;&nbsp; it. I didn't even realize we're at time&nbsp; already. I'm asking too many questions.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um you're just amazing. Thank you so much for&nbsp; your time. We can we can wrap it up here. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; I know we've all been here for an hour already,&nbsp; but what a valuable hour. Thank you so so much,&nbsp;&nbsp; Savannah. Thank you everyone for joining. And yes,&nbsp; we will be following up with all the things. Sign&nbsp;&nbsp; up for Savannah's newsletter. You'll be getting an&nbsp; email followup from us with all these resources,&nbsp;&nbsp; too. But yeah, thanks Savannah. Thank you.&nbsp; Love everyone in the chat. You guys make&nbsp;&nbsp; this all possible and I really look forward to&nbsp; this every quarter. So would love to connect&nbsp;&nbsp; with some of you after this. Feel free to go&nbsp; to my website the socials savannah.com. Sign&nbsp;&nbsp; up for my newsletter. I will send out the&nbsp; deck and the recording to everyone later&nbsp;&nbsp; u maybe early next week. And then you can check&nbsp; out my ad library on my website of all the ads&nbsp;&nbsp; I've done. Take some inspiration from there. Um&nbsp; but yeah, thank you so much for taking an hour out&nbsp;&nbsp; of your day to to come here. I really appreciate&nbsp; everyone who's joined. Bye everyone. Bye bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @socialsavannah [14 likes]: Thank you so much for having me!
  2. @JamesMulvey-oi2zf [4 likes]: so much gold in this one!
  3. @mistahac [2 likes]: Omg yes please make a course
  4. @emma_manley [1 likes]: This was amazing! So insightful! Thank you @socialsavannah & @motioncreativeanalytics for ALWAYS delivering gold! 🔥🙏🏼
  5. @zubairmansoori2200 [1 likes]: Amazing session.  golden nuggets found from this cave
  6. @claudiaariasgonzalez6941 [1 likes]: EXCELLENT CONTENT
  7. @onlyfoolriding8223: I have a custom AI tool that creates hundreds of image ads inside of a few minutes.

- How to Run Meta Ads For Beginners (Meta Ads Tutorial 2026): Kind: captions Language: en If you're not using meta ads, you're kind of missing out because this platform absolutely dominates the ad game because it has the best targeting options that will allow you to reach the exact audience you need. And with Meta Ads, you'll be able to advertise on Instagram, Facebook, and even WhatsApp if you want to. And while the platform may be a bit intimidating when starting out, don't you worry because in this video I'll go over everything from what meta ads are to setting them up and analyzing their performance. So without further ado, let's get into it. All right, so let's start from the top. What exactly are meta ads and why should you even care about them? Well, they are the advertisements you see on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and as I already said, sometimes even WhatsApp. and they're all managed from one single place which is Meta Ads Manager. Now, you might be thinking of something like Google Ads where you target people based on what they're searching for right now. But Meta is a bit different. It targets people based on who they are, like their interests, their age, location, and just overall online behavior. And the best part about it, it's incredibly easy to get started with as a beginner. And you do not need a huge budget for it either. You can test campaigns for just a few dollars a day, which is really good. And the secret sauce here is Meta's algorithm. When you run an ad, the platform goes through a learning phase, and it needs about 50 conversion events, like 50 sales or signups to figure out who is most likely to take the action that you actually want. And during this phase, performance might be a bit unpredictable, but that's completely normal as Meta decides who sees your ad through an automatic digital auction based on total value. And this includes your bid, the ad's quality, and how likely someone is to interact with it. And this means that even with a smaller budget, a high quality relevant ad can actually win the game. And the big question really is here, is meta ads still worth it in 2025? The answer, yes, it is. But your return on investment really depends on a lot of things like your strategy, your creatives, and your targeting, the offer you're making, and your landing page also. Oh, and also testing. Lots and lots of testing. And yes, you might spend some time kicking this whole thing off, but if you have something to promote on a budget, this might just be one of the best decisions you will ever make. So, the first thing to focus on is a learning. Your goal with your first campaign isn't to attract, you know, a million visitors. It's to understand what works, reach real people, and get results in a cost effective way. And by the way, helping you understand exactly what works is what Hostinger Academy is all about with lots of useful guides just like this one that you're watching right now. So, make sure to hit that subscribe button and that way you will not miss any of our future tutorials. All right, guys. Now, let's roll up our sleeves and get things set up. And trust me, it's not as difficult as it may sound. And step one of this is creating your Meta business portfolio. This is basically where you'll manage all of your assets like Facebook pages, Instagram accounts, and of course, your ad account as well. First thing you're going to want to do is head over to business.fas.com and click on create account right over here. Then just enter your business name, your name, and your business email address. Then you can just go through these steps and enter the required information to complete the setup. And that's it. You're now in. But to run actual ads, you'll need to connect your Facebook page and if you have one, then your Instagram account as well. Now, from the Meta Business Suite, just go to settings like I'm doing right now. Now, when we're in the settings, just under accounts here, select pages. Look up a page you manage via the search bar and hit add. Then just follow the prompts until you're done. You can also add your Instagram account just as easily. Just select Instagram under accounts from the settings and just follow the same exact process. And with all of that out of the way, let's create your ad account. Now on the left sidebar, right underneath pages right here, you'll find add accounts. So click add and choose create a new ad account. Then enter its name. Select a time zone right here. Choose your currency. And yeah, that's pretty much it. Then just assign the ad account to your business. And you can also add your payment info right away over here. Just follow the prompts to do so and press save at the end because we don't want anything to uh end up not being saved. And that's pretty much the initial setup that is now complete. But now before you launch your first campaign, it's really crucial to understand how Meta Ads Manager structures your ads. So there are actually three levels to this. Now the first is campaign. This is where you set your advertising objectives like what you want people to do when they see your ad. Now it might be visiting your site. It might be engaging with the post or just making a purchase. Then comes in the ad set. Now here you mainly define your audience and placements. That's where your ad will appear basically. And finally, the actual ad. And this is the creative part and what people will actually see like your images, videos, ad copies, call to actions, all that. So just remember these three levels that I just mentioned. And also guys, in just one campaign, you can have multiple adsets with different audiences for example. And in each adset, you can have multiple ads with different creatives as well. All right, guys. Now that your meta ad account is ready to go, it's time to make your first big decision, and that's picking your campaign objective. And I know what you're thinking. Can't I just boost a post and hope for the best? Well, technically, yes, you can. But if you want results you can actually measure and improve on, you'll have to do it the right way. And I will show you what that way is in a second. Now, the first objective here is awareness. Now, it's great if you're launching something new and just want people to know you exist. Now with this campaign objective, Meta will show your ad to as many people as possible who are likely to remember it. So according to the algorithm basically. Now the second one is traffic. Now this one sends people to a specific destination like your website, product page or blog for example. And the third objective is engagement. That helps you get likes, comments, shares and other interactions on your posts or your page. Now, if you want to build a social presence or community, this is the one you should really pick. And if you're trying to collect emails, signups, or customer info, the leads objective is for you. It even lets you use forms right inside the ads, so users never have to leave the app, basically. Now, another one is sales, and it's a bit more advanced, and it optimizes your ads for purchases or conversions on your website. Now, tracking the results of these campaigns is a bit more tricky, but also not impossible. You can still totally do it. And the last one is app promotion, which helps you get installs for, yeah, you guessed it, a mobile app. So, now, which one should you start with? Now, if you're a beginner, I highly recommend starting with either traffic or engagement. They're really simple, really straightforward, and they help you learn how the platform works without getting bogged down in advanced setups. So, I mean, if you want more people on your site or your landing page, go with traffic. And if you want to grow your audience or get more interaction on your actual posts, engagement is your best friend here. But now, let's dive into a campaign to see what things actually look like. So, basically, to set the campaign, go to ads from your left sidebar and choose ads manager right here. Once the interface opens up, just hit create and then pick the campaign objective. Now remember, we just talked about the objective. So just pick one here, set it up, and if you're prompted, check manual ads setup here. Give your campaign a name, and then press next. And we always want to go manual with meta ads. Now, you'll arrive on this panel where you can modify the campaign level. And that's the level with the objectives here. You know, see this little panel on the left. Here you can navigate between each of the levels. And when you're all ready to proceed to the ad set, just click next. Now, once you're there, just scroll down until you reach audience controls, just like I'm doing here. And this is exactly where you can adjust the audience targeting and aim for the people that you think are most likely to convert. And this part is super super important because even the most brilliant ad won't do much if it's shown to the wrong people. So, first up, what you'll do here is you'll define your core audience based on a few key details. You can edit the location to choose where you want your ads to be shown. You can get super specific here as you want. And you can pick countries, cities, or even a specific mile radius around your store. Then all right here, you can set the age to target people who are most likely to be interested in your offer. And I mean, for example, if you're selling, let's say, trendy phone cases, then pick something between 18 to 34 year olds. That might be a great pick. And after that, you can target all genders or narrow it down depending on what you offer. And finally, the language option here is super useful if your audience speaks a specific language that's different from the default for the region that you're actually targeting. So once you have all that set up, then just scroll down a bit and click audience suggestion under advantage plus audience. And now this is going to be the fun part here guys, which is detailed targeting. basically lets you tap into the user data to find people who are likely to care about what you show them. And you can be really specific with your targeting based on a few characteristics and you'll see them in the drop- down menu right here. So just first uh right here as you can see there's demographics. So things like relationship status, educational level, job titles, and things like that. And then there's interests here. And you can target people interested in a whole lot of different things like vegan food, you know, photography, fitness, you name it. You can even go ultra ultra specific, like targeting people based on a movie they like, for example. So, search for things that define your target audience and see for yourself what's available there. And finally, there's the last category, which is the behaviors category, and it's for the actions people actually take. Now, you'll find online shoppers, frequent flyers here, or even recent boobers. And honestly, my advice here, if you're just getting started, don't overdo it with all of these. It's tempting to stuck a dozen interests and behaviors, thinking you're laser targeting the perfect person. But when you do that, your audience gets really small and your ads get more expensive. So, instead of doing that, start fairly broad, especially with interest targeting. Pick one or two categories really relevant to your product or service and then let Meta's algorithm do the rest. It's actually really good at finding the right people if you give it a bit of room to work with. Now, one quick but super important note here is if your ad has anything to do with credit, loan, employment, or job listings, housing or real estate, social issues, elections, politics, or any financial services, you'll need to select a special ad category during setup. So, to set up this category, what you're going to do is go back to campaign options and tick the show categories button under the apply name section here. Then choose the category that applies to your category specifically. And this is because the legal regulations basically it tells Meta you're working in a regulated space and it limits some targeting options to prevent discrimination. But now anyway, let's just scroll back up a bit and now comes the big question. How much should I spend? And the good news here is you don't need to throw in hundreds of dollars right away. Really, you don't. I strongly, by the way, recommend that you don't do that. And when it comes to budgeting, Meta gives you two main options. The first one is daily budget. Now, this is the amount you're willing to spend each day. Now, if you set a daily budget of, let's say, five bucks, Meta will aim to spend just around that amount each day. Now, it might just go a little bit over or under depending on how your ads perform, but it will focus around that. And then the second option is the lifetime budget. This is where you give Meta a total amount to spend over the entire campaign. So, if you set a lifetime budget to say $100 and run your ad for 10 days, Meta will try to space the spending over time for the best results. But I do strongly recommend starting with the daily budget as it's easy to manage, really flexible, and helps you keep your ad spend in check while you learn. And next comes the ad scheduling. Now, you can choose to run your campaign continuously or set a start and end date. Now, if you're just testing or let's say running a promo, definitely set an end date because no one wants a random ad draining their card 6 months from now because they forgot it existed. And here's a little pro tip, by the way. Always check your time zone settings before you launch your ads because meta runs on the time zone you set in your ad account. So, your campaign might just start or end earlier than you expect if that is off. All right, guys. Now, let's move on. So, what you're going to do next first, just scroll down to placements here. Now, Meta owns a lot of real estate on the internet, like Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and your ad can show up in all kinds of places across all of those platforms. But just before you start freaking out and micromanaging everything, let me introduce you to your new best friend as a beginner, which is Advantage Plus Placements. This option lets Meta decide the best places to show your ad. based on performance. So, you set your goal and Meta's algorithm finds the most effective placements to help you hit it. Basically, in short, it's the autopilot option. And honestly, it works really well for most beginners. I mean, there's a lot of potential places your ad might be shown in, like the Facebook or Instagram feed or reals or instream content, and you know, so on. There's literally a million places. So, in a nutshell, Advantage Plus Placements takes the guesswork out and gives you better reach and often for much less money as well. So, you can enable that by just hitting edit and checking the circle right here. But if you do do this, however, do pay attention to your assets since they'll be showing up as different placements. So, make sure your creatives don't get super distorted to fit a certain resolution or image size. And also, meanwhile, if you've got more experience or really specific goals, like only targeting Instagram users, you can manually choose your placements as well. You don't have to do the that option that I showed earlier. This basically lets you fine-tune where your ad appears. But do have a heads up here. Narrowing your placements too much can sometimes increase your costs. Now, Meta's algorithm loves flexibility, basically. And the cool thing is Meta even gives special treatment to vertical video in these placements. So if you're using advantage plus placements and you upload a video that fits, Meta will automatically slot it into stories and reels for you. Now some other placements you should know about include feeds, instream videos, and search ads. Now feeds are your just classic scrollable ads, and they're actually really solid performers. Meanwhile, instream videos are YouTube style ads that play before the content people want to watch. This placement works really well with engaging, also attentiongrabbing video content. And finally, we have search. It's a newer placement where your ads can show when people search inside the meta apps. Okay, guys. Now, it's time to actually click on our new ad and talk about the heart of our campaign and the actual creative. This is basically what people actually see and is the single most important part of your whole campaign. And trust me, this can be the difference between someone scrolling past your ad and someone actually clicking on it. So now let's hit setup creative right there and go ahead here. So I mean in 2025, attention spans are shorter than they ever have been before. So you've got 1 second, maybe 2 seconds if you're lucky to grab someone's attention. So, how do you make that scroll stopper? Well, first, spend at least 5 minutes browsing the meta ads library. Just see what others in your niche are doing. And this tool really allows you to see every ad run at the given time. It's super super useful. So, definitely don't miss the step. Now, if you notice a lot of reels with a certain ending style or hook, for example, take notes of that. Then, make sure to remember that highquality visuals, they do really work. Blurry, cluttered, or overdesigned ads just don't cut it anymore. So, use clean, really crisp images or videos. And then also consider user generated content. I mean, it's everywhere for a reason right now. Ads that feel like a real person is giving a recommendation always perform way better than polished corporel looking videos. And my next tip is to really focus on one clear problem and one clear solution. Don't try to say everything all at once. Pick a painoint your audience has and show how you solve it. And it's really ideal if you can make your ad blend into the platform. Like if you're running on reals or stories, make your ad look like the content users already watch there. And make sure to grab that attention fast. The first 3 seconds of your video or visual need to hook people in. So use motion, bold text, or just a surprising statement right away. But once you've settled on your asset, you'll need to actually upload its details via the creative setup. So just enter your website name or target page and switch to the text tab. Now, this might look a little tricky here, but it's actually pretty straightforward. And that is because Meta has specific character limits for these fields and you have to just stick to them. That's all. So first, as you can see, we have the primary text here. Now it should be but can be longer to 125 characters and feature one message. Now next up is the headline. Now here just include the big benefit or why just someone should care about it. Now the description field is next and that is where you can go a little more into detail. It won't always also be visible. So add some extra information that may help convert people. And finally right over here we have the call to action. And this should tell people exactly what to do next. Keep it really short, really simple, and really actionable. But when you're done with all of this, just switch over here to the media tab and upload your creative. So go through the specific tabs to just the assets based on the format. And we'll skip these remaining options for now and just click done. And this new section will let you edit the placements, copy, and other options for the ads. So just get familiar with them here. And finally, once you're done with all of the above, just hit publish and your first ad will go live. And guys, while scrolling through the whole ad setup, you may have noticed the destination options. Now, depending on what you do, you may want to set up a special landing page optimized for your campaign. And one of the easiest solutions for landing page creation is Hostinger's website builder. You can build your website and landing pages by putting AI to the task and take it live in literal minutes. And it's not just website creation either. You can actually craft the perfect landing page easily by dragging and dropping everything just the way you want. And it you will see it happening live. So it's really easy to use. And also if you subscribe to the AI builder for at least a year, you'll also get a domain name for free. So, Hostinger website builder even has metapixel integration. So, it's super super optimized for meta campaigns. So, if you want to give it a shot, just go to the link in the description down below and use our discount code WB10 for an additional 10% off your purchase. And now, you probably heard me mention Metapixel and you're probably wondering what it is. Well, it's a bit of a more advanced ads technique, but if you are interested in finding out what it is, we'll cover that in the upcoming video that will publish really soon. So, make sure you're subscribed to Hostinger Academy. All right, so you've launched your ad and it's live. You should now follow your campaign and track its performance like we talked about earlier. So, from the campaigns tab right over here, you can arrange the columns to track your key metrics. And I'll tell you what these are in just a second. So you'll find ad reporting on the left sidebar of ads manager. And scroll down. And I mean pretty cool, right? There are so many of them, but let me walk you through the main ones. So no need to look for them on the list. They'll be visible already for you. So first we have CPR. And this is cost per result. And this is a big one, guys. And it will be visible right away. Now, CPR tells you how much you're paying to get the outcome you set in your campaign objective. So, if your CPR is going up, it might be time to tweak your targeting or update your ad creative or just improve your landing page. Just make sure you don't throw more money at it because clearly something is not working and you need to test to find out what exactly. Then, let's talk about frequency. Now, this shows how many times on average each person saw your ad. So, if your frequency is getting high, say let's say three or more, and your performance is dropping, your audience might be getting tired of seeing the same ad. But you can fix that by rotating creatives or expanding your audience. Now, we have reach and impressions, and they should be looked at together. Now, reach is how many unique people saw your ad. Impressions, meanwhile, mean the total number of times your ad was shown, including repeats. And if you've got a ton of impressions, let's say, but low reach, your audience might be too small. So try broadening your targeting. And then it's CTR. Now, clickthrough rate. It won't be visible right away, so you'll need to enable it within the metrics panel. So this basically tells you how many people actually clicked your ad after seeing it. A good CTR, and for most beginners, it's just 1% means your creative and message are actually connecting. And if it's less than that 1%, then rework your hook, headline, or just visuals. Make your ad more scroll stopping. But now, if you've actually launched video assets, you'll see a few video metrics here as well. Now, video plays is one, and it's essentially just letting you know if people actually watch the ad. And meanwhile, here, average play time or percentage watched tells you if your viewers are sticking around or bouncing just after 2 seconds. And if your watch time is super low, your video might not be grabbing attention quickly enough. So try reworking the first 3 seconds or everything else, but mostly focus on those 3 seconds as they are really everything. And that is it guys. The more you understand these numbers, the easier it is to figure out what's working, what's not working, and where you can improve next. And the secret sauce here with Met Ads is test, learn, optimize, and repeat it all over again. Don't stress if your first campaign isn't perfect. Nobody's is. Trust me. What matters is that you're learning and improving with every single click. And now, if you found this video helpful at all, give it a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to Hostinger Academy for more tutorials that will help you grow your business online. And if you have a question about meta ads, just drop it in the comments down below. And also, if you're interested in trying out the website builder that I mentioned before, check out the video next where we show you a step-by-step process on how to build a website using its powerful AI features. But for now guys, thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HostingerAcademy [19 likes]: If you're not using Meta Ads, you're missing out on the best targeting options in the game 👉https://bit.ly/4kOyh2n
💥 Use the discount code WB10 to get 10% OFF!
  2. @ismailsaiful-e8h [1 likes]: super good video ❤❤
  3. @MerodinKetih [1 likes]: Thank you so much...i was clueless before but after watching till the end, i feel like i'm a pro
  4. @egis579 [1 likes]: I’m back here again after a year 😊
  5. @nouralabboud8877: guys i want the video that explaining pixels
  6. @Lee_fashionerd: Thank you sooooo much
  7. @devByDash: My Meta ad manager got banned because they detected automation. Not sure wtf that means.
  8. @svnaik-t2k: Hello, I'm a beginner so what is the first step and how to start learning
  9. @KawerasdMawersd: The way you explained the topic with real-world context made it much easier to understand. I liked how you went beyond the obvious points and covered the things people usually overlook.
  10. @ojoseun3680: I literally was able to set up my first Ad Ever using this video. This was so helpful and detailed. Easy to understand. Thank you Hostinger!
  11. @mdaarif-eh7hc: Really interesting perspective. Enjoyed every minute of it.
  12. @AdeolaSaidat: Thanks for this great information
  13. @TayyabAli-h5f6r: Can you giude me
  14. @Movie.Buzz.Allnews: I recently started getting interested in Meta Ads, Google Ads, and digital marketing overall. Honestly, this is the perfect video for beginners—clear, practical, and easy to follow!
  15. @HyderFarman-m2e: This is really great video , great information for us , really good content , ipweb
  16. @arsapruthi1311: Very helpful!
  17. @Jzzone: Where did totally sad commentary on society being stocked on the web being pushed products and services that likely many people can't afford or don't need and I have to laugh at the viewers here making comments hey I just launched my first meta ad let's see how it goes do you have the right product is it solving a solution what are the competitors like price point etc etc lol
  18. @olutitilope8974: when it comes to teaching , live it for women. excellent teaching
  19. @Pri79111: I went straight through Meta Ads Manager, will that work? Got a notification from Meta Ads Manager and email that ad was approved and should be launching shortly
  20. @PackerBucky: Every Second from this tutorial is important. thanks bud!

- How to Make Meta Ads Creative (even if you are wildly unqualified): Kind: captions Language: en Come here. I want to show you something. These were some of the first meta ads creative I helped to make over 10 years ago, right? And it's crazy because back then I had to hire photographers, videographers, even models to help with bringing these ad concepts to life. And you really don't have to do that anymore in 2025. Often times, content shot on your iPhone works a lot better than these huge setups that I used to pay thousands of dollars for. Now, if we haven't met, first of all, thank you so much for being here. My name is Dora Denny and I've spent over hund00 million dollars on meta ads. I've worked in this industry for over a decade and I have worked with some of the top direct to consumer brands on their creative strategy. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to make meta ads creative that converts even if you're wildly unqualified or you're cheap as hell. I'm even going to break down a few of my creatives for you step by step. This is a safe space. We are all beginners at some point. And because I want to help you out a little bit more one-on-one, be sure to leave me a comment with your brand or industry and I will personally suggest an ad creative for you to make. All right, let's get into this thing. Now, the first thing that you're going to need to understand are the actual types of meta ads creatives that you can make. And we're going to keep this really simple, dividing it between images or static content or your video content. And yes, you could create carousels, but to be honest, this is not a really good place to start. And I would say yes, many brands when they're first starting off will just start off with statics. However, video content has become so easy to produce over the last few years, and it's really what's powering these social media platforms. So, I'd say that regardless, you're going to have to test a few formats if you're just getting started out on meta ads. So, already get in that testing mindset. But let's first look at some specific image format that tends to work really really well on meta but is incredibly easy to make and make personally. Number one is the benefit callout ads. I have been talking about this ad creative type for years at this point and for good reason. This is something that is tried true and proven. Ogulvie even ran these type of ads in the print era. And what's really interesting is that he said he actually ran psychological tests in the ' 50s and60s on this type of ad and that the recall rate on the specific benefits and features that were shown here were actually ranked higher than in any other format. So this is why users when they see this even on their social media feeds they tend to absorb that information a little bit more deeply. And the next image format I want to talk about is of course the us versus them. If you have even dipped your toe into meta ads creative strategy then you have definitely heard of this one and candidly for good reason. This is something that really does convert well for many brands and I will be honest oftent times when I am working with a brand new business. Oftent times this will be their first top performing creative. So this is one that you should absolutely test out. In fact, I am working with a brand that is getting ready to launch in the US for the first time. And this is something that we have on their must test list. And I know what you must be thinking. Oh, is it legal to directly compare yourself to a competitor and have their logo and name right there? Honestly, jury's out on that one. It's not illegal, but is it the right thing to do? I've definitely done it with some ad creative, but I've only done it in very specific instances. Now, what I'll say is you can do this type of ad comparing to a broader, more generalized them, like in some of these examples. So, if you're not super comfortable with, you know, calling out Starbucks or some other big company or organization, do something more like this. And next up, we of course have ugly ads. Now, there are many different types of ugly ads, but one of the most popular is the simple post-it note ad. Now, where the magic really happens with this these Post-it note ads obviously lies in the specific messaging that you're using here. So, if you are trying to reach a net new audience, then definitely leaning into the type of problem that your users are really facing can help out a lot here with the targeting. In meta ads, we have this phrase that the creative does the targeting. And this is absolutely the case. So, one of the big learnings that you're going to have is the more that you can talk about and agitate a consumer's problem, the more that you are going to see performance and really find your core customers utilizing this platform. Now, another strategy that you can have that I see oftent times with meta ads is by featuring an offer on these post-it notes. And of course, this is something that absolutely works really well. But if you're a new brand or business and you're just starting off, this isn't going to be the best way to actually get your customers because people aren't going to be that attracted to a dollar value offer without knowing what your product can actually do for them. Now, next up, let's talk about video. Now, there are three formats that are super super easy to make, I'd say, and are also quite affordable. Number one is going to be your ugly ads video or a oneshot one take which can be a review or can even be more of a point of view shot. I've seen these work really really well and they take next to no skill or cash flow to create. Another one that I'm going to go more in depth on a little bit later in this video is a founders's ad. And this is something that especially if you are the founder who is doing it all, this is a great ad format to start. And honestly, you just need a little bit of guidance on the type of things that you want to talk about for it to actually make an impact and start converting. So, be sure to stay closer to the end where I go into that one more in depth. Now, the final type of video creative that I want to talk about is of course your creator content. Now, sometimes this can be really affordable. You can find creators on Fiverr, on Incense, on Kohi. But to be honest, this can start racking up pretty quickly and there is no set standard of what these creators are charging. So while yes, it's not going to be as expensive as what I used to do 10 years ago, hiring models, hiring photographers, videographers, even sometimes art directors, it was wild. You know, it still can be a lot more affordable than that. It could range anywhere from $100 to $500 to get a pretty decent video. Now, I know what you are probably thinking at this point, right? Wow, it seems like the onus is on me to either shoot or make this type of content. Right now, if this is something that you feel like you can't do or you're intimidated by the use of AI creative, which I totally understand, then stock footage is something that I have seen success with, especially in the early days. And my hack here is to actually combine it with native text overlay. So, when I say native text overlay, I mean like the fonts that you use in Instagram stories or even on Tik Tok or Cap Cut. Being able to combine stock footage with something that feels a little bit more social media first takes away that stock footage feeling. For my stock footage, I use Story Blocks. They are a longtime friend of this channel and they are also sponsoring today's video. They have millions of instant video clips, images, and templates. And when I'm trying to find the right images and video for social media ads particularly, I try to look for ones that don't look like they were a professional studio shoot, which is why I really love their new restock collections that are actually inspired more by the human experience. For instance, say that I was marketing a new neck cream. I could test something like this, which was use the footage from Story Blocks. And the best part is is it's all 100% legal to use on ads, unlike a lot of AI solutions. To get unlimited downloads for one flat rate, check out Storyblocks at storyblocks.com/denny or click the link in the description. Okay, now you have all of these options for ad creatives to make, right? Which ones do you try first? And I'm going to be really blunt about this because you have to learn it early and really absorb it. There is not a single ad creative that is going to be a silver bullet for you. you are going to continually have to test. And I'd say if you are just starting off, like it is your first time getting into ads manager, it is your first time making meta ads creative, I would start off by testing up to 10 different ads. Maybe select four different formats and you can change out some of the elements or some of the text overlay on it. But you are really going to have to test a lot to truly understand what is going to attract and also convert your customers. And then another question that you're probably going to have is should I make these myself or should I hire someone? Now there are a ton of options and I'd say in the beginning I do think it's really really important that you try to make some of these yourself especially if you are on that shoestring budget. Nearly all of these can be made for a very small fractional price, even a number of the image statics. These are things that I've been able to make myself on a $12 subscription in Canva. But if you're eager to have someone make these for you, be sure that you have example ads of what you want to be created and the right copy to pair with it. And then you could easily find someone on Fiverr, for instance. Or my favorite way to find new people to collaborate with Creative on is through other founders, which is why I'm a huge fan of the Foxwell Founders Group. I am constantly asking people there if they have recommendations for video editors, for graphic designers, or even creative strategists. But all of that is to say, I still think that you should give it a shot making it yourself if you can. Now, let's talk about how to make this us versus them format in a four-step process. Number one, you're going to set up a clear visual comparison. And I actually like to have the brands that I am advertising for, aka the US, be on the left hand side, especially if I am advertising to a western English-speaking demographic that reads from left to right. because I want to make sure that my brand, product or service is the first thing that they see while the them is on the right hand side. And this is absolutely something that you can test out. But having clear us versus them language is a great first place to start. The next thing you're going to do is going to you're going to identify your key differentiators. And you're going to list three to four specific benefits that make your product a lot better than your competitors. And I'd say focus on the benefits that really solve true pain points. and also prioritize the ones that you have the most evidence for or you get the most feedback from your customers on. Now, the next thing you're going to do is you're going to identify your competitor's weaknesses. So, for every single benefit that you have, you're going to identify a correlating weakness. And I'd say a really great way to find this kind of weakness out too is to look at your competitor's reviews and see if there's something that keeps on coming up that is not as favorable for your competitor. And a flag that I'll have here is make sure that you're using factual statements and not something that's super overexaggerated or false because that's not cool. And then the final thing I would do is to use visual cues to reinforce your message. So something that I like to do is to use these type of emojis to really clearly communicate your benefits versus their weaknesses. It's also using a little bit of color psychology, right? Green equals good, red equals. And remember, us versus them ads don't just highlight differences or weaknesses. They actually really do tell a story about why your brand or product is positioned better than what else is out there on the market. And I think it's just really like a good way of like going back to your original brand story. Like why did you create this product or service? What did you see that was missing out there? The us versus them ad is honestly just another way to help clearly tell that story in a way that seems a little bit more objective. And then the final ad creative that I want to talk about, this is a must must try, especially for you founders out there. Honestly, you guys are my favorite people to work with. You're the ones that I am most passionate about helping out there. And I know I'm going to push you out of your comfort zone, but you got to make some founders ads. Now, I often get asked, "Hey, what is the right way to make a founders's ad?" So, it's important that you have the right tools, right? An iPhone or a Samsung, doesn't really matter what kind of phone it is, just has to be a good modern phone, and that you have the right shooting settings. I'm going to make sure to post the right shooting settings right up here. And while it is important that you have great audio, I will say a lot of my founders and brands do not use external audio. So, if you're doing this for the first time and you think that you have to go on Amazon and buy a microphone, you don't. You do not. Just make sure that you have the fans off, you're doing it in a quieter place, and um you know, you can really understand what you're saying, but your message is going to be the most important thing, right? So, inside of your founders ad, you're really going to have to make sure to hit these key things. And I'm actually going to have up on the screen right now a sample script that any brand can use that is actually distilled from hundreds of top performing founders ads that I've researched as well as on the other side of the screen. Now we have the formula for a great founders ad. So you can see here we have a personal introduction. Now what's really interesting is a lot of strategists will tell me, "Oh, you shouldn't begin a founder's ad with my name is and I'm the founder of." Actually, I have seen this work again and again, and I think it's as simple as it doesn't signal to be an ad. And it's actually very genuine type of authentic interaction that's going on with a new user seeing you for the first time. It's like an introduction. You know, when we first start talking to someone out there in the real world, we generally say, "Hey, my name is and like here's what I do." So, with that being simulated on your social feed, I think it actually makes a lot of sense for why something like this works. Now, next up, what you're going to have to be sure to explain is the personal problem that you have. Why did you create this brand? Explain it. What was that problem or friction that you had that you got so hyped up that you decided to even make this type of product in the first place? The next part is your turning point. What made you realize that you were the person to create this new solution or that there was even a solution that could really help you overcome this pain that you were experiencing before? And then of course, go ham on your solution. Go ham on your product. Talk about why you love it. Talk about those features and benefits that make it far better than anything else that is out on the market. And then of course share your proof points. How many people have bought it? How many other people love it? How are you changing lives? Also, be sure to mention any guarantees or risk-free offers that you have here. And then, very important, a soft, simple, but genuine call to action. Now, I know that was pretty quick on the founders ad, but this is an ad format I am super, super passionate about. So, if you'd like me to make an in-depth guide for you guys, be sure to let me know because I would love to make that for you. And that's it. Be sure to let me know in the comments which ad creative you are most excited to test and make out for yourself. And if you have any questions at all, please be sure to let me know or reach out to me on DM. I am so so passionate about helping out people who are new to this industry really figure it out. And I'll see you guys next week. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @salmahnpro1 [1 likes]: Thank you for this valuable video. However, I would like to point out that the background music is distracting and makes it difficult to fully focus on what you're saying. I hope you take this into consideration.
  2. @annmaryw [1 likes]: This is amazing information! So many videos are about how to get setup for the ads but very little great information on the creative side. Thank you!
  3. @joshschindler1310 [1 likes]: Thanks so much for this. Recently started a Lead gen agency. just trying to learn each day and improve. I come from a bit of ecom background so its helps alot but in terms of the creatives im not sure exactly how they should look in terms of what will make it work as ecom was very different and deep direct response.
  4. @mwai_sam1694 [1 likes]: I am in real estate..what are the creatives for that?
  5. @atmintiesakademija: Online courses in memory training and language learning
  6. @mohamedelsaid8706: My brand industry is footwear, shoes, and slippers for men n women and kids, so what do you suggest for creatives on images and videos, please?
  7. @shivamrajput8705: Skin care product brand in india
  8. @milkyblue.tattoo: Hi there. Thank you for all the information. This was so helpful! 
What would you recommend for the tattoo industry, specifically individual artists? 🤎
  9. @Dreamlifecreations-m8c: I want to create meta Ads for digital products on AI, Could you please help me with ideas to make
  10. @kellimumphrey1675: Asking for a friend, the friend is me 😅 Paused at the 15:40 mark...Question... as a "service" based business (Mobile lactation amenity trailer for outdoor venues) where generally I am trying to reach corporations, community event directors, Event coordinators, Corporate Sponsorship professionals...Will this approach be the same for a B2B like myself opposed to a B2C being that I do not provide a product but a service????
  11. @Journey_towards_eternalself: What about creatives like building materials
  12. @ARKHAN-w5r1c: blckluxury  high end rental car business
  13. @memeetto: I would like to start with the founders ad and also something static
  14. @oluwatobimoyolade: I loveeeeeee this channelllll 😭💕
  15. @javriariaz7120: Perfumes
  16. @MaxwellFerrier: Hello 😎
I am a local house painter and would love a suggestion! I was thinking a low effort authentic type ad to start!
  17. @suruchichoudhary237: @danny curious to know if I am a women starting a mens skincare business that simplified skincare for men as they don't like 10 step routine does founder ad make sense for me to do or I shud get some guy to do it
  18. @reginamorfin5621: XP Tickets! We're in the live events ticketing industry
  19. @ryanjohnsonfilms: New subscriber, here. Thanks for this one. Helpful. I work in the global nonprofit sector, focusing on humanitarian relief and child development.
  20. @laur_222: automotive leads ad

- How I launched 100 ads in 5 minutes (without Meta Ads Manager): Kind: captions Language: en I just launched 100 ads in 5 minutes without touching Meta Ads Manager once. Here's exactly how I did it. You see, everyone thinks you need to spend hours on Meta Ads Manager to loading your creative, but I'm about to prove to you why that is completely wrong. In the next 5 minutes, I'm going to show you how you can avoid manually having to add all of your ad creatives into Meta, which will save you like 10 hours a week minimum. But let me tell you what seven and 8 figure agencies and e-commerce brands are doing that you are not. The first thing is that they are not grinding on the ads manager. Do you really think that they are uploading every creative one at a time, changing the primary text and the headlines and manually launching them? No. Because by the time they've done this, their competitors have already won the bidding for the next ad creative round. And so now they're actually losing money. So if you don't want to be losing money, you might be thinking, okay, well, there must be other tools available out there to do this. And there actually are. There's kitchen.io, io ad cook and there are also other enterprise solutions but you have to have like a PhD to even understand how to use it. You have to train somebody on it. But what if I told you there's a way that you can launch 100 ads in 5 minutes but also have a dashboard for analytics research and studying your competitors all in one. And you can actually do this with the tool called Ad Nova. Let me show you how it works. So step one is you actually want to click the link down below so you can make your account with Anova. Now to celebrate getting a 1,000 subs on the channel I managed to speak with them and get a 10% discount for you guys. [music] Next, you will see on the side you have different tabs, research, detective, creative hub, etc. So, you want to go to creative hub and you want to actually upload all your assets. So, here I uploaded the videos that I made. And once you upload all of these videos, you can actually add tags to them. So, you can go, you can tag things based on size, UGC, etc., which is really nice. It just helps you organize your creative in one place. Once you've added your creatives, you want to go to launch settings. So, here's where you're going to actually connect your ad account. You can turn on and off lots of different settings here all at once like multi-advertiser settings, launch ads as pause. I actually have this on because sometimes I want to just double check everything is right beforehand. You can also have different naming conventions are automatically added. You can be very organized with things without having to do things manually and remember, oh yeah, what's the format or syntax that I use for my ads? I always forget. Let me check my document. No, it's all in here. And also, you can go to creative enhancements and turn all of these things off. So now you set up the launch settings. From step two, you want to click launch and then you're going to actually select the creatives that you want. And once you do that, you get shown this section here. So, as you can see here, you have the name, primary text, headline, all of this stuff that you can change. And you can actually bulk edit all of this or do this manually yourself. But before we add anything here, we're actually going to create our ad copy templates. I'm going to click here next to setup, add copy templates. And you can see here I have a means to create a template of my ad copy. And you can see for primary text, you can click on it, add different variations. headlines. You can add different variations. You can give it a name. You can set as default, add descriptions, web link, etc. Everything you can just do as a as a template, which is going to save you so much time. And once you save that, you can go back. The final step of this whole thing is you want to click all the ads, go to load template, choose a template, use the template, and you can select what you want to update here. So, let's say you only wanted to update the primary text, you want to leave everything the same, or you just wanted to update the call to action or the link, you can just do that. And when you click apply, it actually applies it to the whole thing. And then the final step is you're going to select all of that. You're going to click bulk edit. You're going to click adset. And you're going to select the adset that you want to put these ads into. So you obviously want to create the campaign first on the ads manager. Make the adset. And you can actually just add it to the adset. And that's it. Now, if you go and check on the ads manager, see, we have the ads set. And here we have our ads. And they're set [music] up as off. And if I click edit, you can see they have all the descriptions that I added from the bulk edit. And this is going to save you so much time when it comes to uploading your ads. It's not just about speed. You can launch carousel ads, lead ads, multipla. And once everything is live, you can actually track your performance using this exact dashboard. I mean, look at this. You can see the row as you can see the clickthrough rate all at once. And this helps you quickly identify winners with its built-in analyzer. So, it helps you think of the whole creative process as a system rather than just doing things based on feeling. But let's actually talk money because how much does this cost? Well, kitchen io is $29 per month minimum just to get started. Adook is $300 a month and for what the same bulky loading capabilities that Facebook has. You see, like even if you use the bulk upload feature on Facebook, it's still super clunky. It's not even fun to use. You still got to format everything perfectly. And good luck if you actually want to test different variations in the copy. Whereas with Adnova, the Plus plan starts at $150, but that is with everything. [music] five users, analytics, research, asset management, templates. But if you just want the ad launcher, you can get that for [music] just $79 a month, plus $20 for each additional ad account you want to connect. You basically get the equivalent of everything that any creative, strategist, ecom brand, or agency just needs to be [music] able to successfully launch winning ads for $150 a month minimum. But if you're stuck with how to actually make creative that converts, you want to check out this video right here, and I'll show you step by step how we do it at our agency. So, I'll see you in that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jasonnthn: whats the max ad creative on this ? i have trouble launching 333 ad creative that are all videos
  2. @charlnortier: Can I use your strategies found in skool for affiliate offers ? (supplements and info products)
  3. @juampi.villani: Thanks!! Testing it right now!

- New BEST 2026 Meta Ads Course After Andromeda: Kind: captions Language: en Everything you've learned about meta ads before Andromeda is now working against you. If your costs are climbing or your results feel unstable, the algorithm shifted and most people haven't caught up yet. This video is a full course and I'm breaking down the five disciplines you need right now. Account setup, the best ad to run, how to read your data, creative testing, and scaling. All built for 2026. It's timestamped below. So save it and come back to it. I'm opening up my ad account where I spend my money. I want to share my screen real quick and show you the exact structure and more importantly why we structure it this way. This is the modern version of the one campaign method which we now call Andromeda 1. Ad set one is the control. This is our benchmark. A small set of proven ads and ideally there's a good mix of images and videos. These aren't winners forever. They're just the most stable ads that are good enough to scale from and rely on. Ads sets two and three are tests. Each one contains a single 322 ad. And these two ad sets should be thought of as an AB test. And these ads have one specific job to improve or even replace the worst ad inside the control ad set. Also, in a little bit, I'm going to show you exactly how to identify the worst ad because I think most people pick the wrong one. We're not testing to find the next winner to scale and abuse. Remember, Facebook ads are a team sport. We want to find the worst player on the team and replace them so that we can win more often. Now, let's talk about how to judge a test. This is the part most experts get wrong and this is the most important part of scaling any account. We're not judging the test by any individual ad metric, CPA, rorowaz, CTR, hook rate, none of that. Those are diagnostics. The goal is money. We only need to ask one stupid simple question. Did the campaign's profit volume go up? And by that, I mean total revenue minus total ad spend. If yes, we just created more money to reinvest so we can scale the budget. If no, the test is a loser. That's it. Real quick, if you like this video, please go ahead and like this video and subscribe so you don't miss anything else and share it with all of your friends. YouTube loves that and it's how we help put fact to fiction so that everyone can see more success and less stress. Also, check out Disruptor Academy. We just launched a brand new course on Andromeda 1. Literally soup to nuts. Everything you need from setup to scale, automated rules for low budgets, high budgets, literally everything you need to see more success and less stress. The link is right there. All right, that being said, let's get back to it. budget behavior is the signal. And the three-step testing process I'm about to show you is where Andromeda 1 gets really powerful. After we launch the test ads, we wait. And then step one, delivery. Did the ads earn spend? If the answer is no, the ads aren't competitive and the test is basically dead on arrival and we start over. Step two, evaluation. What happens to the campaign if the answer is yes? If the test earns spend and the profit volume goes up, the test is winning regardless of what any individual ad metric says. And if the test earns spend and the profit volume drops, it's a loser and we start over. And then step three, scale. If profit volume went up, we have more money to invest, so we increase the budget. And you continue to scale until profit volume stops improving. And then you're back to testing. It doesn't matter if any of your new ads are winners or if your rorowaz goes from 2 to 20. If profit didn't go up, it's a loss. Only the business outcome matters because it's not about any individual ad. It's about the whole team. And if we can't scale the budget, we need to make the team better. Now, a little earlier, I promised I would show you exactly how to identify the worst ad. And it's also stupid simple. When I evaluate ads, I don't start with rorowaz. ROAZ is a ratio. It can look amazing while you make less money. We want to make more money. So, what we care about is gross profit per transaction. I call it GPT. And yes, you can build it as a custom metric in your dashboard. Here's how to do it. Here's why this matters. Ad A could be a 4x rorowaz on a $10 CPA with a $40 AOV. That's a $30 gross profit. Ad B could be a 2x rorowaz on a $60 CPA. With a $120 AOV, that's a $60 gross profit. half the row as double the profit. So when we evaluate an ad, the stupid simple question is, does the ad have a GPT above campaign average? If not, that's one we want to try to replace. This stupid simple structure gives you something most advertisers never get. Certainty. Because we know exactly what changed and when it changed and what it did to the bottom line of the business. We can say things like that new hook increased profit volume or that angle brought in a higher AOV customer. No guessing, no emotional attachment, no subjective view based on attribution. And here's the hidden upside, the cross channel effect. When you improve the quality of who you bring in and keep your traffic consistent, everything downstream gets better. Let's take a step back to look at what's really happening. Our creative testing upgrades the customer quality coming into the store. And because all spend runs through one system, Meta's Andromeda gets better at matching the right ad to the right buyer. And because we're not launching hundreds of random ads, all of our customers begin to look and feel and behave the same. Then we scale the budget to buy more of those higher quality customers. And all of that means that our site converts better. search and email pick up more revenue and even returning customer revenue also climbs. And that's the point. We're making the business better by buying better customers. That's why we judge success by the bank account, not just by platform rorowaz. I don't really give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about rorowaz. And this is the difference between optimizing ads like a performance marketer and being an operator scaling a business. I think about it like this. Hunters versus farmers. Hunters lived in caves for a 100,000 years, living and dying by their ability to feed themselves today. Hunters measure success by rorowaz and daily CPA. They ask, "Did this add work today? What's my cost right now? Did it hit immediately? They live and die by short-term swings." Once humanity learned how to farm, we went from living in caves to building empires and putting a man on the moon. We are in the empire building business. If you want to scale to the moon, you have to start thinking like a farmer. Farmers focus on feeding as many people as possible. One corn plant can produce three or four pounds of food and you can plant 10 other corn plants from what you don't eat. So for the same amount of work over time, you go from four pounds of food to 400 because you're focusing on building a better system. And that's what farming is. Farmers focus on total profit and growth. Their job isn't to chase win after win. is to build a system that works and to protect it and to scale it with the resources that system builds for itself. And that's what Andromeda 1 is actually optimizing for similarity to produce scale. We're increasing the volume of high quality data flowing into the platform so it gets better at matching the right message to the right buyer and finding more of your best customers. Now, before you copy this structure, we have to talk about budget because a lower budget changes the rules just a little bit. If your budget isn't high enough to reliably get more than one adset out of the learning phase, then everything lives in one ad set. Your control and your tests are just ads inside of the same adset. Then you follow a simple ladder. one adset until you can afford to get one testing and one control adset and then you scale until you can afford two testing adset. And even when I'm spending a million a month like I showed you before, I don't have more than two testing adsets. Once you get there, you're done. You're ready to scale to the moon. So now you understand what Andromeda 1 really is. It's not a tactic or a hack. And it's definitely not a structure you copy and paste from a screenshot. It's a decision to stop being a hunter and to start being a farmer. It's choosing a system you can run every week, not a lucky ad you hope doesn't die. Now that you understand that, next we need to talk about the ad itself, I got to show you the exact ad format I use, how to build it, and how to feed the algorithm the kind of data it needs to actually scale. Because the best structure in the world won't scale if your ads aren't teaching meta to win. These three ads all spent over a million dollars and they're the exact same format. After Andromeda, it's the best kind of ad you can run on Facebook and almost no one is using it properly. I'm going to show you exactly what it is, how to build one from scratch, and how to scale your campaigns with it. Let's actually build one of these together. This is a 322 ad. Three creatives, two headlines, two primary text. First, three creatives. Three videos or three images, not a mix. We want meta comparing like for like. If you want to test images versus videos, run those as two separate ads against each other. Next, two primary texts. These should be genuinely different angles, different hooks, different reasons to care. I usually like to test shorter copy, 180 characters or so or less and then also much longer copy that has the see more function. And if you do use the see more, remember to treat it like above and below the fold. You tease up top, then continue the conversation after the click. It is two parts of the message. And then you have the two headlines, two distinct frames of value like buy now and save or it's the last you'll ever need. Three creatives, two headlines, two primary text, the 322. That's 12 possible combination. We're trying to let Andromeda identify a winner fast so it can scale what's working. Now, if your ads manager happens to look a little bit different than mine, there is an update going on right now. There's a link in the description down below where I walk through the updated interface. Everything is the same. It's just some of the buttons are in different places. Ad spend is earned. Meta is a meritocracy. It pushes budget towards the best performing combination based on the highest value signals. What has the best estimated action rate, clicks, engagements, watch time, all of that. That's exactly what we want. So, why does this work so much better than launching separate post IDs? It all comes down to separate buckets versus shared learning. When you run ads one by one, side by side, each post ID learns in isolation. Each ad has its own data, its own history, and none of it carries over. So if you test a brand new creative pack, say a dozen new ads, they don't learn together. And that testing is funded by pulling spend away from the ads that were already working. And during that testing, the new ads that get delivery first are the ones that look best closest to the conversion, which is also why all of your new ads look great for a couple of days and then just tank. And it's why your old winners suddenly look worse right after you launch new tests. A 322 ad flips that. Instead of separate buckets, everything feeds into one shared pool. Creative headline and primary text, all of that performance data compounds together. So when something starts working, that signal isn't trapped in a single post ID. It's shared across all the elements of the ad, which means Meta can build on what it learned. And that's the real win. More learning continuity, right? There's less guessing and more stable performance. It's one ad learning from every win and every mistake to get better and better and better. It's a self optimizing creative testing device. Next, I'm going to show you why this stupid simple structure is what makes performance more stable. Your ads don't fatigue, they improve. Creative moves the needle more than anything else on Meta. So, our job isn't to overwhelm the machine with options. With three creatives, Meta can make a real decision quickly. That spend consolidates around the best creative that you've got, which means all of your spend is making that choice better. Now, remember that a 322 is already 12 ads. So if you load five or 10 creatives, that could potentially be hundreds. Whatever gets lucky early is going to dominate everything only because at your warmest audience, it was the thing people clicked on first. And this is why a lot of folks that say flex ads don't work. Dynamic creative is stupid is because they overwhelm the machine. So they're basically working against the data instead of leveraging it. You want Andromeda to do all the hard work so that you don't have to. And this is how we do it. Three Creatives keeps it stupid simple. Either you have a winner or you kill it and you move on. So if you want to test more than three creatives, you don't stack them into one ad. You build multiple 322s. If you have six creatives, that's just two 322 ads, which is already 24 ads. And each one of them gets its own chance to earn spend. And this is really useful for people that want to do copy testing, something I don't see anybody else talking about. If both of those 322 ads have the same headline and primary text, you can watch what happens to the spend across both. If the same copy dominates in both ads, that's a real signal the copy is doing the work. But if the performance of that copy is different amongst those two ads, you know the copy isn't the reason the ad is winning or losing. Real multivariant AB testing and it's stupid simple for you to read the results and move on. And this is the difference between chasing performance, launching ad after ad after ad, versus building something you can actually rely on, a foundation that will let you scale. I hope you're enjoying watching this video as much as I enjoyed making it. And I want to take a moment and just say thank you for watching it. Now, go ahead and smash that like button, subscribe to the channel if you haven't already, [clears throat] and ring the bell so you don't miss any future videos. And take a moment to join Disruptor Academy where you can get for free all the assistance you need. all of the things that we talk about in this video. There's a link right here. All right, with that being said, let's get back to it. Once the 322 ad has been running for a while, the most important KPI for you to watch is still spend. Spend tells you what the machine believes. And when a test earns spend and the overall business gets better, that's a real winner. Most people have been trained to think the goal is winner after winner after winner. They're focusing on like creative hit rate and how many winning ads can I get, but the worst thing you can do is interrupt something that's already winning. Your 322 ad is a self-contained creative test. And when one version starts to dominate, that is your winner. That one single post ID is probably getting most of the spend. It's the biggest contributor to the outcome that is good for you. So, you pull it not by shutting the ad down, but by taking the winning post ID and introducing it into your control ad set. the ad set where all of your other proven winners live. And you're not immediately replacing anything. You're just testing the ad in the control and then watching what happens. And that makes creative testing stupid simple. Does the new ad in the control ad set make the campaign better? If yes, keep it. If no, turn it off. Remember that the purpose of creative testing is not to find a winner. It's to build the best team. And this is how you do it. There's no gray area. There's no subjectivity. There's no uncertainty. You can be fully confident in every single choice. Before we move on, let me zoom out and tie this all together because once you see it as a system, everything becomes much clearer. Okay, so step one is testing. The 322 ad is your simple self optimizing creative testing device. Step two is harvesting. You find a winner, you grab that post ID and you bring it into your control ad set alongside your other proven ads. And step three is scale. If this makes the whole campaign better, we can increase the budget. So that's how you build an ad that can spend a million dollars. But knowing how to build one is only half of it. Meta's algorithm isn't actually a black box trying to take your money. And once you know what to look for, everything changes. Spend isn't just a budget setting. It's the clearest way to see what decisions Meta is making about your ad. Meta sells attention, and attention is precious and fragile. Before your ad earns real spend, it has to pass through two gates. Lattice balances the user experience with advertiser objectives. Basically, should this person see an ad at all? and Andromeda is the filter choosing which of the millions of ads competing for that impression deserve a real chance to earn distribution. So when your ad starts earning spend, it's usually because those systems are seeing signals like people stopping their scroll, they watch, they click, they convert. Meta is saying, "Users like this experience. We're going to show it to more people." And that is why ads getting the most spent can sometimes have a slightly worse CPA. Because when meta is spending higher, it's pushing your ad past the easy conversions and into new colder people that fill the funnel. Spend is a measure of preference. Ranking the ads by how well they meet both your business objectives and metas. Which brings us to the most misunderstood metric in meta ads. It's easy to see frequency rising and panic and call it fatigue, but frequency doesn't really show fatigue. Frequency is telling you how Meta is using an ad in the funnel. Here's a simple way I want you to think about it. When you're looking at daily frequency, when it's at a 1.05, that means 5% of people saw that ad twice. When your daily frequency is a 1.95, that means about 95% of people have seen that ad twice. Lower frequency usually means the ad is being used to find new people. Higher frequency usually means Meta is using that to retarget individuals. There are three common reasons your frequency will climb. Number one is that cold audiences don't like the ad. The engagement and conversion signals aren't strong enough, so Facebook just stops expanding to new people. Number two, you keep resetting the machine if you're launching too many ads, changing budgets, bids, or audiences. So nothing gets enough stable data. Meta can't confidently find new people. So it leans on the people it already understands. Those two usually show up as high frequency and low spend because the system is protecting the user experience. Our third option is an ad that converts really well on warm audiences. In that case, it can still earn spend even with the high frequency because it's doing a great job later in the journey. Remember that creative does the targeting. Frequency is how you can see who's being targeted. So, now that we know what the algorithm wants to do with every impression we buy, we have to know how much those impressions cost and how good they are. And that brings us to CPM. Your ads aren't only competing against other ads, they're competing against organic content, too. Your friends, creators, memes, whatever. In Meta's business model, where attention is the product, it's in their best interest to show people content they'll engage with and ads for products they want from brands they can actually trust. There's a second factor, too. Supply and demand. The audiences closer to buying are often the same audiences your competitors want. So, there's less supply and more demand. That equals higher CPM. But Meta doesn't just sell impressions to the highest bidder. It's optimizing for the outcome and the experience. Ads with higher quality experiences can earn lower CPMs. And as users get closer to buying, Meta gets more selective about what ads it will show them. It cares about what it can predict will happen after the impression. If your ads create a great user experience, you can often be charged less to reach people more likely to convert, even in competitive audiences. And if your ads create a bad experience, you often have to pay more just to get delivery. Yes, CPM is the cost of attention, but more importantly, it's a read on the quality and competitiveness of that attention. And that brings us to the other really important cost metric, cost per result. A lot of people use it to decide whether an ad is good or bad, and honestly, whether they're actually good or bad at the job of running ads. Lowerfunnel ads can look incredible. Meanwhile, upperfunnel ads almost always look worse on a CPA basis because they're doing heavier work earlier. They grab attention. They build intent and earn trust and prove authority. A lot of teams optimize by chasing a better CPA and a higher rorowaz. What they're really doing is trying to spend as much of their budget as possible at the bottom of the funnel, not by audience, but by how Meta is using their ads, which is a very important distinction. They effectively cut prospecting because it looks expensive. They keep only the ads that close. And so your CPA drops and your rorowaz goes up and everybody celebrates. But then the funnel starts shrinking. Your frequency climbs, your CPMs climb, your CAC climbs, and eventually revenue stalls because you've optimized for efficiency instead of growth. Cost per result is not a measure of how good an ad is. It's a measure of how much that ad contributed to the conversion actually happening. The lower the cost, the less work it probably did because it showed up at the end. And the higher the cost, the more work it might be doing because it's creating demand earlier in the journey. So now that we've covered all the metrics, let's talk about how to put them to work. When you use these four metric, spend, frequency, CPM, and cost per result to understand how the machine is using your ads, you are conducting a 4PI analysis. Let me give you three of the most common patterns that I look for. Two examples of an ad that is doing its job well and one huge red flag that tells you what to pause or replace with creative testing. Example number one, a great upperfunnel ad prospecting. The spend is above average. It's spending more than the other ads. The frequency is below average. Your CPM is below average compared to your other ads. It's a good attention experience. And the cost per result is probably above average. and that's normal. Cost per result can be higher as long as it's not so high that the ad becomes a liability relative to the spend that it's taking. This is the ad that creates a great first touch, and it should set up the ads that come later in the funnel. Example number two is a great lowerfunnel ad, retargeting and closing, a frequency that's higher than average, a CPM that's higher than average, and a cost per result that's better than average. Spend should be meaningful enough that it actually contributes. We don't want it to spend just enough to get one or two sales a week. It should be the highest spending thing that has a greater than average CPM and frequency. When these ads are a logical second touch to best prospecting ad, you'll often see them get even more efficient as the funnel fills. Let's talk about the red flag expensive results and the machine still loves it. If an ad has a bad cost per result, but it's still earning a ton of spend, it might be amazing at attracting the wrong kind of attention. It's getting distribution, but it's pulling in people with no intent to buy. So, it becomes a liability to the bottom line. And another version of this same red flag is frequency above average, CPM above average, but the cost per result is no better than the prospecting ads. That usually means the ad appeals to a warm audience, but doesn't convert them. So, it soaks up budget that could be going to an ad that actually improves efficiency and drives sales. Now that you can spot these patterns, the next step is simple. What do you turn off? What do you keep? And what do you test next based on your 4PI and that is what we're doing in the action item. Now, I as much as I enjoyed making it. And please go ahead and like and subscribe so you don't miss anything else. And if you want to learn more about the 4PI analysis, if you want to dive all the way into the deep end, we just dropped a brand new course in Disruptor Academy. There's a link right there so you can join. All right, with that being said, let's get back to it. Data is only ever as valuable as it is actionable. So what actions does a 4PI analysis tell us to do? There are really only two logical outcomes if you want to make the account better. Outcome number one is optimization by subtraction. This is the simplest way and honestly it's often the fastest way to scale results. Your goal is to remove an ad that's hurting the system so the budget naturally flows to the ads that are actually doing the job. You're scaling the winners without touching the budget. Because remember, we're not trying to find one winning ad to isolate, scale, and abuse until it breaks. We're trying to build the best team of ads that produces a repeatable, stable, and scalable outcome. So, if you're running a lot of ads, maybe more than eight. Start here. Find the ads that are taking meaningful spend and have clear red flags, and start turning those off. Eliminating the liability is the easiest way to get better. And outcome number two, improve the team by filling the gaps. If you don't have a clear red flag, you don't have a pause stuff problem. You have a coverage problem in the funnel. Here are the most common ways it shows up. First, everything looks fine until you raise budget. And when you scale, CPM, frequency, and cost per results all get worse across the board. That usually means you're not filling the funnel effectively enough. So, your creative testing needs to focus on stronger upperfunnel ads. Number two, when you scale, one prospecting ad soaks up all the spend, and CPR gets worse and worse. And that's usually an ad people love to watch, but it's attracting the wrong kind of attention at scale. So, the fixed isn't more budget tweaks and bidding modifications. The fix is to replace or iterate on that prospecting ad to give the machine better choices. And number three, nothing behaves like a lowerfunnel ad that can earn spend. So you don't have a closer. So you need to test for an ad with a higher frequency, higher CPM, and a better CPR, something that can convert the warm traffic that you're buying more efficiently. The easiest way to do that is to take a strong prospecting idea, and make a second touch version, same core message, but built for someone who already saw the first ad. Your job isn't to find one winning ad and abuse it until it breaks. Ad fatigue is almost always operator error. Your job is to get ads that are working together so the system stays balanced, profitable, and scalable because that balance is what lets you answer the only question that matters. Can I spend more money? With a yes. A 4PI analysis turns your ads manager into a decision engine. So now you know how to look at all the ads. I got to show you how to test more effectively so you can cover those gaps and scale your account. Every expert says to test more and more, but that only wastes more money, creates more ad fatigue, and makes scaling almost impossible. I'll show you the Olympic rings method, my five concept system built around one simple question, and how it's taken dozens of accounts from hundreds a day to thousands. Before I walk you through how all of this works, I need to show you what an ad really is. Because it's not what you think. On Instagram and Facebook, every post, paid or organic, is a web page on their site that competes for attention in the feed. Every social media feed is basically just a Google search results page where Andromeda is showing you content it thinks you'll engage with. Every single piece of content has a score called the estimated action rate based on how likely people are to do things like engage and click. And every new ad starts with a score of zero. This is where testing tons of ads begins to make everything worse. For the first few days of any new ad, your ads are always shown first to the warmest audience because those are the people most likely to engage and click and take actions on your site that you want them to. Let's take a step back real quick. The more new ads you launch, the more you invest in competition against your warmest audience. The new ads take spend and credit from your existing ones. So, the older ads look worse, and you're not filling the funnel. This means it gets more and more difficult to reach new customers, and all of your costs go up, and then you get trapped in the cycle. Results look worse, so you launch more ads, performance gets less stable, and you become more dependent on whatever new ad is getting the warm conversions today. You end up day trading the ad account. just fighting to hold the line and that's not scaling the business. If you want to make a lot more money, that doesn't make a lot of sense. Now, I know what you're thinking, Charlie. >> What about creative diversity? >> Let's clear it up because if you don't understand this, nothing else is going to fix your problem. Creative diversity is not about the volume of ads you make. Meta specifically states that Andromeda was built because so many people were launching so many ads and now it penalizes that. What Meta wants is simpler, a few ads that do different jobs. Which brings us to the method of the Olympic rings. A framework to analyze, test, and scale without undermining the ads that are already working. The Olympic rings is a fiveconcept process. Each ring is a concept. Each ring has different ads and all rings are purposefully connected. The three rings on top are your prospecting ads. The two rings on the bottom are your retargeting ads. Ring number four should be designed as the second touch for the ads in ring number one and number two. Ring number five should be designed as the second touch for ads in ring number two and number three. This structure creates a well organized framework of prospecting ads and retargeting ads. To get started, you just need five core ads, not hundreds, not spammy chaos. A small team or every ad has a job. And none of these ads have to be perfect. They just have to be good enough at their role in the system. Because when they are, Andromeda can match the right message to the right person at the right time. And that's what this is all about. Now, I hope you're enjoying watching this video as much as I enjoyed making it. And I want to take a moment and just say thank you for watching it. Go ahead and smash the like button. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't already. Ring the bell so you don't miss any future videos. And take a moment to join the Disruptor Academy where you can get for free all the assistance that you need. All the things that we talk about in this video. There's a link right there. All right, with that being said, let's get back to it. When you build your account like this, everything changes. These ads don't magically become profitable forever, but they stay stable for much longer and actually improve over time because they aren't competing for the same conversions. Every impression teaches Andromeda something useful. Which sequence of ads works on which person, when to show the problem ad versus the one with proof, and who just needs a reminder, and in what order to tell the story to get the best customer for the cheapest price. Most accounts run dozens of new ads every week, competing to be the last touch on any sale that happens. The Olympic rings is a five concept system of ads that work together to make more sales happen. That's why results get more stable. Scaling stops feeling like gambling, and you stop needing to save the account every week with a new win from a fresh creative pack. And when your traffic is more consistent in intent and quality, everything downstream gets easier. landing pages, email, even search because you can finally focus on improving the business, not day trading the ad account. Less wasted spend, higher quality customers, and more scale that finally feels inevitable instead of impossible. Alex Schultz, met a CMO in his last book, explains that when Zuckerberg talks about personalization, he's not talking about making a different ad for every single person. He's talking about the overall experience somebody gets across the feed, across all of the touch points, paid and organic. And that is the whole point of the Olympic rings. You're not trying to spam the system to hack your way into the highest rorowaz. You're giving it a small set of distinct and proven messages so it can personalize who sees what and when. Personalization is a delivery sequence problem, not a creative volume problem. So, all of this forces one simple question. When should you test new ads and how should you do it? Creative testing isn't about the next win or the cheapest sale. It's about being able to get more sales. If the balance between the rings is stable, and every time you increase the budget, the performance is consistent. You already solve the hardest problem in any ad account. The real question is, can I spend more money? If the answer is yes, I can, don't try to fix what ain't broken. You've already won. The single worst thing you could do is launch new ads. Just keep scaling. But if the answer is no, that is when creative testing matters. That is when you use a simple version of the scientific method to solve the problem. You start with a control, the system you already know works, even if it's not working well enough. Then you test one variable at a time until it is. One variable could be a new hook or a new testimonial or handling a different objection, but don't change three things at once because you'll never know what actually fixed the problem. That is what creative testing is for. Not finding the perfect ad. It's finding one small improvement that gets you back to a yes, I can spend more money without performance breaking. So instead of launching random new ideas, you look at your rings and ask one simple question. Which one of these isn't doing its job? Remember when I said creative testing isn't about finding more winners? This is why. Any winning ad can look unstoppable, but it can only carry so much weight. And if your winners don't work together, you don't have a system. You just have a bunch of isolated journeys and you've effectively built a more complicated house of cards and you've amplified the problem instead of solving it. And I've made that mistake. And this is why so many accounts struggle to scale. Testing as much as possible to find the next winning ad. But Facebook ads is a team sport. Messi is incredible, but he's not winning matches if he's on the pitch by himself. The way you win is by building a team of complimentary players, each designed for a specific job, all pushing towards the same goal, consistent, profitable growth. That's what meta rewards, that's what real creative diversity actually looks like in practice. And that's what Andromeda was built for, a system that can win again and again. And that makes your job incredibly easy. If you're not winning, improve the worst player on the team. Meta doesn't care how clever your ads are. It cares whether your system gives people a good enough experience. And if it does, your performance will be good enough to increase the budget. That is how you scale an account. The real definition of success isn't vanity metrics like rorowaz or CTR or hook rate. It's being able to say yes to the one simple question of, "Can I spend more money tomorrow?" If the answer is yes, you're winning. And if the answer is no, you do what we talked about here in this video until you get back to a yes. You don't try to hack your way to the next win. You make Andromeda your sales team. You make Meta work for you, not the other way around. How do they scale under outfit from 50K a month to a million a week in a year and a half? and how do they take 310 nutrition from 15 million a year to 98 million a year in 20 months? I'm going to show you the stupid simple three-stage system I use to scale any business. This is the new best way to scale Facebook ads. So, I'm going to share my screen here real quick and we're going to look at this ad account. We can see that we're profitable on GPT and when we look at total profit, including subscriptions and purchases, we're in a great place. We've been pushing the budget up more and more and it looks solid. So, let's just go here into the campaign level, hit edit, go to the budget, and let's triple it right there. All right, that looks good. Let's hit publish. Actually, that's a terrible idea. I'm not going to do that. If it was that easy, you'd be a millionaire right now, and you wouldn't be watching this video. But why is it that every time you increase the budget, your performance tanks? It's because scaling isn't one move. It's a system and there's a specific order it has to happen in. Think of it like building a house. You don't put the roof on before the walls are up. But that's exactly what most advertisers do. They go straight to the budget before the foundation is even there. There are three stages and they have to happen in order. Most people skip straight to stage three, budget. And that's where everything falls apart. So, we're not starting there. We're starting at the foundation. And that is stage one. Most people think growth comes from spending more money. Let's say you're getting good results, so you increase the budget and revenue goes up, but profit barely moves. Added spend without added profit is just a waste of time and money. You're not creating leverage. Scaling efficiency is about answering one stupid simple question. How do we make every dollar produce more? Because when you improve output per dollar, you make more money without spending more money. That's leverage. So, here's the three-step process to actually do it. And most people get this completely wrong. If you want to make more money, you have to track profit. Most people obsess over platform metrics or they cling to rorowaz. And that is where things break because you can have a strong rorowaz and be way less profitable. And I'll prove that in just a minute. But first, you only need four numbers. What you spent, what it cost to get a sale, what that sale was worth, and how much profit did you make. That's it. And I call that last one GPT, gross profit per transaction. For every ad you look at, stop asking what's the rorowaz, and start asking how much profit did this make. To make this stupid simple, just add GPT to your dashboard. Here's how to set it up, which brings us to step two. Look at the ads spending the most money and identify the ones making you the least profit per sale. That's where the immediate leverage is. And that brings us to step three. The easiest way to scale profits today without doing any extra work is simply to pause the worst performers first. Turning off ads is the same thing as changing the budget. So never turn off more than 20% of the spend on any day. Now your money is working harder every day so that you don't have to. So before we move on, I promised that we would bust the rorowaz math. Here are two ads selling the same product. Ad A has a CPA of 60 and an AOV of 110, so the GPT is 50. Ad B has a CPA of 40 and an AOV of 80, so the GPT is 40. One ad looks worse in rorowaz, but it's 25% more profitable on every single sale. The rorowaz doesn't matter. The business outcome is all that matters and that's the real job of scaling efficiency. I as much as I enjoyed making it. Please go ahead and hit the like button if you like the video and subscribe to the channel if you haven't already. Also, check out Disruptor Academy. There's a link right there. We just launched a brand new course on infinite scaling every single step of the way of everything that you need to know so that you can see the success that you deserve. All right, let's get back to Most people increase spend because they think things are working, but feeling profitable and being ready to scale are two very different things. Budget amplifies what exists. So, you need to know exactly what you're amplifying before you touch it. First, is your CPA and GPT relatively stable. If the answer is yes, we move on. Second, are there more bad ads you could get rid of? If the answer is yes, keep optimizing so that you can create as much leverage as possible. We don't want to scale bad ads. And if the answer is no, then we move on one more time. You ask yourself one stupid simple question. If my CPA increases by 10 or 20% tomorrow, am I still profitable? If the answer is no, then we have some more work to do. But if the answer is yes, we can begin to scale the budget with confidence. Now that you're ready to scale, we have to choose the right strategy. There are three ways to scale your budget and if you choose the wrong one, things could get ugly quick. So to choose the right method for your account, we have to ask three simple questions. How stable is your system? How confident are you in the performance? And how aggressive do you want to be? If the answer is performance is stable, I'm confident in the outcome and I just want to grow without breaking anything. The right method is linear scaling. And that's where we're going to start. Linear scaling is the simplest method. You add a fixed amount to your budget on a regular schedule. I love using automated rules for this. Here's how to do it. So, instead of doubling your spend overnight, you might add $10 to $50 a day. The advantage is stability, and over time, each increase becomes a smaller and smaller percentage of your overall budget. So, the system gets more and more stable and easier to manage. Your entire job becomes as simple as making sure that $10 more tomorrow is totally fine. The downside is that it's slow by design. Linear scaling is right when your system is stable and protecting that stability matters more than growing fast. And while it might not sound like a lot, adding just $10 a day means that one year from now you'll be easily spending over $3,000 more every single day. Now, fractional scaling. If you're willing to be more aggressive, fractional scaling is the faster method. Instead of adding a fixed amount, you increase your budget by a percentage on a regular schedule. Again, here's how to do it. So, instead of adding $10 every day, you might increase by 2% daily. The advantage is speed. Because you're using percentages, every increase is bigger than the last one. And the bigger your budget, the faster it compounds. The downside is volatility. Fractional scaling moves much faster than linear, which means the system has way less time to absorb each increase. The faster you grow, the less stable things get. Fractional scaling is right when you are dramatically beating your goal. And while 2% doesn't sound like a lot, you could 6x your daily budget in 90 days while protecting profitability, and that is incredible. Linear scaling and fractional scaling are excellent to get you to that next level, but eventually results plateau, and you have to turn those rules off. And that brings us to my favorite method, marginal scaling. Instead of adding a fixed amount or fixed percentage daily, you scale based on whether your current performance has earned it. So instead of increasing on a schedule, you set a rule like if my CPA over the last seven days is below my target, increase the budget by a small percentage, but never by more than the profit margin allows. So for instance, if my target CPA is 50 bucks, I'm currently coming in at a 45, I can scale by 5%. And if I get no additional sales, I'm still profitable. Marginal scaling is right. If your system is mature and your target CPA is clearly defined and you want the account to scale itself when performance is good enough to support it. Scaling up is a lot of fun, but what do you do when your CPA jumps 30% overnight and your every instinct is to just start fixing everything? So, now I'm going to show you a stupid simple three-step way to scale down without killing your winners, so you can stabilize before sprinting to the next plateau. Step one is always optimization, not budget. Go back to your ads, find the ones with the worst GPT, and turn them off. Let the budget reallocate to your strongest performers, and give this system a chance to fix itself before you touch spend. Nine times out of 10, the problem isn't the budget, it's how Andromeda decided to use it. Fix that first. Step two is evaluation. If you've optimized and performance is still dropping, that's when you look at budget, but you only act when performance is clearly and consistently outside your acceptable range. You don't react to a bad day. Those happen. If every week is GETTING BETTER, THE BAD DAY IS JUST NOISE. Don't forget how far you've already come. And step three is reduction. Scale down at half the speed you scale up. If you were increasing by 10%, reduce by five. If you were adding 50 bucks a day, you pull back by 25. And then you wait. Don't touch anything for at least 48 to 72 hours. Let the spend redistribute. Let the strong ads take over. Let performance tell you what it needs before you make another move. Facebook made a massive algorithm update in April, and I'll tell you what, it has been wrecking havoc with business owners who advertise on Meta, including Facebook and Instagram. I'm going to break down exactly what the change was and how to combat this so that you're not left behind. All right, so let's go ahead and get started. I'm going to share my screen real quick. Okay, so the update was that Meta killed the flexible ad. You're already seeing the alert for this inside of your own dashboard. When this update was announced, I reached out to my friends on the Meta Engineering and Product teams, and this is the email they sent me. And then they gave me all of the internal training docs that Metal Reps will be taught in May. Here they are. And I got to tell you, it's really exciting. The first mistake that people make here, this workflow only appears on new ads. So, you can't edit old ads. So, you need to create a new ad to use it. Now, once you're at the ad level, this is where things start to look a little different. Here, you're going to click set up creative. Then you choose image or video. Like flex ads, dco, and dynamic creative beforehand. You can upload multiple images and videos all inside of one ad. Everything now just lives inside of this one system. Now, here's where most people go wrong. They upload random creative packs after pack after pack built around some general idea. Instead, you want to be intentional. You'll notice that you can upload up to 10 creatives here. Don't upload more than three. You'll see image tab and video tab. And while you can toggle between them, these ads should only be of one format. Each ad is a test. Every test should answer a question like which hook is the best, which image format converts best. If you mix formats, you're testing to see if you can get lucky. Luck is not a business model. Mixed ads will fatigue. You want results, not excuses. All right, moving on. You're going to want to check your crops. It's really easy to speedrun through this little one step and waste a ton of money on ads that will never work. So, to do it, hover over your media, click crop, and adjust square, vertical, and horizontal. Facebook will auto adjust, but you should always double check. And quick note, because believe it or not, Facebook has your back. You can do this both in the wizard and also within the ad after you publish. Next, we'll get to our text and image generation steps. For the text gen, if you have copy you want to use, just go ahead and ignore this. But if you just want to test an idea and don't really know what your copy should be, I fully recommend taking the text of your landing page and using it as a source and letting the meta AI write you five new sets of copy to use. I've been doing this for nearly a year now, and it's an incredible way to help brands get their first ads running, or to help test new products or go fishing for new angles that you might want to more fully explore later without dedicating a full workflow and team and a ton of resources to the project. And because the machine knows who likes what, the ability for Andromeda to match the right copy with the right person is staggering. This is also killer for brands with a lot of offers and SKs like print on demand, clothing outfits, supplements, general stores, or even drop shippers and affiliates just hunting for opportunity. And now for the image gen. And I'll be honest, the preview Meta gives don't do the tool any justice. You can use this to create a whole suite of options. I've been testing this with Meta support now for over a year and I'm very happy to report that these ads absolutely go head-to-head with any AI image maker I've used and a LOT OF DEDICATED SHOPS TOO. When I have a model in the shop, it'll even give me dozens more to choose from. It has contacts to the vertical and other advertisers. It's a cheat code and it's free. And like text gen because the machine knows who responds to what could be creative. The ability for Andromeda to match the right image to the right person again is staggering. Now, you do have to prune away the things that don't work. Don't just blindly trust artificial intelligence. Okay? And yes, sometimes the text gets weird, but I've absolutely used this with brands that only had product renders and built out complete campaigns that convert and scale using nothing but AI. And again, it was free and took 5 minutes to create the text and the images and to prune the things and launch it. The last option here is the enhancements. There is a huge list of options that you might see depending on what you're doing and where you are. By the way, if you want me to do a video where I break down each one, let me know in the comments down below. But for now, here's a simple checklist of what to use and what to avoid. Yes to visual touch-ups, to relevant comments, to brightness and contrast, and yes to dynamic descriptions. And I highly highly recommend that you avoid enhanced CTAs, overlays, anything to do with image or background or text, music, and never the site links. Again, in the comments, if you have a question about a specific enhancement, I'll be happy to address it. And in Disruptor Academy, I'm finishing up a full cheat sheet for every single enhancement and their formats, use cases, and risk levels. The link is in the description, and we will be raising the price soon. So get in now if you want it. Now for the first update that really shivers my timbers. You can customize every combination. Crop, placement, copy, URL. Before all the ads in the Flexer Dynamic Creative shared the same settings. Now you can customize each iteration inside the same ad. They've opened up Pandora's box and you can control everything and the opportunities are endless. This is a massive upgrade. You can now control where each creative shows up. For example, you might want one creative in feeds but not in reels. You might want a specific variation for Instagram and another in Facebook. You might want one set of copy to show up in one place and another to show up someplace else. You can turn off placement at any level of the asset. And with the destination option, you could support multiple funnels in one ad. Perhaps you have three creators and each has their own landing page and give them all the same script. You could route each creative from each creator to their own dedicated funnel in a way that was never possible before. And [snorts] for the lead genen and SAS folks, you might notice that Instagram mobile traffic behaves very differently than a Facebook desktop. And you can control platform and placement and then route that traffic to a dedicated user experience. This gives you full control without needing separate ads. We have been begging for this since I don't know at least 2018. And also also no more of those annoying carousels. [laughter] The second update is a wet dream. Finally, you'll get reporting for each element. We haven't seen this since iOS 14, and now it's standard. Now, this is all super exciting, but with great power comes great responsibility. Before you smash publish, you absolutely need to check your previews. So, use the preview option, turn on the ad preview, and hit advanced preview. Look at how each creative variation appears across all the placements in the way that you want it. Because something that looks good in one place might break in another. The more things that you've changed and customized, the more likely it is something's broken. Now, once everything looks good, you just hit publish. And this is where it gets complicated. And that's what I'm going to show you at the end. It's going to be super cool. By the way, if you want to get your hands on these materials, they're free in my community on School Disruptor Academy. Link is down below. But I'm going to share with you guys now on my screen, which I'm very excited about the campaign structure of how we're going to be testing this. So, we have three general trends. We have the alpha guru spammer style made famous by guys like Jeremy Haynes where you have one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign with 50 ads in an ad set and then you isolate the winners and dupe the ad set and you launch three new ads at a time until you end up with hundreds of ads that all fatigue quickly. Performance is rarely stable and you're just hunting for any win hoping it works long enough for you to get your money back. Then we have the Sam Hilliero and Ben Heath style which Sam calls the M3 or M4 method which is basically just my bucket based CBO method from 2018 and Tim Bird borrowed it and rebranded it as cloud CBO a year later. This is where you have a CBO campaign with new ad sets launched weekly or so with five to 20 ads in each and spend minimums on everything where you then copy the winners to interest groups and retargeting and retention campaigns and you scale based on platform rorowaz and hope for the best while generating a ton of noise and giving the machine almost no data to truly stabilize and optimize and deliver consistent quality or volume of traffic. And this style absolutely works if the goal is to make the agency report look good right up until the whole funnel is depleted and the whole business tanks because this style usually bets on scaling mid and lowerfunnel ads that fatigue faster and faster without refilling the bucket. And lastly, we have the one campaign method that I invented like 5 years ago and it's championed by everyone from Neil Patel to Spencer, the goat of school. Now, the reason they all love it is because this style requires the fewest amount of ads and takes the least amount of work to manage. Instead of day trading the ad account, people can work on their business and enjoy their life. If you're in an operator of capacity, this is the easiest way to make a lot more money. And this is what we're going to use for these ads because the one campaign method, unlike the other two, was built on dynamic creative and flex ads, specifically 322 ads, which historically is the most stable and scalable ad type with the least ad fatigue. And this new workflow was built to replace that one best tool. In the modern version of this that we now call Andromeda 1, which is a CBO campaign, we have one ad set with our most consistent ads, no less than four and no more than eight at a time. And using a simple 4PI analysis, we can see which ads are good at their job and which ones aren't. Based on things like daily frequency, spend share, and CPM while optimizing for gross profit per transaction instead of rorowaz. Remember, rorowaz isn't money. You can't pay bills with ratio. You can't buy whiskey with fractions. You need currency. In this build, we have a control ad set of like four to eight ads and then a test ad set using multimedia creative workflow ads. And when we launch new ads in this test ad set within our CBO, we look to see if they earn spend and if they do, what ads from the control ad set get less spent and did the overall performance across the entire business get better or worse because of it. This way, we set a baseline. We introduce a change and we measure the impact. It's a simple scientific method. The only real change with this new multimedia creative workflow is that if we wanted to be more granular, we can. And if we don't have any idea what will work and we don't have four to eight good ads yet, we can use the test and image gen tools or the heavy customization options to truly constrain or massively widen the set of options that we are letting the machine make for us. If we know what works, take more control. If we don't, we let the machine do the work. Meta's new update just made every AI tool that you're paying for completely unnecessary. If you're still using ChatGpt or Cloud to build your ad creative, that changes today. I'm going to show you exactly what Meta just released. how Meta's new tool already knows what will convert before you spend a single dollar and how to use it live inside an ad account so you can make better ads faster without any other tools. This is really really exciting. Okay, let me share my screen real quick. Meta just launched a new end toend creative solution and it's actually seriously powerful. When Meta released this, I went straight to my contacts on the engineering team and this is what they sent me. This isn't just a basic AI ad creator. It lives inside the creation process. It learns what's working and it builds from that in real time. Here's [snorts] what's really interesting. It's not just learning from your own account. It's referencing what's already converting across your entire niche. Instead of guessing which angle is going to land or what design might work, the AI already has a read on what's actually working inside your market right now. That is a wildly unfair advantage. You're not testing in the dark. You're not guessing. You're leveraging what's already working for everybody else. The machine does all the hard work so that you don't have to. The other thing the brand memory solves is the number one complaint I hear about AI ads. It doesn't feel like my brand. Brand memory learns your rules, your tone, your voice, and even what to avoid, so every creative it generates stays consistent at scale without you having to police it manually. All right, let's jump into a live ad account. I'm going to show you exactly how this works using my friend Anita's brand, Apothecary Me. So, the first thing we need to do to create an ad is pull up her website and we're going to promote her five-star flagship product, the number one illuminate face oil. Now, we're going to grab the URL for this product page and we're going to bring it into our ads manager. So, here's a new ad that we're going to set up and we're going to put this into the source URL. Then, we're going to take the product shots from our Shopify page and we're going to add them into the ad account. These are going to be what we use for permutations. Today, I'll give you the example using the first one. And for this ad, for the primary text, we're just going to scrub the landing page. And I'm going to use the description below the add to cart button for our primary text. And I'm okay with leaving the headline blank because we're just going to send people to this landing page. And Facebook is going to be able to pull in a headline for us from the metadata. And that brings us to the image generation tab, which if you notice has a really great refined look. What's working for you and how can we make it better? You'll also see a popular in your niche section. So, this is popular in beauty. And you'll see something that's performance-based. When you're running conversion ads, look at that high return on ad spend. And these look pretty good. What's popular in beauty and high return on ad spend is based on what's working across the niche from everybody else running ads. If you look at it, these are essentially plugandplay. So, a best practice here is that you can make one variation from each one of these sections and essentially be able to print three 322 ads from right here alone. The one default product image has made us way more than we need it to and it's right out of the box. This takes minutes and it's completely native. So, let's go ahead and select three high return on ad spend options. I also want to show you this edit function because you have prompts. You can absolutely change some of this stuff if you wanted. Now, when you select edit here, you'll see a high-res preview. If for any reason the product has a weird thing going on in the text, which is the most common mistake that we see with AI, you can download this and then simply upload these to Gemini, give it your default product shot, have it fixed, download it, throw it into Canva, and magic erase that little star and throw it back into the ads manager. Now, of course, that's a little bit of work, but it's so easy to do, and you're not going to have to test hundreds of ads. These are the ones you know will work. The other really cool thing here is that after you hit next, it can generate videos for you. It'll do so in styles that work for your niche, including UGC, which is crazy. Now, let's check out these videos because I really want you to see what is just coming out of the box, again, for free in seconds that you can do natively and is built on already proven concepts. Now, I got to be honest, the people in this AI look great. And of course, you have the edit function. Currently, the edit will allow you to reorder the clips in the video. So, if there's just something that doesn't work, you can get rid of it. Perhaps it's a product shot that immediately brings in some UGC or in this case skin care showing a person. We might not want to make that claim that that's why they look this way. So, we can just get rid of it. And you also have the option of changing the music. If you wanted to, you could swap it out. And just like the image generation, you can download these videos. Perhaps you want to do a voice over. Awesome. It's all right here for you. And if you don't like it, just hit generate more videos. Or perhaps you just hit generate more and make 10 more videos right inside the box in a matter of minutes. Every single one of which is built on proven ad concepts. I don't know how much easier you need it to be. Also, when you hit generate more videos, it shows you all the images that you can use to generate the videos because we've given it our website and our landing page. It's scrubbing that to find source material, which is amazing. Plus, if you have any reviews or any customers or anything where somebody has taken a picture of themselves with your product, you can upload it right here and it'll bake it into the video for you, which again is amazing. I've seen big success here just taking images of the product and also happy customers from the review section and making videos from it. It's insanely easy. And after that, you have your opportunity for enhancements. And I think everybody sort of has their own opinion. If you'd like me to do a video on the value of each enhancement and what you should use and what you shouldn't use and what they all mean, let me know. I've got a ton of internal data on this and I'd love to share it with you. But drop a comment if you want to see that video next. That took relatively speaking no time at all. If you were to go to Claude or Chat GPT or Higsfield or any other AI resource, instead of publishing multiple ads right now, you'd be working through a prompt to hopefully get one usable concept and you would have no idea if that thing would actually work. Here, we've already built images. We've built videos. We've leveraged market information. So our confidence level around what we're using can be so much higher. The truth is the machine is telling us what the people who use the machine want to see based around the people who are making money with ads and the ads that they're using. This is completely unfair and I love it. Facebook just quietly pushed an update that is the single GREATEST FIX TO RISING CUSTOMER ACQUISITION costs I have seen in years [snorts] and no ONE ELSE IS TALKING about it. I'm going to show you exactly what it is and how to take advantage of it before everyone else catches on. I'm going to update is that Meta launched the customer life cycle strategy. You're already seeing the alert for this inside of your own dashboard. When this update was announced, I reached out to my friends on the Meta engineering and product teams, and this is the email they sent me. Then they gave me all the internal training docs that Meta reps will be taught in August. Here's how it works. When you create a new sales campaign, you'll see a new option at the adset level called customer life cycle strategy. And the fact that that lives here is the whole point. This isn't a creative tweak. It's not something you fix later after performance takes. It's a delivery strategy decision. So, you open up the drop down and you'll see an option that says acquire new customers. This is what I've watched a lot of beta testers and experts click. But it's not that simple. There's a few extra things that you need to do. So, let's get into it. Once you select acquire new customers, the next place people mess this up is exclusions. And this part isn't optional if you actually care about the output. And it's way more in depth than you might think. The biggest mistake here is relying on one week signal. You want both sides of the exclusion set up. Customer list exclusions, that's your backend truth, and website exclusions based on the purchase event. That's your pixel truth. Under exclude audiences, open your existing customers and then add a customer list, custom audience. And this is where I want you to slow down. Depending on your business, you may need multiple lists. All customers are not the same as high-v valueue customers. Refunded, charged back, and disqualified buyers very different. One-time buyers versus subscribers and repeat purchases are also completely different lists, or they should be. If you treat all the customers the same, you're going to train the system with just terrible data. The better your customer definitions are, the better your exclusions can be and the better these campaigns will perform. Now, don't skip ahead, but when we hit the best practices chapter later, I'll show you a fun little exclusion trick that can make your new customer campaigns pull in higher quality first-time buyers, not just people who haven't bought before. And that is a cheat code, especially to your contribution margin and LTV. We'll get more on that in a little bit. Now, the other big update here is purchase event website audiences. And this is a really big deal that again nobody's talking about. Meta now lets purchase custom events support a retention window of up to 730 days. Meaning you can exclude purchasers going back 2 years. And that matters because existing customer [clears throat] isn't the same for every business. For a subscription or consumable brand, supplements, skincare, coffee, whatever, someone who bought 60 or 90 days ago is clearly still an existing customer. But for something with a long repurchase cycle like a mattress or a luxury watch or some high ticket service, someone who bought 12 to 18 months ago might basically be cold again. So don't blindly choose the longest window just because it feels safer. Choose the window that matches your actual customer life cycle. It's in the name of the product. Let's respect that because the goal here isn't longer is better. And later again in the best practice section, I'll show you how to use this same windowing idea for win back too. So you're not just excluding smarter, you're also bringing the right customers back at the right time. Now, here's the thing that's going to throw a lot of people off. Once you set this up, delivery is going to change. Audience sizes and performance, CPMs and CPA, even the types of people that Meta goes after. Before Meta basically had permission to take the path of least resistance, which often means people who already know you, people who already visited your sites, people already on your list, and sometimes people who already bought and are likely to buy again. When you select acquire new customers and you configure exclusions properly, you're making that easy path harder. So yes, the numbers will move, but that does not automatically mean that performance got worse. And this is where measurement becomes the whole game. Because if you don't have a clean way to answer, was this purchase a new customer? This feature gets confusing fast. And it's way more in-depth than just the customer segments on your breakdown. At a minimum, you need one source of truth that can separate new customer purchases from existing customer purchases. And if you're at scale, a measurement partner can help, too. Whether it's Ammerst or Popsicle, Elevar, Blotout, use whatever fits. I don't care which one. I care that you can answer the basic question. Did this campaign actually acquire a new customer? If you can't measure new customers today, don't turn this on yet. Fix measurement first. If you can't tell with a column inside of your dashboard whether you're getting new customers or not, you have no idea what's actually happening. A quick tip, if you're looking at new versus engaged versus existing customers, you're not actually measuring CAC. You're measuring something completely different. But that's another video for another day. Your job is to give the system better instructions and better truth and to be able to quantify the outcome of your actual business objectives. And that brings us to the best practices. I made a couple promises earlier. Let's deliver. Because once you understand what the setting really is, your finance department will appreciate the button you clicked [clears throat] inside the ads manager. So number one, our first best practice is to maximize prospecting accuracy with exclusions. Combine [clears throat] exclusions wherever you can. Website audiences, mobile app audiences, customer list, campaign level exclusions where it makes sense. You're trying to cover your bases to make sure that the machine isn't accidentally filling your new customer campaign with people who are very much not new. And here's the fun trick I teased earlier because this is where you can scale the value of your growth, not just the volume. Instead of one giant exclude customers bucket, use tiered exclusions. So you're not only filtering out existing customers, you're also protecting the system from the obvious edge cases that contaminate the data. The goal is your new customer campaigns pull in higher quality first-time buyers, not just people who haven't bought before. That is extremely important. Second best practice is signal quality and freshness. This is boring, but it matters. Get your match scores as high as possible. If it's not at least an eight and a half, you have work to do. Use strong identifiers. It's not just email, phone, and mobile ad ID. You need to also update your customer lists frequently, dynamically. A stale list is not a source of truth. It's a historical artifact. It's a retroactive report card. If your list is old, incomplete, or messy, Meta's understanding of your existing customers is going to be old, incomplete, and messy, too. Third best practice, structure your customer lists for success. This is where I think most brands have a huge opportunity. And again, something nobody else is talking about. Don't just have one giant list called customers that tells the system and you almost nothing. Use labels, customers versus leads, high value versus low value, one-time purchasers versus repeat buyers, refunded chargebacks, disqualified versus good buyers. Because over time, Meta's life cycle tools are only going to get more important. And if your back-end data is a junk drawer, you're going to be limited by your own mess. Plus, that means you can optimize for different itemized business objectives. Your fourth best practice is measurement. You need one strong source of truth for new customer actions. It needs to be a column in your ad account. Something that says this is a new customer purchase. And often I use browser and server signals to back each other up. And you need a thirdparty tool to do this even if it's Zapier. Because nothing is worse than launching a new customer campaign and realizing that the data you're looking at with new and engaged and existing customers isn't actually how you track any of this. And your fifth best practice is to optimize for your most valuable actions wherever possible. Don't just optimize for a purchase. Standard events are for entrylevel marketers. Optimize for custom conversion events that represent your most valuable customers. That might be new customer purchase. It might be new customer purchase over some dollar amount. Maybe it's new customer purchase with a specific product. Maybe it's new customer purchase that hits your contribution margin threshold. Because the goal isn't to get more net new customers on paper. The goal is to acquire the right net new customers for your business so you become somebody that shifts from trying to sell products to somebody who's buying cash flow. And here's a really important nuance. Don't treat exclusions like a blunt instrument. Just because somebody spent a penny before doesn't mean they can't spend $100 later. So, don't build exclusions that permanently block low value customers from ever being eligible. Instead, use your optimization and measurement to promote the behaviors you want without writing off people who could become high value later. Just exclude the high-value ones. That's how you get more new high-value people. And one last reminder, if you optimize for new customers but measure blended CPA, you're going to be wrong about all of your data every single time. Now, a quick win back note because this is where that 730day window gets really interesting. You can use those purchase event windows to decide when somebody stops being hot and becomes winback eligible just like you do on email. So, you're not treating a 30-day buyer and an 18-month buyer like the same person. That's how you protect your new customer campaign from getting diluted while also having a clean and intentional way to bring back past buyers when it actually makes sense. So, let's talk about strategic implications. Here's the practical way to think about this because one of the hardest things to separate inside of the Facebook ad account has always been, are we actually growing the business, or are we just harvesting demand from people already in our ecosystem? So, this matters a lot if you're in a world like consumables and subscriptions, TTOC brands with a real LTV curve, or lead genen, where cheap leads don't mean good customers. This setting gives you a much cleaner way to tell Meta, "Go find new people, use my customer data, use my purchase exclusions, use my definition of an existing customer, and optimize towards the most valuable net new customers." But let's be clear, this isn't a magic button. This is not a substitute for good data. This is not a substitute for good creative, and it's definitely not a substitute for knowing your margins and what a customer is actually worth. Because the cheapest customer is often the person who is already going to buy or the one who is least valuable. And the most valued customer is often one you haven't trained the machine to go get. And this is what this update is really really about. Meta is giving advertisers a way to express life cycle intent inside the campaign itself. It's not just get me purchases, but get me the kind of purchases that expand my customer base to scale my cash flow. Use it correctly and you're going to get much more effective and efficient customer acquisition. But if you're lazy, it's just going to make your reporting messier. So, let me show you the exact checklist I use to decide when to turn this on and when to leave it off. And I'm also going to give you my practical recommendation for your situation based on how much you're spending because the right way to use this at $100 a day is not the same as a way to use it when you're spending $10,000 a day. Let's get into some real context. So, here's the checklist. Create a new sales campaign. Go to the adset level. Find the customer life cycle strategy section. Select acquire new customers. and configure the customer list exclusions and configure website purchase event exclusions. Choose the retention window that matches your business model. Make sure your customer list is fresh and dynamic. Set up new customer measurement. Watch new customer CPA CAC, not just blended CPA overall. and evaluate the campaign based on what you actually asked it to do. Because that's the theme of all of these new meta tools. The more control meta takes over the mechanics, the more important your inputs become. Your data, your exclusions, your customer definitions, your measurement, and your economics. The machine is going to get better and better at showing the right ad to the right person. But it can't fix a bad business. And one expectation that will save you a lot of stress. understand that this is going to optimize for incremental attention. So, it's very likely that you're going to see an impact ripple, a halo effect across search and email as well as social because now you're pushing meta to find people who weren't already on the about to buy path. And don't judge this on day one. You haven't trained it to do this job well yet. So, it won't be nearly as good at the end of the first week as it will be at the end of the first month. Give it time to stabilize and expect the ads that work here to look a little bit different than the ones you run elsewhere. This is a different objective. These are slightly different customers in different places in the journey based on your ad spend. Here's how I think you should be using this. Let's break it down into some tiers. So, if you're spending $100 a day or less, set everything up as we showed you here, but don't optimize for new customers yet. Use the new customer conversion event as a column in your dashboard so you can make better creative and budget decisions. You can optimize manually and teach the machine and the account how to get better at the job. At this spend level, you typically don't have enough volume to take advantage of this. And you'll pay a really high premium in learning costs that probably won't show up at the end of the day as profit in your balance sheet. If you're spending $100 to $500 a day, you can test optimizing for new customers with what we've talked about today. But right now, honestly, it's still a bit of a luxury item. It can cost you more to test and take you much longer to interpret unless your incremental tracking is absolutely rock solid. If it were me, I'd wait till this feature has matured a bit. Let bigger spenders train the system and use all of their money to help Meta get a lot smarter. First adopters pay a lot more. You don't have to. Now, if you're spending a,000 to 2500, I think this is a worthwhile test if you have robust incrementality measurement across all channels and a clearly defined most valuable new customer and you can measure it. This is where the feature can actually become a strategic lever, not just a reporting problem. Now, if you're spending more than that, I think this is a great idea to try, but I wouldn't rush it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kindermd7 [2 likes]: Sorry, maybe I've missed it, but do you usually launch only one Ad per Adset (in 3-2-2 method)? or do you launch multiple ads within 1 adset in 3-2-2 method? Thanks!
  2. @rexglenn_ [2 likes]: Can you show how to "pull" the winning post ID from a 3-2-2 flexible ad?
  3. @souzaimports1124 [2 likes]: Thanks! Brazil here
  4. @ratchapongolaranont556 [2 likes]: Close to my theory , but i prefer using 4:1:1 using mental stage creative team up. It will share learning and increase over all EAR so i can reduce bidcap to maximized profit and still stable
  5. @juanduran5892 [2 likes]: Omg thanks
  6. @Muhammad-c4k2m [1 likes]: Hi from Dubai need to ask still your volume 1 and 2 is relevant for beginners to start after completing those video jump to this video
  7. @PatrickUnrath [1 likes]: but is the Meta CPA "real" because of attribution?
  8. @Zainora-c7t [1 likes]: Facebook Ads...wasting our money!
  9. @Learncrux [1 likes]: Hi Charley, great video.

But I still have a question.

If I have an ad in my control ad set and a 3:2:2 ad set, and I scale up until I see that performance plateaus,

What should I do at that point?

Should I move the winning ad from the 3:2:2 ad set to the control ad set? And then run a new 3:2:2 test?

Thanks.
  10. @navjotsingh9796 [1 likes]: Can you please confirm you have opened campaign and show as adset 1 adset 2 adset 3. Are not these campaigns ?
  11. @jendoubianis5323 [1 likes]: for the 322 flex ad, let's talk about the 3 creatives should they be different angles, different concepts or the same concepts different messages ? bofu, mofu or bofu or each one on each level ?  still i don't understand this part thank you charley for explaining this !
  12. @3790mt [1 likes]: Howdy Charley, quick question. Why aren't you including COGS before advertising costs? Traditionally, gross profit is calculated after Cost of Goods Sold and before operating expenses like ad spend. Without including COGS, the numbers can make the ads appear more profitable than they actually are. Am I missing something, or are you using a different marketing metric rather than accounting gross profit?
  13. @13topher37 [1 likes]: This is great! Could you please explain incremental conversions feature in next video?
  14. @DirkBroek-z7k [1 likes]: 17:08 , 2 simple qeustions:

1. when you harvest a 3-2-2 off the post id do you need to make a second adset called control and put it there, and turn it off after it got spend in the control?

2.  If youre winner is one of the 3 t shirts you showed in the beginning, what would be your next test ad something total different or same style just diferent background. like how to unlock 4-5 post id's if you sell a shirt, like do you do more of what already won for example making more statics like the one that won, or come complete different if you validated 1 static and style? Could you give me a small example with that white shirt and pink text if you validated one of them what would be your next test or isn't that the case at that point and do you only need to scale or what?
  15. @digi_service-n4o [1 likes]: Please add an Arabic voiceover, my friend. ❤

- Meta's CMO on AI Ads and Rising Meta Ad Costs: Kind: captions Language: en I've been given an opportunity that most marketers would bite your hand off for, a chance to interview Meta's CMO, Alex Schultz. I'm going to be asking him about AI, the current state of Meta advertising, and [music] what's coming around the corner. But first, I've got a flight to catch. It's not often you get to speak to someone who is undeniably one of the top marketers in the world currently. You're CMO of Meta, it's one of the biggest marketing jobs there is. This video is sponsored by HubSpot. More about them later. So, your primary responsibility as CMO is, I'm assuming, more users across the Meta apps. >> Not just the apps, also the glasses, also the reality labs headsets. >> Okay. >> And also within the apps, different features of the apps. But they are fundamentally use our products more. >> Actually, reduce it right down. Okay. Does that extend to acquiring more advertisers as well? >> 100%. Actually, advertiser growth and pages growth is the one thing I have done for my entire job. I was hired to do pages and advertiser growth in 2007, and I still do. >> Wow. I heard you say before that you had a cadence where you focused on like Instagram one year, then Facebook, then WhatsApp. Is that still like the primary focus? >> Yeah, it really depends where the business is. So, this year, I am actually primarily focused on AI, and it sounds like so cliché, but like, look, we got these huge AI investments, we need to make them real. So, the biggest thing I'm focused on now is Meta business agents, the sort of AI customer service sales, uh rep thing we've built, um and growing that. That's my number one focus right now. >> I want to ask about that in a second. Before I do that, on the acquiring more advertisers, cuz that's primarily, you know, people who follow me are advertisers. Are you trying to convince Meta users that use the apps say for business purposes to advertise, or bring them in totally from outside, and make sure to like, what does that look like? >> So, there's this thing called the KX funnel. It's named after this guy, Konstin Jin, right? Who is no longer with the company. He was with the company like, it longer than me. Amazing guy, and we came up with it early on, and the the was first you need to get someone to use our products. Then they have to use our products organically to promote their business. Then they buy an ad. To this day, we leverage that funnel. Yeah. Like you're never a successful advertiser if you haven't used our products first. So, absolutely it's about converting existing users to use it as a business, and then businesses to buy ads. >> So, are you familiar with the Meta Megaphone Partner Program for creators specifically? >> I mean, some of it. Like we have a lot of creator programs and I get confused. So, it is possible I'll get confused about which specific program. >> I just wondered if there were any thoughts around like what you're going to do with creators in terms of maybe acquiring more advertisers or probably more specifically thinking about our audience, it's probably like reactivating old advertisers would be more of a an application. That's probably a selfish question to be honest. >> Well, no. For creators, actually my main focus isn't about leveraging creators as a way to get more advertisers. My focus is getting advertisers to switch their spend to creators because advertisers are getting better ROI. Google's seeing this, too, by the way. They're getting better ROI when they're doing authentic stuff with creators and then boosting them as ads. Yeah. So, because we're seeing those good results, my job is to get businesses to use the Instagram Meta Marketplace to match with advertisers. Like that's my key. >> Okay, on that topic then, I've been saying to people a lot, work with creators. I'm seeing consistently across businesses I look at, often their best performing ad in ad account will be a creator ad. Be 100% 100%. So, what do you think businesses who haven't yet taken that step should be looking out for in terms of the creators they should work with? >> Yeah, I mean, I think the thing that we found is that it's most people end up focusing on reach. >> Yeah. >> And saying, can I go to the biggest creator? Yeah. And what we've found is actually it's about authenticity and match of content to who you want to target. Because as an advertiser, you're paying to boost the creator. >> So, like if you've got a really good authentic connection and you can let the creator be authentic with their audience for the ad, and then you can buy the sponsored ad, you'll be successful. If you're just going for a big creator, but you're then like really trying to manipulate what they're saying to fit with you because it's not actually that good a match. Like that's going to go far, far worse. I would say focus on authentic match that you can boost with ads as a business, not focus on reach first. >> I imagine that Meta is very much walking the walk on this. Like you guys are working with creators to acquire more users and things like that, right? >> We have a thousand creators we're working with. >> Wow. >> Like so so like the glasses like we are really creator first. But also Instagram growth. Like when you grow Instagram, what's the best thing about Instagram? Creators. >> And your friends. And so like we're not promoting your friends to you, so we're promoting creators. And so yeah. >> I'll get back to my chat with Alex in a second, but first, one of the best ways to improve your Meta ad results is to model from ads that are already proven to work. To help you do exactly that, HubSpot and I have put together a free resource of tried and true templates I've seen work time and time again. Each one includes the hook, body copy, and CTA, so you can take the structure, make it your own, and start testing straight away. My favorite part is that these templates are organized by business type. E-commerce, local business, lead generation, and SaaS. So no matter what kind of business you're advertising, you can find templates that are relevant to you. There's a link in the description below to grab it for free, and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video. >> In your book, which is fantastic by the way, >> Thank you. >> you talk a lot about principles being timeless. One of the questions I had was what worked really well in say 1990 that still works well today? >> The best example, and it's too easy, is database marketing. I like to use Tesco's as the example with the club card. >> When they got the database updated so that they could know a person and actually understand for that person like where do they live? >> They were able to match when a store's usage dropped because a competitor opened in the area. Now you're like, well that's really obvious. Why is Tesco special on that? Tesco special on that because the way the club card worked was they mailed you the discounts. Other club cards you got the cash off at the till. But Tesco's fundamental innovation is they needed your address. So they made sure you had to give them an accurate up-to-date address. >> Yeah, okay. >> So, they were way, way, way more efficient when they had a competitor store come into the same region at deploying their coupons against the actual people who'd gone to the competitor rather than just spraying and praying. That kind of thing, like making sure you have the right data in your database to do the targeting was 1990s relevant, it's 2020s relevant. >> The inverse of that almost, what are things that people are saying, "This is new, the new shiny thing you should be doing." that actually is just a new iteration of something that already exists. What comes to mind? >> I mean, for me, a lot of the AI stuff is actually just an iteration. So, it sounds crazy, but like let's use the same example, like direct mail. Yeah, like if you're doing meta business agents, which I'm really excited about and I think are amazing, they're still not that new. Like it's the same thing as you go back to Glen Gary Glen Ross, where are the good leads? >> You can't close the leads you're given. You can't close >> You need a person whose phone number you have. Okay, it's not their personal home address or their email address, but it's the same thing. You need to have information about them so that you can actually say the right thing to them. You need to Okay, in this case, the first couple of turns are going to be done by an AI, not a sales rep, but a lot of the underlying like fundamentals are all the same as far as marketing. And at the very end, the channel in this case is an AI that never sleeps and can perfectly answer the questions to your clients. But all the stuff upstream is exactly the same. >> You mentioned around agents. I wanted to ask about that and specifically how you think that will affect advertising. Like what does an AI even look like in 5 years, let's say? >> I mean, I think it's going to be a distribution. So, there are going to be ads that are just shown to agents. Clearly, there are going to be ads that are just shown to agents. Right now, if you ask Open Clora or whatever what it wants to host it, right? Where do you want to buy your hosting for yourself? It selects something based on what it's been trained on and it's got preferences that are totally associated with the researchers that have used it. Not not in a biased way, but like or associated with like what's going on right now. At some point it will go out and look at a database and say, "Okay, which one do I want?" And you'll probably be able to just like search to have sponsored listings as well as free listings in that database. And so So, there'll be a set of stuff like that. That's definitely going to happen. Agents are going to have ads against them. But the other thing is like when an agent goes out and buys me my toothpaste, right? I want it to buy my preference of toothpaste, which is Colgate. And so, I want Colgate. I want Colgate whitening. Whether that works or not, you can judge for yourself. But I want Colgate teeth whitening toothpaste. And I really like that toothpaste. I'd be really upset if it didn't do it. Why do I like Colgate? I don't know. I think it's a bunch of ads I've seen through my childhood and growing up and so on that have put me into Colgate. And so, the preferences of the person that the agent is representing will matter. And that comes down to brand preferences. And so, you will need to show ads to human beings to be able to get the brand preferences there. And so, there will be a mix. Like humans will need ads shown against them. Agents will need ads shown against them. But 10 years from now, there'll be a bunch of ads shown to agents for sure. >> And same question, but for like your beloved Oakleys for example. How do you think that's going to impact advertising? Looking at the same sort of time horizon. >> Well, I mean, the hope is that we build better and better glasses. We get those wonderful display glasses like our vision that we put out when we rebranded to Meta will come true, where people will be heads up. They'll be looking at the horizon. And maybe they'll get a little notification in the bottom of the screen, but they won't be distracted by their phone the whole time. And so, like what we'd hope would happen is that there is an overlay of the world where you are interacting via these display glasses. And there will be appropriate places in that when you're choosing for example to look at Reels cuz you're bored at the bus stop where you'll see an ad interspersed. But you won't be looking down at your phone when it happens this time. But most of the time, you are just getting useful notifications and you're not distracted from your day-to-day life. And it actually helps you to be more present with the world. So, it's it's probably that balance. >> One of the things that my audience has noticed which naturally going to happen over time, is CPMs. Cost per thousand impression when you're advertising on matters increased. It's effectively a demand supply function, right? More demand from advertisers increases the cost. >> They never noticed those many years when it went down. >> Okay, yeah. You are right. >> Yes. >> I've got the charts, you see. I I see each year's CPMs and I see when they went down and when they went up. Anyway. >> But there can't be that much more supply to be had, or can there? As in, the supply by the way being available ad inventory. >> So, here's the thing that blows my mind. I would have I would have said that. Yes. But then TikTok happened. Okay? I mean, look at how much time people are spending on TikTok. There's many more time on TikTok than our services in some countries. And all of that came from somewhere. I think came from TV mostly. Yeah. But there has been a huge growth in supply actually. I think what's really interesting for you, given your focus on the world, is Google and Meta, and I think now TikTok, Amazon, and others bringing in what's happened with digital advertising is we have actually seen advertising go from 1% of the global economy to now maybe 1.3, 1.4% of the global economy. And it was stuck on 1% for a very, very long time. >> And so, what's actually happened is the pie appears to have been grown. And it's been grown by there being more places where you can show ads and more inventory where you can show ads. But it's also been grown by making those places more efficient. And so, what I think, like, yeah, you'll see competition between the social media apps to get those eyeballs and get that time. TikTok has shown that we can grow the pie and eyeballs, though. So, I still believe there's space for growth there. But the biggest thing is going to be a focus on how do we show the right ad to the right person at the right time. And AI will let there be more personalized creative. AI will let there be better matching. And we should be in a place where we're actually able to get higher CPMs because we're driving more ROAS. Cuz that's the only reason our CPMs go up. >> And it doesn't matter. >> So, that doesn't matter. >> The narrative being even if supply was capped and there was more advertiser demand and your CPMs did go up, if the platform is smarter and they're better able to >> I think the narrative was we're going to get loads more impressions and the CPMs are going to go up, but then stuff show a executive answer. But But I do I do think that it doesn't matter is actually important because the ranking is the key thing. Right ad, right person, right time. Infinite AI creative, directed by human beings who are the creative directors, combined with perfect ranking in a thought experiment world means huge value from existing inventory. >> Going back to creative slightly, when you talked about that being something that you're really pushing, we could see that matter as advice to advertisers. My assumption would be that as you see more and more AI generated stuff, personal brands, effectively another term for for creators in many places, are going to be the the signal that cuts through the noise. So, you're anticipating that being more of the narrative going forward, like it's already absolutely what you should be doing, and in 2 years' time even more and more important. >> That's the trend we're seeing. >> Can trends reverse? Yeah, trends trends can reverse. There's nowhere on Earth where we're seeing that trend reverse right now, and usually what we see, if you're talking 2 3 years out, is you usually see the signs of that a couple of years ahead of time. >> we'll go. >> Somewhere on Earth something's looking different. >> Interesting. >> I think there are creators using AI, and so you'll see augmented creators. I think you'll see some AI only create content, but fundamentally I think like no, the creator stuff is a real trend, and if anything I think it will deepen with things like conversational commerce, with things like um shopatainment, stuff you're seeing in Asia right now. >> I wanted to ask about AI generated ad creative, and particularly those businesses that are really going to struggle with that. I'm thinking like compliance-heavy industries, cuz I'm hearing that as a thing that's coming up all the time where people are saying, "I can't use methods such and such image generation, or allow it to change text and things like that, cuz we might get in trouble with legal." What are your thoughts on that, and sort of solutions coming down the line? >> I would argue there are two different kinds of kinds of industries on this. One is the one you're describing. >> The way that we and other tech companies are handling this is AI judges. Yeah. And so, we are literally building AI lawyers that are making better decisions than the average lawyer okay to be able to review creative. I actually think it's going to be really important for these companies to be able to scale their legal department to have guided by their lawyers. I mean, this is my big thing. You know, Geoffrey Hinton said we'd lose all radiologists by now. We have more radiologists than ever. They're just using AI. So, I think you'll see the best lawyers will find a way to scale themselves using AI judges to ensure that adherence is happening to policy. And look, we are doing this for our compliance on content moderation. We are doing this for our compliance on privacy. And we are going to regulators and showing them statistics. I run data, right? >> Showing them the statistics to show the performance is so high when you use AI that you'd be a fool not to. So, that's one category. And so, I think that category will be solved. It will take time, but I think that will be solved. The other category though is, let's say you're Persil and you need to show people that your beautiful top that you're wearing that I would somehow cover in chocolate or something. >> I've done quite well today, so you've >> extremely well. >> Oh, my god. Like, I'm on my second shirt. >> Your beautiful top is now whiter because of Persil. If they did an AI image, it just wouldn't be real. So, I think that category is going to be a different one. Persil, Dove, real beauty, there'll be a category of people who shouldn't use AI to do the creative. And that's right. But the compliance heavy industries, I believe you will find AI lawyers backed by real lawyers guiding them will actually scale the legal team in such a way that they can scale and that will happen. >> I guess there needs to be precedent set cuz what these companies would be worried about would be it coming back to them legal reasons, wouldn't it? So, once the precedent set is like, this is actually acceptable that we can use these systems and you won't get sued or you'll be defended against >> happen. >> a tech versus company that like we I believe we're setting that precedent in some of the stuff we're doing in content moderation where we are regulated. >> But I also think you'll see the new banks getting out there and you will see startups getting out there that actually disrupt things and that will work. >> I wanted to ask about advertising everything you're advertising. You're putting ads everywhere. Yeah. What might surprise people that's worked well either selling something like the glasses or acquiring users that comes to mind? >> I mean, I think the thing Thing surprise people from me is like classic Hollywood celebrities in a Super Bowl ad. >> Right. So, I'm all the data, the targets, and the everything. And the single best thing I did was the Super Bowl 2025 with Chris Pratt, Chris Hemsworth, and bringing it home, and she nailed it, Kris Jenner. >> Hey Meta, call my lawyer. >> What we would have seen would be overpriced and it wouldn't land and but it worked really well. >> the stuff you wouldn't expect me to buy and I bought it and it worked. >> Okay. One last one. How long till everyone in the US is using WhatsApp? >> Oh, I don't know. We're at over a third of the US now, so things are going pretty well of the adult population who are allowed to use it and so on. So, we're going pretty well and it's gone up like really materially. I don't know. Everyone is an aggressive number, but I I do think it'll be the leading messaging app within the next 5 years or so, but like that's a that's a hope from me. It's not a guarantee, but we've really we're really doing good work here. >> Yeah, as a Brit who uses WhatsApp and interacts with a lot of like American clients, it'd be so much easier if they were all >> Absolutely. Well, iMessage is a worse messaging platform. >> Okay, so that was really cool. Speaking of Alex, I met him last year. Very interesting guy. Been at the company forever. Thinks about things very deeply. His book is fantastic. I'd recommend checking it out. It's not about Meta advertising cuz he's the CMO of Meta, right? He's acquiring customers from all these other channels. So, he's putting ads everywhere. So, yeah, really interesting. Something for me to wrap my head around that he like talked about so easily as someone who's in it was the ads to agents. >> What's interesting about that he talked about like a database type setup is that there wouldn't be a visual to it because no one's actually looking at it. It would just be to the agent. So, I totally get it in theory, but almost sort of actually understanding that coming through is is really interesting. Talking about creators and how that's working and how that's producing better results, how it's going to become more and more important is like a very consistent narrative that we've seen from Meta for a while, but just become way more popular. And even like the biggest example we have, have the surprise example of a Super Bowl ad with monster celebrities that worked really well. It's like, well, yeah. >> [laughter] >> The ultimate example of a massive creator campaign, right? Thousand creators on the Oakleys is mad. Really specific to advertisers, what would be interesting would be the narrative around not worrying about CPMs rising. Because it's a function of demand supply. More and more advertisers demand not that much more supply, although he thinks there is. I'm maybe a little bit more skeptical about that. But totally get it. There may well be some more supply. And that's going to lead to increased CPMs. Everyone's like, "Oh, if my CPMs go up, then I'm going to end up paying a lot more to acquire customers." If the platform gets that much smarter, then you can deliver increased CPMs and still see a better return on ad spend. And that's all that matters, really. It's your return on ad spend. It's your cost per conversion. A lot of the rest of it is noise. Better to have a higher CPM if your return on ad spend is also higher. And thank you very much for watching. If you want more content meta ad related, go ahead and subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @elormtetteh5266 [8 likes]: Summary: ads will keep getting expensive. Stop asking or complaining.
Meta is pushing Ai over humans.
  2. @Im-Super-Martio [2 likes]: Can you do a video on starting as a new low budget advertiser - what to expect - how to warm the meta pixel and CPM etc (which is prohibitively expensive at least for me $120+ advantage+ purchase campaign in US). Just don’t know how to warm the pixel to improve cpm etc and get profitable ROAS etc
  3. @Kez91 [1 likes]: Could of asked him my ads manager is so bad right now
  4. @Andrew_OHara [1 likes]: When you were asking about about AI ads I thought you meant ads created with AI, like static ads created with NanoBanna ect. Not actual ads being shown to AI agents lol.
  5. @arbitrary_pulp [1 likes]: Good, that is sick!!! Such an opportunity.
  6. @BenHeath: Click here to grab some of my highest-converting video ad templates: https://clickhubspot.com/95e610 
Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  7. @AlhalalcosmeticsNed: So, can I guess they will push ads in Meta AI as Microsoft does? Or are they just promoting Meta AI?
  8. @md.al-amin4866: Please always add subtitle for the non-native.
  9. @joe_yaxley: Curious but do you use Meta’s AI features such as: sounds, visual enhancements, CTA variations and image variations? 

I’ve noticed there’s increasingly more and more available.. so I’m curious at to which you recommend and which you don’t
  10. @Bownessofficial: Alex is the goat, his YC talks are amazing

- How to CRUSH Meta Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you believe you need a massive budget to win with Meta Ads in 2026, you're wrong. If your Facebook Ads haven't generated the leads and sales you're looking for, I'm here to tell you it is not because you don't have enough money. It's probably because you're thinking like a big brand. Small budgets don't lose because they're small. They lose because they're scattered, constantly tinkered with, spread thin, pointed at everyone, obsessed with vanity metrics, and chasing unrealistic returns. Meanwhile, there are small business owners that I know are generating consistent leads and sales every single day on $20, $50, $100 a day because we have cracked the code on how to crush Meta Ads with a small budget in 2026. Today, I'm going to show you exactly how to win that game. Five steps, no fluff, no just go viral nonsense. Just real strategy that works for real small businesses when money is tight and every dollar matters. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. We've driven over $272 million in revenue for small businesses to date using social media ads alone. So, that doesn't even count the results we've driven from Google Ads or email. You can click the link below to get a free custom marketing proposal and quote to go with it if you want to see what it would be like to have us handle all of your ads for you. Otherwise, let's get into it with step one. Stop touching your ads every day. And before you click out because you think this is obvious or not real advice, I am telling you exactly what worked for the small businesses whose results you just saw. So, you let me know if this sounds familiar. You launch a campaign. Day one, no sales. Day two, cost per click is high. Day three, still no sales. Day four, you panic and change something. You add a new creative. You adjust the targeting. You change the budget a little. Maybe you just create a new campaign entirely. You're thinking it's a fresh start, but the reality is now Meta asks you start over. Here's what you need to understand. Meta goes through what's called a learning phase. During that period, it is aggressively testing who to show your ads to, when to show them, which placements work best, which frequency converts, and which users inside your audience are most likely to take action. With a small budget, that learning takes longer because you're generating fewer conversions. If you keep adjusting your ads every 48 hours, you are forcing Meta to restart its learning phase over and over and over again. You never let the system stabilize long enough to optimize. So, I know you might not want to hear this, but small budgets require patience. All the results I showed you at the beginning of this video are real small business clients of ours, and they were results from within a 30-day period, but hear me, they did not get those within the first 30 days of working with us. So, set a rule for yourself and no major changes for at least 7 days, sometimes even 10 to 14 days depending on conversion volume. You can analyze performance during that time. You can prepare new creatives to have them ready. You can plan improvements and all of that, but don't actually change anything in Facebook Ads Manager yet because if you do, you're just resetting the machine. Meta's algorithm is powerful, but it needs clean data and time in order to be powerful. So, when you stop helicopter parenting your ads, you give the system the chance to actually do its job. Step two, stop trying to sell to everyone. Small budgets cannot afford broad messaging. Big brands can run generic ads because they have enough money to reach everybody multiple times. You don't. If your messaging sounds like it's meant for anyone who might be interested, you are blending into the noise and burning cash. Small budgets win by being specific. For instance, instead of premium skin care, say acne-safe skin care for women in their 30s who are tired of products that make it worse. The more specific you get, the more your ideal customer feels like you're talking directly to them. And when someone feels understood, they pay attention. Plus, the way the Meta Ads algorithm works now is it studies your ad creative, copy, and so on, and chooses who to show your ad to based on those things, not just the targeting that you've set. So, if you're being specific in your ads, it helps Meta find your exact target audience sooner. So, if you're thinking to yourself, "Okay, how can I be more specific on who my ad is for?" Look at your existing customers and ask yourself these questions. Who spends the most? Who complains the least? Who buys again? Who refers others? The answer to those questions will help you discover your audience lane. So, re-engineer your messaging around that person. Talk about their exact pain points. Highlight benefits that matter to them, and use language that they would use. If you're operating on a tight budget, clarity beats reach every single time. And once you're speaking clearly to the right person, you need to make sure your objective matches your goal, which brings us to step three. Only run sales or lead campaigns. If your budget is small, you do not have the luxury of getting your name out there. Brand awareness campaigns are for companies with deep pockets and long time horizons. You need revenue. So, when you're picking your campaign objective, it's important to remember that Meta's algorithm is literal. If you tell it to optimize for engagement with an engagement campaign, it will find people who like and comment. If you tell it to optimize for traffic with a traffic campaign, it will find you people who click, not click and convert. If you want leads, run a leads campaign. If you want sales, run a sales campaign. Point blank period. Because the leads campaign optimizes for qualified leads. The sales campaign optimizes for purchases, not just clicks. When money is tight, every campaign should have a direct path to the actual conversion goal you want. So, think of your first campaigns as your testing ground for a repeatable system. Once that system produces consistent leads or sales at a profitable cost, that's when growth compounds. And if you want to reduce wasted testing in your ad spend even further, there's a smarter way to approach your creatives. So, step four, copy what's already working. One of the biggest advantages you have in 2026 is transparency. Meta Ads Library exists, people. Your competitors' ads are public, and while you cannot see the exact results on all of your competitors' ads, you can likely trust that if an ad has been running for 6 months or longer, it's probably working for that business. Small budgets cannot afford expensive guesswork. So, instead of trying to invent something completely new from scratch, model what's proven in your industry. Look at what angles your competitors are using, whether they lead with testimonials or pain points, if they use UGC-style videos or user-generated content-style videos or polished brand content, how their headlines are structured, what kind of offers are they promoting. You are not copying word for word, you are modeling structure and strategy. Everybody say that with me, modeling, not plagiarizing. If you notice that three top competitors all lead with customer results in the first 5 seconds of their video, that should be a signal to you on what you need to include in the first 5 seconds of your video ad. If you see long-form educational ads consistently running, that's a signal. If testimonial-style creatives dominate your industry, that's a signal. This shortcut saves you thousands in failed experiments. When budgets are small, the goal is not innovation for the sake of it. The goal is traction. And once you have traction, then you refine, which brings us to the mindset shift that makes or breaks small businesses advertising. Step five, be realistic about profit. this is the hardest pill to swallow, but I am nothing if not real with you guys on this channel. Most small advertisers think they need a 10x return on ad spend to succeed. They don't. Now, don't get me wrong, we've had way higher than 10x returns for a lot of our small business clients. I'm not saying it's impossible or something you shouldn't aspire towards, but when your product sells for a thousand and you acquire a customer for 300, that's a 3.3x return. Some people will look at that and say that's not amazing, but if your margins allow it and you can reinvest that profit into more ads, you've now built a machine that can gradually and sustainably start growing. That's exactly what we did with our health coach client who's now generated over 10,000 leads and over 23,000 purchases through our ads. So, you see how it worked out for them. Now, as you scale, your return on ad spend will likely decrease a tad. That is normal. The first group of buyers is always the easiest to convert. The more you expand, the more expensive it becomes to acquire each new additional customer. Smart businesses don't chase the percentages, they chase profit volume. Let me put it this way. Would you rather have a 10x return on 5,000 ad spend or a 4x return on a hundred thousand dollars ad spend? The second option makes far more money, but it is a lower return on ad spend. If you can generate consistent leads at a cost that makes sense for your margins and you can close those leads effectively, you have leverage. And leverage combined with a sustainable ad system like this turns small budgets into larger ones. So, crushing Meta Ads with a small budget in 2026 is not about hacking the algorithm. It's about discipline. Set up your ads properly and stop touching them constantly. Speak directly to one specific customer instead of everyone. Focus only on campaigns that drive real conversions. Model proven ads in your industry instead of guessing. And accept a realistic profitability and reinvest consistently. If you want help building that kind of disciplined growth system for your business, make sure you click the link below. And remember, your budget doesn't determine your ceiling, your strategy does.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LizaDedeTetteh [2 likes]: What if I want sales but don’t have website can I use WhatsApp
  2. @anuragsapkota6458 [1 likes]: You are so great for uploading this video. Thank you so very much.
  3. @roofedbv [1 likes]: Thank you so much really good video, but i have a question: how should the ad structure look like or were should i implement new creatives? I have one Campaign with one Ad-Set with 2 Ads that perform good. But when i ad a new Creative the new Creative gets all the spend and makes no results after 7 days and it's burning money and the ROAS shrinks (we spent 20€ per day on this Campaign). Should we make a Campaign to test new Creatives? Or what would you do in this Situation?
  4. @MsAlly-g3e [1 likes]: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if we change nothing in Ads Manager?
  5. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=metaadssmallbudget&utm_campaign=apr12026
  6. @Possiblevtu: Where can I get Ads Library
  7. @alexiscorrigan1765: Great video

- Behind the Scenes: Filming Meta Ad Creatives for Our Client | Evolve Enterprises: Kind: captions Language: en

- How I Make Meta Ad Creatives in 2026 (My Full Stack): Kind: captions Language: en People love talking about campaign setup, the structure, budget, targeting, all the technical actions in Ads Manager, but very few talk about how to think about creative strategically. And in 2026, the creative is the targeting. That's the part that matters. I'm Chris, founder of Adacted. We help TTOC brands scale through paid ad strategy, management, and ad creation. Over the past 3 years, we've generated over 50 million in revenue for our clients. brands like Realot, which we helped scale to over a million-dollar months, Edge by KS, Laura Moshi, Black Girl Vitamins, Bitboards, Spaha USA, and a bunch of others. So, today I'm going to walk you through exactly how we think about ad creative, the actual framework we use. This is what we do every single day, and if you get this right, it changes everything about how you approach your ads. So, here's what I've noticed after working with a lot of brands. Most people think creative testing means making a bunch of different ads and seeing what sticks. They'll try different formats, different creators, different hooks, and they're just kind of throwing things at the wall. And then they come to us frustrated because nothing's working or things work for a little bit and then die. And when I audit their ad account, the problem is almost always the same thing. They skipped building a robust testing system. They went straight into making ads with a vague idea of what might work. And I get it. research isn't sexy. Nobody wakes up excited to read through hundreds of customer reviews. But that's where the actual insights come from. That's where the winning angles are hiding. The brands that actually scale consistently, they treat creative testing like scientists treat experiments. And I mean that literally. Every single test has a clear hypothesis behind it. We believe this angle will resonate with this audience because of this reason. And then you test it. Here's how I think about it. a scientist who keeps running the same failed experiment over and over but just changes the equipment. That's not a good scientist, right? So, if you prove something doesn't work a few times, you document it. You understand why and you move on to the next hypothesis. Same thing with creative. If you've tested a certain angle three or four times and it keeps failing, stop testing that angle. Make a note of it. Move on. I'm not saying creative is as precise as hard science, but you have to map out your activities. You have to be systematic about it. So, let's start where every good ad actually starts. Research. And I don't mean just scrolling through ad library for 20 minutes. This is our research framework. When we bring on a new client, we're going through multiple layers of research before we write a single word of script. And this stuff takes time, but it's the thing that gives you the edge. It's what separates brands that scale from brands that get stuck. So, first thing we need to understand how your customers actually talk about their problems and not how you think they talk, how they actually talk, the real words they use. Reddit is incredibly valuable for this. We use something called Reddit Answers to dig into specific problems. So, if we're working with a brand that helps with knee pain, we're not just searching knee pain products. We're asking questions like, "What specific moments make knee pain unbearable?" or what solutions have people actually tried and what did they think? And you start finding gold in there, real language and frustrations, real moments where someone is ready to buy something. You can't make this stuff up and you can't guess it. You have to go and find it. Now, for Amazon review scraping, we use a tool like Appify to scrape reviews and then we feed those into Claude or Gemini to start extracting patterns. What are the complaints that keep showing up? What words do people use over and over? What do people wish existed that doesn't? And then of course your own reviews. If someone took the time to leave you a review, they either love your product or they absolutely hate it. Both are incredibly useful. I'll give you an example. We work with a brand called Swaha USA. They make dresses and when we dug into their reviews, we kept seeing the same thing over and over. Customers were obsessed with the pockets, like way more than we expected. These dresses have big comfortable pockets and people loved that. So, there's this book by Claude Hopkins called Scientific Advertising. It's from 1923, but it's still incredibly relevant. And one of the things he talks about is that your ad should tell the full story. Now, on Meta in 2026, I don't completely agree with that. You can definitely tell your story over the course of multiple touch points, but here's what I do agree with. There are certain key features that if you know they work, you should mention in almost every ad. For some brands, that's a strong guarantee. For Swaha, it's definitely pockets. Once we knew that, pockets showed up everywhere in our creative because we learned it from the research. You'd be shocked how often this happens. We'll work on a client's reviews, run them through AI, and come up with two or three use cases that the brand never really mentioned in their ads previously. And each one of those is a potential angle to test. Same thing with ad comments, by the way. If you're spending money on ads, people are commenting on them. That's basically a free focus group. Read them. See what people are saying. What questions are they asking? What objections are they raising? What are they tagging their friends about? All of that is data. And then competitor research. Obviously, you should be looking at what your competitors are running an ad library. But if you only copy your competitors, you end up looking like your competitors. and your customers are seeing all of you in their feed. So if you look the same, you don't stand out. So we look at competitors to understand what's being said in the market, what positioning is getting used, where the gaps might be. But for creative inspiration, we actually look outside the niche a lot, what's working in completely different categories that we could adapt. That's often where the freshest ideas come from. Now, here's something we use that most agencies don't talk about. It's called the mind state method. It's based on research from a guy named Will Leachch about consumer psychology. I made a whole video breaking this down in detail and I'll link it up here if you want to go deep. But the basic idea is this. People don't just randomly decide to buy things. They buy at specific moments, trigger points, moments of emotional arousal, a new job, a frustration that finally hits a breaking point, planning for something exciting, or getting bad news at a doctor's appointment. And so what we do is we map out those trigger points for our clients. Where does it happen? Who's around? What are they feeling? What options are they considering? And then we connect that to core motivations. Things like security, belonging, achievement, autonomy. Once you have that, your ad concepts kind of write themselves because you know exactly what emotional buttons you're pushing and why. Okay, so you've done the research and this is where most people make a mistake. They go, great, now what format should I use? Should I do UGC? Should I do founder ads? Wrong question and wrong order. The script is the foundation. And this is what I think most brands completely underestimate. Here's what I see all the time. Brands skip the research or they rush through it and then they end up writing hooks that are generic that kind of feel off that don't connect to what's actually happening in their customers world. Using our clients FA USA as an example, a we cook would be, are you looking for dresses with pockets? I mean, it's fine. It's functional, but it's not something new. Doesn't make you feel anything. And now, listen to this hook. >> We have invented space rockets, artificial intelligence, and self-driving cars, but we still haven't solved the problem of pockets for women's dresses. >> You see the difference, right? Same product, same feature, completely different energy. The second one makes you go, "Huh, that's actually true." And you keep watching. That hook didn't come from nowhere. It came from understanding that pockets are a genuine problem, that customers care about this way more than we'd expect. The research led to the insight and the insight led to the hook. And here's the other thing. Most brands when they write scripts, they're following cookie cutter formats. Open with a hook, list three benefits, end with a call to action. And the result is unremarkable. It doesn't stop anyone from scrolling. Doesn't make anyone feel anything. The best scripts use proven structures as a guide, but they adapt to them. They know why certain things work, not just what the template says to do. So, now let's talk about how we actually come up with ad concepts. We use a framework angle plus hook plus format. The angle is your core message, the thing you're actually trying to say to the customer. So, with Grillbot, one angle is this makes a great gift for that. Another angle is you'll never have to scrub your grill again. And another is it's the lazy way to keep your grill clean. Those are all different angles, different reasons why someone might buy. And your research should give you a bunch of these. Now, the gift angle came from thinking about who's actually buying this product. A lot of times, it's women buying for their husbands or their dads. The lazy angle came from reading how customers actually talk about it in reviews. They love that they don't have to do the work themselves. Each angle is a hypothesis you can test. Then you have the hook. first 3 seconds and the only job of the hook is to stop someone from scrolling and make them curious enough to keep watching. For each angle, you can test a bunch of different hooks. So, let's take that great gift for dad angle. You could hook it with father's day is coming up and I finally know what to get him. A woman looking stressed at a bunch of bad gift options, then relieved when she finds this. My dad is impossible to shop for until I found this. Or unboxing footage with the dad reacting. Same angle, same message, four different ways in. The way I think about hooks is like a movie trailer. A good trailer doesn't tell you the whole story. It opens a loop. It shows you just enough that you have to watch the movie to find out what happens. Think about any trailer you've seen recently. There's some kind of tension or question that doesn't get resolved. And that's on purpose. Your hook should do the same thing. Open a loop that the viewer has to keep watching to close. You have to make them go, "Wait, what happens next?" or okay, I need to see where this goes. This VA hook I showed you earlier does this. We've invented space rockets, AI, solved pockets for women's dresses. That opens a loop. You want to see how they're going to solve it. And then format usually see static founder ad, mashup, podcast clip, all that. And the powerful thing here is you can mix and match. Same angle, different hooks, same hook, different formats. You're testing variables. So, with Grillbot, we took that gift angle and tested it as a static ad with a headline and features. That's the one that helped scale them to million-dollar months. But we could also test the same angle as a UGC video or a founder ad telling the story of why he invented it. Same message, but different packaging. That's how you learn what actually resonates, not by guessing, by systematically testing one variable at a time and tracking what works. So, different formats work better at different stages of the funnel. And I think a lot of brands don't really think about this enough. Top of funnel is people who have no idea who you are, never seen you, and never heard of you. A lot of times they don't even know they have the problem to solve. So you need stuff that's easy to consume that feels like content, not an ads. UC is great for this, but street interviews are also working well right now because they just feel like something you would watch anyway. Founder stories can work too because people connect with that. You're explaining why you built this thing and what problem you were trying to solve. The goal here is just to get on their radar. Then there's middle of funnel. These people have seen you. They know you exist. They probably understand their problem, but they're not convinced yet that you're the solution. So, this is where you educate. Mini video sales letters work well here. Mashups, where you take a bunch of UGC footage and put an AI voiceover on it. Position yourself as the best option. answer the objections they might have in their head. And finally, there's the bottom funnel. These people are pretty much ready to buy. They just need a little push. Static ads working incredibly well here. Simple, clear, often offer driven testimonial compilations, social proof stuff. You're not trying to educate them anymore. They already get it. You're just trying to get them over the line. So, limited time discount, buy to get one. Meta is going to show these to people who are ready, and sometimes they just need that nudge. The format should match where they're at. Your ad account should have different ads covering these different objectives. So, I want to come back to this idea of testing like a scientist because I think this is what separates brands that scale from brands that just kind of spin their wheels. We keep a running board of what's working every week. What's working this week? What we're currently testing? What we need to test next. And we're constantly trying to plan a few months ahead. This sounds simple, but almost nobody does it. And what happens when you don't track this stuff? You end up testing the same angles over and over. You forget what worked a year ago. You lose all the learnings you've built up. When you keep this board, you start to see patterns. Maybe UGC mashups have been consistently working for 3 months straight. Maybe a certain angle keeps winning no matter what format you put it in. That's the information you can and you need to use. That tells you something. And here's the other thing. When you have a hypothesis for every test, you learn something. Even when the test fails, if you just throw a random creative out there and it doesn't work, what did you learn? Nothing. You're just guessing again next time. But if you said, "We believe this gifting angle will resonate with women buying for Father's Day." And it works, now you know something. And if it doesn't work, you also know something. You can cross it off and move on to the next hypothesis. You can literally just use a Google sheet for this. Let me give you another example. We worked with the supplements brand and they were nervous about offering a money back guarantee, like really worried about it. They thought everyone would abuse it. We finally convinced them to test it and their CPA got caught in half. You know how many people actually use the guarantee? Just 2%. So they were leaving all this money on the table because they were scared of something that barely happened. Now as you know this, that also was a hypothesis. We believe adding a guarantee will lower CPA because it reduces purchase risk. We tested it. It worked massively. And now we know that for this specific brand, guarantee messaging is incredibly powerful. So, we keep using it. That's what systematic testing looks like. You build up knowledge over time. You get smarter. Your creative gets better because you actually understand what works for your specific brand and audience. Now, let's talk about actually producing these ads. Here's what I want you to understand. Every single choice you make in production matters and every choice should be informed by your research and testing. Who's in that? Is it a young person, older, a mom, a founder? That choice matters. Your audience is going to connect with certain people more than others. And you won't know which ones until you test it. Where are they shooting? In a studio, in their bathroom, outside? That also changes the whole feel of the ad. Some brands do better with polished, clean backgrounds. Others do better when it looks like someone just grabbed their phone and started talking. You have to figure out what works for your specific audience. And then what's the pace of the editing? Do you use fast cuts or is it more slow and relaxed? Some products need that high energy quick cut style. Others need room to breathe. If you're selling a skincare product for older women with fast, chaotic editing, that's a mismatch. But again, you'll have to test it. How do the captions look? What fonts do you use? Is it Tik Tok style? What color? And where are they positioned on the ad? These seem like small decisions, but they really affect how people perceive your brand. And I've seen caption styles make a real difference in performance. The point is, none of this should be random. None of this should be, hey, that's how we've always done it. Every choice is a variable, and the brands that scale are the ones who test these variables systematically and pay attention to what's working. You build up knowledge over time. You start to learn that for your brand, middle-aged women in natural lighting outperform young influencers in studios or whatever it is. But you can only learn that if you're tracking it. So that's the framework. Research deeply. Understand your customer at a psychological level. Write scripts based on real insights. Test systematically with clear hypothesis, track what works over time, and produce quickly without over complicating it. This is exactly how we've scaled brands like Robbot to million dollar months. This is how we've generated over 50 million in revenue for our clients. It's not magic. It's just being systematic about it. So, if you're a DTOC brand spending at least 30K a month on meta ads and you want help building a creative system that actually scales, I'd love to talk. Click the link below to book a call with me. And if you found this valuable, subscribe. I'm going to keep sharing what's actually working for us and our clients right now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @facundogalloo [2 likes]: Amazing content!
  2. @onyeisivictorychinonso1 [1 likes]: Jeez. You are amazing.
  3. @anasabidgraphics [1 likes]: Another golden value in this value. You deserve a million subscribers.
  4. @alexanderfallaria5657: Hey Chris, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?

- Meta Ads Creative Strategy in 2026: The Full System: Kind: captions Language: en In 2026 and 2027, creative is the lever that sits within Meta ads. Media buying fundamentally is not your advantage right now. You need to become incredibly good at creative strategy, at creative design, production, then moving that into the ad account, and analyzing the creative to create this flywheel effect. By the end of this video, you'll know everything you need to know about creative for 2026. We're going to be running through why creative is the growth lever, how Meta's algorithm actually works in 2026, concept architecture, hook strategies that actually scale, all the formats you can use and test, a testing framework to take that creative and actually put it into the account to get statistically relevant results. We're then going to move into creative volume, creative diversity, and a financial model that ties it all together. We're going to talk about fatigue, scaling winners, portfolio management, creative production, so what do the teams, the briefing, and the process look like? And then lastly, we'll tie all of it together and package it into the 2026 playbook. So with that being said, diving into section number one, we have why creative is the growth lever. I've been media buying on Facebook since 2018. So I've been about eight coming up on nine years in the Meta Ads Manager. And I remember back in 2018, 2019, 2020, there was so much leverage in media buying. You actually didn't need to be very good at creative, and as long as you had a massive edge on media buying, you could beat a lot of people. And the reason for that is that there was a massive skill gap. In fact, I would argue that any arbitrage opportunity that exists within a market is a product of the skill gap that exists at that point in time. So, back then, the difference between someone that just goes and opens up the ad manager and someone that is a super advanced media buyer that spends 12 hours a day doing this and that's three years in, there was such an enormous difference that that difference allows for arbitrage and allowed for the opportunity. Now, over time, Meta has slowly compressed media buying. The targeting is now fully automated. I would recommend 99% of people are just running broad only, so there's no skill within interest targeting. Andromeda now optimizes for the distribution of the creative. Consolidation is always favored across all of these digital platforms now because conversion data consolidates, which allows for better machine learning modeling. And all of the media buying hacks that used to exist, like duplicating ad sets or using bidding models in a certain way, none of them really work that well anymore. None of them really give you a big arbitrage. And so because of that, this arbitrage opportunity has compressed. And instead, where the big arbitrage opportunity exists right now, is in creative. And it is because most people, fortunately for you, are terrible at creative. And so because of that, there is this huge opportunity that if you simply become good at creative strategy, at understanding what a good ad looks like, and then being able to build a system that can churn out a ton of high-quality ads, this is where you now make all the money on that. And by the end of this video, you should unlock this opportunity. So, the first thing I want you thinking through here is the portfolio model. So, let's say that you have $1,000 a day in ad spend, and there is two different scenarios here. Scenario one is you have one single creative that's holding that entire $1,000 per day, and you're at a 4x ROAS. And then you have another pathway that you could choose. You've got three ads holding $1,000 a day together, and this is also at a 4x ROAS blended across these three creatives. Now, I would rather be in this situation every single day of the week. And the reason being is that this situation decreases risk enormously within the business, because any of these three creative can fatigue, and the other ones will pick up the slack, and you can continue operating at this efficiency, at this ad spend. But over here, if this creative fatigues, you're done. And I say this out of PTSD, working with probably eight to 10 clients now over the course of the last six years who have come to us 40% down year-on-year in new customer acquisition. Their business is in a terrible spot and they're going, "Our business is declining. It's because we built this eight-figure business off three creatives that held a million dollars in ad spend and now these three creatives are all fatiguing and we're trying to spin up variants and it's kind of keeping us at some reasonable level, but we just can't get back to the level and we keep declining." And my response these days is, "It's too late. We're not taking on that account because you should have fixed that six to eight months ago." What people will do is they will get one or two winning ads that can hold a tremendous amount of ad spend. And then what they do is they just stop making more ads and they go, "Like, why would we spend money on creative production? That's useless. Let's just double down and put all our ad spend here and then focus on other areas of the business." Yeah, amazing until these creatives fatigue. And the only reality of creatives in Meta ads is that every single creative will fatigue. Every single creative has a maximum spend threshold that it will reach. And so you want to be constantly thinking through creative production ad account management and creative through the lens of this portfolio model, which is that we want to get as many ads as possible holding as much spend as possible. We do not want to over leverage into one or two ads because this is ultimately what ends up destroying a lot of businesses. Let me give you three common mistakes that most teams are making when it comes to creative. Number one is a lot of people confuse activity for strategy. I'll give you an example of this, which is recently in the last few months I've seen two ad accounts that are launching 2,000 plus new ads a month and they're barely able to crack quarter million dollars in ad spend per month. Now, for those that work on large ad accounts, you would know that that is insane. You do not need two to 3,000 new ads a month on a quarter million dollar budget. That's so much volume. And they weren't profitable. And so you're looking at the fact that they're launching so much volume, they're not profitable, They're doing so much activity, but there's clearly a gap in strategy. Because if you were putting 2,000 great creative into the account with a good offer, with a good persona, with a good angle, then you shouldn't need anywhere near 2,000 ads a month. And so yes, I think volume's good. I think you should be launching as many ads as humanly possible, but with a standard of quality and with a strategy behind the creative that's actually going into the account. So do not mistake activity for strategy. This is really common right now because people think they can just launch more ads and their brand will scale. In fact, I hear this all the time, which is people are like, "Okay, I need to double my business. Do I just launch 40 more ads a month?" I was like, "If it's that simple, everyone would do it. There's a little bit more to just increasing activity." The second one is misdiagnosing bottlenecks. So with in creative, there is a ton of different bottlenecks that exist that could be holding you back. It could be the quality of the creative. It could be the format diversification. It could be the quantity that's sitting at the different stages of awareness or the stages of the funnel. So you have nowhere near enough top of funnel assets to produce the scale that you actually want. This might be a bottleneck on not actually introducing partnership ads or employing different strategies into the ad account to unlock more spend. There's so many different bottlenecks that exist just within creative that holds a business back, and most people don't understand all the bottlenecks that exist. So they misdiagnose it. They don't realize what the actual bottleneck is, and so then they focus on activity that doesn't actually move the needle. For example, those two brands that I spoke about before, they were not only mistaking activity for strategy, but they were also misdiagnosing the bottleneck in the business, which is that they thought just increasing sheer volume would suddenly unlock growth, but it's not doing anything for them. And it's because they're trying to fix something that actually doesn't need to be fixed. And then the last one, which I hope people are getting over by now, but I still see it from time to time, which is that creative is seen as a cost center rather than a revenue driver. And this is fundamentally because of the shift away from media buying to creative, which is that back in the day when media buying had a lot of arbitrage behind it, you didn't need a lot of creative and a lot of volume of creative. And so because of that, business owners would often see the ad spend in the platform, the spend on Google, the spend on Meta, the spend on TikTok, Pinterest, Microsoft as revenue driving, but the actual creative that's used to fuel that spend as a cost center. We want to minimize that cost as much as possible because we just want the platforms to find us customers, but that's the complete wrong way around. The creative is actually what is driving the revenue and Meta and these other platforms are just driving the distribution. Now, the fact that you can actually just post this stuff on organic and get free distribution as well means that creative is also the revenue driver organically. And so if you're thinking that creative is a cost center, you've got the completely wrong approach. We're going to be diving into later in this video exactly how much spend you should have on creative production respective to your ad spend levels so you can know if you're currently under or over investing in creative. Before diving into creative strategy, you first need to understand how Meta's algorithm works because this is the distribution tool for the assets that you're putting in it. Now, everyone's probably heard the word Andromeda. It's a massive buzzword. I've talked about it in a lot of content. And to put it simply, it's just an algorithm change that Meta made because they had a lot of GPUs for training AI for their metaverse that kind of fell flat, and so they repurposed all of those training chips towards a better ad serving platform. With that, the mechanical shift that you need to be across is that before Andromeda, and to be honest, we weren't even doing this pre-Andromeda, but it's an easy way to simplify the concept and then I'll go a little bit more nuanced, which is that pre-Andromeda, you would choose the audience. So you would say, "Hey, here is our interest. Please target this interest." And you would then go and load all the creatives in. And so you'd put creative one, creative two, maybe you're putting three creatives under this ad set. And you're saying, "Here's the interest, here's the ads, go and match them." Now, post-Andromeda, what happened is you actually do the opposite. So, you put the ads into the account, and you don't select any targeting. And then Meta goes and looks at the creatives, and it goes, "Okay, I think that these are going to resonate with these people based on the transcript, based on the words in the ads, based on the copy, based on my understanding of historical conversion data." And then it will go and find the people to target. Now, this is fundamentally a way better system because interest targeting has a lot of downside. Okay, when you're doing interest targeting, you're effectively labeling people with an interest, let's say pets, and then just arbitrarily serving all your creative to people that are interested in pets. But the reality is is that it's not just people interested in pets that want your product. It's probably people that are interested in pets within a specific age range that also have other variables or psychographic data points that are similar between them. And so, there's so much additional nuance that needs to be captured. And this serving mechanism ends up capturing that nuance better than the old one. Now, the reality is is that Meta was kind of already doing this pre-Andromeda. We haven't used interest targeting in most accounts for like two years. But what Andromeda really did is popularize this new approach to structuring an ad account. And so, there were still so many agencies and so many people running interest targeting, it was crazy, even though we have a video that was put out two years ago about this exact topic on the Meta algorithm. And this was before Andromeda. So, I was explaining this concept before this whole update even rolled out, and why we don't use interest targeting. It's called How Machine Learning Works in 2025 on Meta Ads. But this has popularized this approach, and now this is really how you want to be thinking through the asset. Now, why this becomes important is because the creative that you loads in that you load in is the targeting. So, if you load a bunch of creative that's all the the you end up just targeting the same person. You don't reach new people. If you end up loading in a bunch of creative that isn't clearly resonating with a specific target demographic, then it's going to get confused. For example, if you're calling out everyone in your ads, if you're like, "Hey, everyone, look at this product." Meta is going to be very confused cuz it's going to go, "What should we target the entire population? Is there a subset? Who should we actually go after?" You also need to think through this targeting mechanism at an ad set level in terms of structuring because if you just put a bunch of ads together that are all targeting different people under the one ad set, the ad set will also get confused. Who are we targeting? So, there's a lot of of additional nuance that we'll break down here when we get into the structure and testing section of this video. But, this is fundamentally the key concept that you need to understand here. There's also the creative similarity score that rolled out of Meta recently. Now, most people still can't access this in their ad accounts, but if you reach out to your dedicated Meta reps, they can get you this score. So, you can have an idea of what your similarity score is in the business. And as it currently works, the higher the number, the worse it is because the more similar your creatives. Now, why this matters so much is because of Andromeda bundling. And so, if you have, as I said before, multiple different creatives here, let's say one, two, three, but they're all slight variants. Let's say they're the same campaign shoot, but the model's just standing in a slightly different position. Or let's say it's UGC, but maybe there's a slight variation in the script halfway through the video. Or let's say these are actually very different videos in terms of formatting, but they're all speaking to the exact same audience. Well, what ends up happening is Andromeda will bundle them together and serve them all to the same pool of audience. Now, because of this, because they're similar creatives going to the same audience, what happens in the ad account is frequency goes up. So, frequency is how many times users are seeing your ads. Obviously, these ads are just going to serve to the same people over and over again, so frequency goes up. Your reach will go down, so you'll stop reaching that new users. And as a function of this over time, your return on ad spend will go down. And so you will start seeing diminishing returns in the platform. So instead, the position that you actually want to be in here is launching three creatives into the account, but these three creatives talk to different people, and therefore reach their own audiences. And with that, frequency declines because you're reaching different people with these ads, it allows you to unlock more spend because as they scale, you can almost think about this circle expanding as it goes to cold on cold audiences. But because these are talking to different people, you can see there's not much audience overlap. And as a function of that, you're going to be able to scale to new audiences effectively without just increasing frequency and saying efficiency decline. Another incredibly important concept here about how the platform algorithm actually works is in sequencing of creative and the reliability of return on ad spend as you decline through the account structure. So when it comes to sequencing creative, the reality is, and I think everyone watching this will agree with this, which is that if you just serve one ad to a user once, will they buy? And the answer 99.99% of the time is no. Generally speaking, you need to see an ad more than once to be confident in purchasing. Now, yes, there are some people out there that are getting one hit by ads and suddenly buy, right? That does happen. In fact, it's probably happened to me at one point in my life, but it's very, very rare and you definitely cannot build an efficient business off of those people. And so because of that, you need to serve them generally more than one ad. Now, you could serve them this ad again, a second time. However, Meta put out a article ages ago, it was like four or five years ago, which said that after two impressions of an identical creative, probability of purchase declines precipitously. And so if you look at the probability of someone buying, let's say this is a percentage, and then you look at the amount of ads that they are seeing. So this is frequency of an identical ad. So we're talking about the same ad here. You're not showing them different ads, just the same ad. When you show them the ad once, there might be a certain percentage uh chance of them buying. Then, when you show them the ad twice, it might be the same. It actually might even be slightly higher. Because on second viewing, now they're warmer and they're more likely to buy. But then on third viewing, it declines massively. And then on fourth, massively. And then it pretty much declines to zero. And so, there is very little purpose at all in showing a user the same identical ad more than twice. And the way to actually stress test this idea that I'm telling you right now in your own ad account is you can pull your ad account up, you can go down to the ad level, look at the last 30 days, 60 days, and look at frequency at an ad level on cold campaigns. And what you will see is that cold ads almost never have a frequency above a two. And if they do, you have a creative fatigue issue. You do not have enough diversification and volume in your account, and that is a red flag. Any good account that we're running, which is all of them, um no one has a frequency above a two on a cold ad. Just doesn't happen. Because if we see this, immediate red flag. We need to fix it. We need more diversity. We need more volume. Now, the big kicker here is that what Meta are published in that statement, and if I can go and find that article, I'll put it in the description below, is that if you then go and introduce a novel creative, the probability of purchase stays high. And so, after seeing the same ad once and then twice, if we go and serve a different ad in as the third impression, probability stays up here. And then if we go and serve a different ad as the fourth impression, And so, we can actually keep probability of purchase up by rotating in new novel creative. Now, the question becomes, how does the algorithm do this and how does it decide the sequencing of creatives to these users to try to get them to convert? And this is where sequencing comes into the ad account structure. When Meta is optimizing across serving users ads, they're optimizing across understanding what sequence of creative actually gets the purchase. So, is showing users ad one, then ad two, then ad three going to get the click and purchase? Or is it showing users ad three as the opening creative, then ad two, then ad one going to get the purchase? Or is it some other kind of combination? Are we coming in here and then going back here? There's all of these different combinations of serving these ads in a particular order that might yield a click and might yield a conversion. Now, the kicker here is that Meta only attributes based on last click attribution. So, if we assume that the first sequencing example is what is actually occurring. They're going 1 2 3. If the click occurs here, all of the return on ad spend, all of the revenue gets attributed to this ad and it looks really good. Let's say it's at a 6X ROAS. Ad two, maybe some people buy at this stage in the sequence, but not a lot. And two at a 2X. And then on this top ad, we're down at like a 1.4X. When you look at this and you look at spend distribution, let's say spend is equal across all three creative. Naturally, you go in here and you go, "Oh, this is obvious. Turn ad one, turn ad two off." Cuz ad three's getting all the performance. But that would be a bad idea. And this is the concept in a lot of our content about do not turn a creative off when you are hitting KPI. If this is hitting your performance goal overall as an ad set, don't touch anything. Because Meta is sequencing between these creatives on purpose and it is creating an outcome. Meta's optimization is not based on last click. Really important concept to understand. Meta's optimization is actually based on multi-click and view. And so, Meta sees that people are viewing this ad, viewing this ad, then clicking on this ad and buying, and therefore it distributes spend here, knowing that it played a role in the purchasing journey. But you don't see that. Unfortunately, we don't get any visibility into this at all within the ads manager, which is actually really annoying. And so, as a product of that, we just need to trust the system. We also need to think about the creatives that we're putting into the account. How are they working through this purchasing journey? Normally, if you're good at creative, if you're good at creative strategy, you can look at these three creatives, and you can go, "Oh, it's pretty obvious to me that this is actually the opening ad. This is then probably the second ad, and then this is the converting ad." Because this is a super unaware top of funnel creative. This is then a product aware creative, and then this is a bottom of funnel very aware creative. And so, it's super obvious to me just looking at the three ads that that's what the sequence looks like. But, if you don't understand creative strategy, you're going to look at this and go, "I don't understand what's going on. Why are the ROAS like this? Turn off, turn off, turn off, destroy performance." We're going to go into this in a lot more detail later on once we start going through the testing structure and actually KPI'ing and understand what is a good ad, what is a bad ad, but this is a really important concept to be across. Second concept to be across is that the reliability of ROAS declines as you go down in the account structure. So, everyone who's opened up a Meta ad account knows the basic structure, which is you have campaigns, you have ad sets, then you have ads. Right? The campaign, you set up the budget typically, and you set up the overall uh optimization of it. So, is it optimizing for sales, reach, etc. Ad set, this is where all the targeting occurs. Now, people forget that these days because people go, "Oh, targeting is just broad, so I don't even really know what's happening at the ad set level." But, it's really important to reinforce targeting is occurring at the ad set level. And then down here, the ads, this is obviously the creative that gets served to the end user. Now, when we look down at the ad level, and we start assessing creative, the issue here is everything I just went through. We can look at the ROAS numbers, but they're kind of meaningless because they're last click attribution, and there's a multi-click or multi-view through journey occurring here. And so, I can go in and say, "Yeah, this has a 6x ROAS, is Let's like try to scale it or make more ads like that. But it's often a bad decision. So instead, when we move up to the ad set level right here, now we can look at all of these returns as a group. And we can go, let's not go into the individual ads because the reliability of uh the attribution here is terrible because there's so much happening across these different sequences. So let's just go up to the ad set and look, okay, at the ad set level, what's our ROAS here? And maybe overall it's at a 3x. Now this is a lot more reliable. It is worth noting that cross-serving of ads still occurs at the ad set level. So you can have uh multiple different ad sets. So if I just throw another ad set in up the top here, we'll call this ad set two. And let's just put a couple creatives under here. A sequence that can occur is that people see this ad in ad set one. They then see this ad. And then they get served another ad set. Now it's not prioritized by the algorithm. The algorithm will always prioritize serving adjacent ads under an ad set due to the way that targeting is siloed, but there is cross-ad set targeting. And so because of that, we might have a 3x here. We might have a 4x up here. This ad set seems to be doing better, but it's actually just because this ad set is picking up some bottom-of-funnel conversions being generated from this ad set. That can be completely avoided as long as your structure is good and you're diversifying concepts across the ad set level, you shouldn't have much cross targeting. And you can measure all this and we'll go into it later on, but the whole idea is ad set is better. We can trust this number. We can trust it more than the ad level. Then once you go all the way up to the campaign level, the campaign ROAS number, as long as it's on 7-day click attribution, is super reliable. This is generally very congruent with the actual P&L as long as it's on 7-day click and as long as existing customers are excluded. And so because of that, when we're making decisions within Meta, when we're thinking about structure, when we're thinking about introducing creative, we want to be thinking about measuring at the ad set or the campaign level, not the ad level, and we want to be thinking through this idea of sequencing. So, the practical implications of Andromeda and the way that the algorithm and ad platform currently works is fourfold. Number one, you need concept diversity. We're obviously going to go into what a concept is, how to break it down, how to come up with concepts, what diversity looks like later on, but number one is you need diversity within the creative going into the account. You also obviously need that introduced into the structure so that you're having a concept per ad set so you don't have any of this cross targeting going on. Number two is you need format variety. Okay, you can't unfortunately just have the same format of all of your creative. And the reason being is that Meta will prioritize formats that people resonate with. I'll give you an example, which is that I never ever, and I could scroll my Instagram feed for the next 3 hours and show you, I will never get a piece of UGC under my profile. Just doesn't happen. And it's because I never click on them, I never resonate with them, and so Meta inherently knows that low-fi UGC content should not be served to me. And so, if your ad account is just low-fi UGC, I'll never see it. Now, same thing actually for DPA ads. Now, DPA are very bottom of funnel. This isn't really cold, so I'd have to be already very, very product aware and on the website, but I don't think I have ever been served a DPA almost in the history of the ads that I get served on my personal profile. Now, that is likely a product of the fact that DPAs are not a creative type that I resonate with. I never click on them. And so, if you just had UGC and DPAs, it's very unlikely you'd ever reach me. So, you need to be making sure you have as much diversity in format type, and I'm going to be giving you all the formats and how you should be mixing and matching them later on so that you can reach as many people as possible. We then have hook quality. So, this is going to be a big section of this video, but with Andromeda, any kind of persona call out that occurs within the actual creative is going to go and prioritize that persona. So, if I make an ad and at the start I say, "If you're a business owner doing over $5 million a year," Andromeda is going to read the transcript, it auto transcribes every single ad, and it's going to go, "Okay, let's try to find a similar audience to what he just said." What if my ad or my content has nothing to do with that audience? Well, then we've just pushed the creative to an audience that's not actually relevant. And people do this a lot. People's hook actually isn't as good as they think it is. People call out a persona without problem agitating. There's the so many different issues that actually lie in hooks, which is why we're spending so much time on it, cuz I think people are terrible at hooks. Most ads I see, they're just not good. And then lastly, is that with Andromeda, volume is absolutely critical. The spend capacity of most ads isn't very high. Most ads that you went to the into the account, if we look at mean ad spend per ad unit, sits at about $700 to $1.5 thousand depending on the ad account. And so, generally, you can't get much spend through most ads. So, you need volume to compensate, but you also need strategy at the same time. Because if you're just putting sheer volume into the account, which I've seen so many people do, with no actual strategy behind the volume, it doesn't actually work. So, let's run through concept architecture. This is how you need to be thinking through the segmentation of different creative. This is how your naming convention should be set up on Meta as well. This is how you should be ideating in a Google Sheet or whatever format you want to think through this. And we'll also talk about the AI implications into this ideation process. So, what actually is a concept? A concept is a persona, angle, and offer. And so, to have diversity within the creative that's going into the account, you need one of these three variables to change. If the offer changes, it will resonate with a different audience, with a different pool of people, because it's either a different product, or if it's it's a different value proposition or packaging of the product. If the angle changes, obviously, it's going to resonate with with someone different, because you're problem agitating on something else. And so, if you sold skin care, you might start by problem agitating on wrinkles, but then you might have another ad that problem agitates on that. They're going to reach two very different audiences even though it's the same product because the angle changed. And then lastly we have a persona change. Now the easiest way to think through a persona change is obviously who are we talking to, but also who is actually in the ad. And so if there's a 60-year-old woman in the ad, it's obviously going to resonate with a very different target demographic than if there is a 20-year-old woman in the ad. And so because of that we can adjust the persona and that will inherently adjust who resonates with the creative and who it will target on the platform. And so one of the easiest ways to ideate here and come up with almost infinite creative concepts is to start ideating on who are all the different personas that we want to reach. What are the core personas in the business? And you can go through and you can probably come up with two or three or four. And then if you really drill deeper, you can come up with tons more. So yeah, we could go like females age between 40 to 45, etc. But then we can start digging into like what are the actual pain points. And so females age 20 to 20 five dealing with acne. Females age between 30 to 35 dealing with acne which is a slightly different problem because acne shouldn't be occurring at that age so maybe it's hormonal acne. And then we can go women age between 40 to 45 with acne as well. That's also a completely different problem that should be fixed by now and so what are the different underlying causes that we can then resonate within that persona. And so you can build personas out in ridiculous detail based on all of the problems that the product solves. By the way, this is the case in every industry as well as fashion. So in fashion people really struggle to get their head around concept architecture, but with personas, it's the same thing. Most large retail fashion brands will break their target demographic down into like four core personas and they'll give them names. But the reality is you can go way deeper than this because a persona could be a particular problem that a particular person is facing. And so there's this particular person who's a mom age between 30 to 35 with young kids and the problem that they face is they need an affordable dress that can go from a work dress into a night dress on a Friday afternoon. That is a persona. That's a persona that you could make infinite creative for for that exact particular pain point and circumstance. And you could probably think of 400 examples of that. When we move into angle, it's the presentation of how we're actually going after the problem. So, what is the angle? What is the value proposition? Why would you purchase the product? And then the offer is obviously really straightforward, which is what are we actually offering? The key here is personas >> and demographics. They're archetypes that are defined by problems, desires, and buying triggers. So, we want to be thinking about who are our avatars. And you want to think hard on that. Spend 20 minutes on it. Then, what problems do we actually solve for these people? Then, what are the differences in pain points, language as to how we talk to this person, and the proof that is required for this person? And once we understand these three, we should be able to build out a whole lot of personas, which you can then, once that is done manually, go to an LLM like Claude or ChatGPT or Gemini, give it the entire persona list, and tell it come up with 20 to 30 more, and give it as much context as possible, which you should already have loaded in there in some capacity about the business, about the target demographic, etc. Claude, OpenAI LLMs, they're only going to give you averages. And so, if you just give it three or four personas, and you give it your website, and you say, "Hey, come up with some more personas," you're going to get an average outcome. And everyone's going to be doing it, and you're going to get the same as them, and you're going to revert to the mean. So, what you want to do is if you are going to do this, you need to put all the manual effort into actually building out proper 30 to 40 personas that are actually good, and then you need to give it an unbelievably wide amount of context as to the business and the target demographic and everything you can, so that it can actually ideate properly on another 20. And of the 20 that it produces, you shouldn't just be putting that in there. You should be refining down, probably cut down to four to five, give that back in, say these four to five are good, ideate on another 10 to 20. And then that way you can beef this out from 20 to 30 personas or whatever you get to and double the number. One really important note here is that people die in persona work by keeping the personas too broad. Broad personas end up producing forgettable creative that is nowhere near specific enough for the target demographic that you want to resonate with. And so if you come away with a persona while you're building this out, which is let's say women age between 25 to 45, this is a terrible persona. The creative that you're going to make for this audience is nowhere near specific enough that it's going to resonate with enough people to be able to hold a good amount of spend. As an example, instead of going for the persona busy professional, which I actually see so much when when I tell people to do this concept build out, and instead you would want to delineate this into a consultant who flies twice a week and needs a carry-on wardrobe that works for boardrooms and bars. Way more specific. And now with that persona call out, you're already thinking about how to talk to this person. You can almost visualize who this is, what their problem is, what we need to solve, what the creative should look like. It gives so much more specificity into the actual briefing and production process. And then guess what, we actually reach this audience properly. But when we say busy professional, what is a busy professional? That is so wide, there are so like the age is all over the place, their gender is all over the place. What do they actually do? What do they get up to? Why do they even need this product? This is so broad that you will you will end up with mediocre creative. You are better off making five ads for this target demographic than five for this. Now five for this will scale harder. If you can actually do a proper unaware ad that is going to resonate with this entire pool of people, yes it's a bigger total addressable market, so yes you'll be able to hold more spend. But the reality of you making a good ad for an audience this broad is actually very unlikely. And so you are way better off making more ads for very specific personas, and then as you start to become a eight mid-eight figure brand, you can start to play around in trying to get ads to work for very broad audiences, but the skill level required here is so high and it is just not required for most ad accounts. Most ad accounts you can just go hyper specific and get way better results than needing to go and try to target the entire of a population. Another example here is instead of doing, let's say, health conscious parent, you could target a mom who's tried six different supplements because her toddler won't eat vegetables. Once again, way more specific. Now, you could go away and you could write a script for that. You know exactly what that ad looks like. You know who who should be in it. You know who you're talking to. You know what the proof needs to be for that particular target demographic. You know what the language needs to be and you know the pain points of that particular persona. Now, an angle is the specific argument or perspective that you take when you're speaking to a persona. This is where a lot of creative strategy actually ends up failing because brands default to product features rather than crafting genuine angles that resonate with the persona. So, I'm going to give you a lot of tactical application here. Number one is you want to problem agitate in some capacity. You don't need to do this in all of your creatives. In fact, especially if people aren't even problem aware, then you can't even problem agitate, right? But you want to be leading with pain as much as possible and you want to make the viewer feel the pain, feel like they have been heard before you go and introduce the solution. Another great angle here is approaching with a contrarian truth. So, you want to challenge a common belief that people have which allows them to reframe. An example of this, particularly just as a hook, is everything you've been told about X is wrong. Everything you've been told about the protein industry is wrong. And then you go into obviously an educational piece that then might problem agitate that then obviously loops into a solution. You want to typically always have social proofing in the angle. You want to build some kind of authority or expertise in the domain. So, this is more specifically domain expertise. So, you don't need, for example, a doctor in a lab coat showing up in every single ad for every industry. Right? If you're selling a running product, you want a marathon runner showing up. You want someone with authority in the domain that you're trying to sell it. Curiosity is great and is commonly in most angles that do well, and this is specifically creating what's called a curiosity gap. And so, when you open up a video asset, and you can actually do this in image assets, too, but when you open up the video, you open up and create a curiosity gap or an information gap. As an example, you'd say, "Here's what the top 1% of millionaires know about saving money that they don't want you to know about." And then you don't answer it straight away. And you go into a story, and you go into something else. You go into any of these other aspects. You problem agitate. You have a contrarian truth. You go into some degree of social proofing, although that's probably stacked towards the back of the ad. And then eventually, the ad goes on and on and on. You pull people through this journey. You educate them on everything. And then you end up actually answering the curiosity gap. And so, you didn't have any information. You want to get to the information, and eventually the information's provided to you. And so, that's how you hold people through an ad. All good angles also have some degree of comparison or objection handling. And so, often people who are watching your ad have tried to solve their problem through other solutions. And so, you want to tell them why your solution will work versus all of the competitors. You've probably tried this. You've probably tried this. You've probably tried this. If it's a piece of user-generated content, you'll commonly see the actual person in the script going, "I tried this, just like you would have, and it didn't work for me. I then tried this. I thought it was overhyped. It didn't work. And then finally, I was like, okay, I'm going to give one more thing a shot, and it actually worked." And then this one is the least compliant, but it is the best performing component to add into an angle, so I'm going to throw it in, which is a transformation, aka a before versus after. Uh before versus after's Meta does not like them. You have to sneak these into creatives in a way that the algorithm doesn't flag it. But these are some of the best performing creatives ever, because people want to see visually a before and after. I think this is basic human psychology. Before and after's will always crush for as long as they exist. And because of that, Meta doesn't like you uh running them. So, when we're thinking about the angle, we're starting at the persona and then we're thinking about what angle and approach do we need to be able to resonate with this target persona. And what you will notice is I've given you a lot of tactical application that can be included or built together into a script that creates the angle. So, the real key with the angle is actually you can simplify it into a one sentence, which is if our persona is women with kids age 35 to 40 that are having energy issues, we're going to then sell them creatine powder and the angle is going to be that it solves energy issues based on particular studies and then we can continue training it out. The thing is the angle realistically, if you're going to write this out properly, we're just talking about the script, okay? And so, you just want to write the whole script. If it's a static, this is obviously going to be a bit tighter and you could probably encapsulate this in a few sentences, but the idea is we want to figure out what angle are we approaching selling this person on with a myriad of different strategies that's going to resonate with them. And so, if we take for example that, uh, woman age 40 to 45, uh, with creatine and energy issues, well, we're going to want social proofing, but we want to we're going to want social proofing for that particular persona. So, we're going to want either case studies around persons people like that or the clinical studies that we're going to reference, which is going to give us expertise and authority, needs to reference their particular age and gender. We want to think about problem agitation on that particular persona. So, how are we going to agitate to that problem? Are we going to pull in some kind of contrarian truth or curiosity gap that's going to hold them into the asset? Can we do any kind of comparisons to stuff that they've tried in the past? Has this persona tried things or is this very new to them? And then, can we pull in any kind of transformation at the end as a piece of social proof to back into the creative? And so, we choose the elements that we want, we think about how we're going to slice and dice these into a script and that becomes the angle. And we're going to build out some actual examples of this in a moment, but before we do, I want to talk about the testing priority order. Which of these three components has the largest impact? What should you be thinking about testing the most of or the least of? Number one at the top is angles. So, this is exactly what we're just discussing. This is the message or the argument. The reason why this is such a high priority is because we can sell to any persona that is relevant to the product. You should be able to effectively look at who has bought from you in the past. What persona do they sit in? Why did they buy from you? And then, we just need to craft an angle to that particular persona. If that persona isn't purchasing from us, we know that it's actually really an angle or an offer issue. It's not an issue with the persona cuz we've already proven that these people buy from us, okay? And so, when something's not working, we typically don't want to look at the persona as long as you did it well. Like, let's not do broad 25 to 45-year-old females. Let's get hyper specific into a very specific person that has purchased from us before, and let's target them. But then ultimately, it's going to come down to an angle or offer issue, which is why angle is the first thing you should test if things aren't working. You need to rotate that and improve the angle. And then the second is the offer. Now, fundamentally, the offer actually might be the number one most important thing out of all of this, but the issue is is that you actually don't have much flexibility in changing the offer. What do I mean by that? The offer is two things. The offer is the product, and then the offer is the value proposition or the way that we're framing value. Now, when it comes to the product, if you have a single product and ads aren't working, well, I can't really tell you to change the product, right? Now, you could. You could change the whole business, but the reality is is that the product is the product. We need to change the angle or the persona, right? So, even though this is the most important thing, the product ultimately is king out of anything, we don't have much flexibility here. Now, if you have a very large skew count, and maybe this is a new product that's being launched into an existing 20-product portfolio, then sure. Then we can go and say, "Is this an offer issue? Is this an issue with the product?" And we can start to troubleshoot accordingly. But for most people, you're pretty stuck on the product. Then when it comes to the value proposition, the value proposition we've got a couple options, right? We can go and try testing bundles, we can go and try testing like a gift with purchase, we can go and try all of these different repackaging of the offer, right? We can do like tid as well, so you get percentage off when you buy two or three. We can go and throw in like a subscription offer. So, there's a lot of testing that we can do here. And we do this with a lot of clients is we'll come up with a bunch of different offers and how we should reframe value to try and get the funnel working more effectively. But ultimately, you are limited here. There's only so many offers you can test. And we run into this issue, which is like, "Ah, we've tested like seven variations of how we can spin these two to three products. And now we're relatively stuck. And the only way that we can increase the value perception on the offer is to just do harsh deep discount. And we don't want to do that. We don't want to go and just eat 40% into margin and build a brand off a heavy discount reliance." And so, although the offer is unbelievably important, this is a huge variable that we do a lot of testing on. And we do a lot of offer testing for clients. It's something that eventually you're going to hit a wall on. There's only so much offer testing you can actually do. And once you've found the best performing offer, you're stuck on it. And so, that is where then we want to be doing a lot of switch ups in personas. And personas is ultimately what's actually going to give us breadth and volume in the account. And then I have number four in here. There is actually a fourth component of concept design. Now, this didn't really used to exist pre-Andromeda, but it's an additional component that we've added in recently. And it's because of the way it then Andromeda will take different formats and serve it to different people. So, as I said before, I don't get UGC content. I don't get dynamic product ads. And so, you could do all the mix and matching that you want of personas, of angles, of offers to try to hit me, but if the only ads in the account is UGC and DPAs. And so, there is a fourth component to be able to reach more people, which is the format. You can have the same persona, same angle, same offer, and you can change the format and you will reach a different audience. However, this is nowhere near as effective as these other components. If you do this and then you change the format, the reality is you're probably going to hit a lot of the same people cuz you are talking to the same people, you are going with the same angle, and you are offering them them the same thing. You'll get a bit of novel reach, you'll obviously reach people that don't resonate with the current format, but this isn't like a huge unlock great variable in the account. And that's why it is down at number four in the testing priority. Now, the big issue here and the reason why I spent so much time going through the testing priority order is everyone gets this completely the wrong way round. People spend all of their time testing formats. They go, "Oh, let's test some UGC cuz UGC will work." UGC as a concept doesn't work. It is the script, it is the persona, it is the angle, it is the offer that is contained within this type of content that is what works. Just like a professional photo shoot doesn't work. The format isn't what works, it's what's contained within the format. Then people move up to the persona and they go, "We need to reach different people." Okay, we understand that in Andromeda we need to talk to different people, so let's talk to different people. This is the second priority. It is not because if your ads aren't working, fundamentally, you have bad messaging and you have bad arguments for why they should buy. The creative is just bad. And creative being bad is normally a function of the angle and the scripting. And so this is what you should be fixing. Changing up the persona is just you trying to target different people with terrible ads. Then they go to the offer and they say, "Well, all the big influencers, Hormozi, says offer is king. That's the thing that matters the most, so we need to go to the offer." Sure, but you're going to once again fatigue offer testing pretty quickly. There's only so much you can do with your one or two product. And then they end up at the angle, which is their lowest priority, but it should be the highest. So this is how you need to be thinking through testing priority. Now, the practical application of thinking through this format type actually translates directly into the account structure, which is that when you have a campaign, you want your ad sets to be segmented out based on concept. And the reason being is that the targeting exists at the ad set level. And so if you go and put in, as I said before, a bunch of different ads that are a bunch of different concepts resonating with different people, well then the ad set that's trying to figure out who to target is going to get confused. It's going to go, "Wait a second, this is resonating with men, old men, this is resonating with young women. Like, why are there all these different angles in here? Who do we actually target?" Now, yes, there is some siloing of target demographic targeting at an individual ad level, but a lot of it still sits at the ad set level. And so, you're going to get worse performance when you go and bundle all different concepts together. Not only that, because you can't trust the reliability of ROAS at an ad level very well, when you go and put all these together and you don't hit KPI, you do hit KPI, let's say you maybe you got a 3x ROAS here, well, then you're going to look at these ads and not actually understand what concept worked because there's three concepts here. So, what is the learning from this ad set? Well, if it was all under one concept, one persona, one angle, one offer, we could go, "This concept works really well. Let's go and make more like this. Let's double down in this direction. Let's not over leverage. Let's think about portfolio management, but we should definitely put a little bit more resourcing here cuz there's a squeeze available." If instead you have three different concepts in here and it's hitting KPI, what what's the conclusion? Is Is all the concepts working, but this one doesn't have a good ROAS? So, we know that ROAS at the ad level isn't reliable. So, like, what is it How do we draw conclusions out of a campaign structure with mixed-up concepts at the ad set level? You can't. It's very difficult to do. You just got to hope your ads are good and that you get a good return. But, if you want to actually have any kind of learning feedback loop, you want to be structuring the account based on concepts. All right, so here's a full buildout that I've just put together of a persona, angle, and offer that I think would actually crush. The formats we can add as we go along here. So, and you're going to have to excuse my writing. Persona: casual runner training for a sub 4-hour marathon. It's a male. They're a gym-goer. So, they're not just a runner, but they've gone to the gym. They follow XYZ influencers. So, there's particular influencers that we've called out and we know that they're probably following them in some capacity. And they make about 70k a year per annum. This is important in terms of framing value around what we're actually going to try to sell to them. So, where do they actually sit in terms of income level? In terms of the angle, we're going to come in with science backing because we know that this person probably follows someone like Andrew Huberman, so we can come in with at least an angle around him. We're going to go through how creatine improves recovery, but it doesn't improve recovery in general cuz we want to talk to this persona. So, it improves recovery for the long run. Now, people are only going to be doing a long run if they're training for a marathon. That enables a 5-minute improvement on the marathon time. So, we're directly connecting the entire angle to the persona, and we're giving them an expected outcome. Then, the offer is relatively straightforward. Creatine gummies, buy two, get one free. Now, this offer was selected by myself just due to the income level here. So, we probably won't increased perceived value cuz creatine gummies are generally quite expensive, and it's going to be hard to push it onto someone and to reframe them against creatine for running. The actual format here, this is where we can chop and change this, and we can have like 10 different ads, right? We could go into a VSL format. Probably not going to work as well on this age demographic, but it is a potential option. We could go into UGC, which I think is going to be great. We could go into founder talking head. We could go into a more educational high-fi style piece. You could also actually translate this into a carousel. Formats go on and on, but they're probably the starting ones that I'd go for. VSL, I might just leave out for now because the age is too low for a VSL to work on. And so, that is one concept. We're now we can come into here, and we can start changing one of these variables to be able to mix and match it to different target demographics. And so, the reality is is that this angle will also work for women that are training for a marathon. So, we can change over that persona, and we have now a whole different concept that we can start making an ads for. Now, we can tweak the angle a little bit, and rather than making it for long days, we could make it for people that are trying to get up to a 5K run. And if you're just started running and you're trying to get to a 5K run, creatine is a great way to build up initial improvements in recovery, and therefore we can now resonate with a different persona. So, you can start to mix and match this accordingly to reach way more people. Now, on hook strategy, everyone thinks that the hook of an ad is a trick to try to get someone to watch the video. But, the hook of an ad is a play towards relevancy. What you are doing is promising the user that what they're about to watch is relevant and contextual to them. And that distinction matters enormously because a lot of people think that they should just be baiting people into watching. They should be trying to hook them through some kind of meme at the start. And yes, that'll give you really high hook rates if that's what you want to optimize for, but it's not actually going to give you conversions. Now, there's actually three different layers to the hook. You have the visual. This is what's actually on the screen. You then have audio. This is obviously the underlying audio. And then you actually have the copy that overlays the visual. This could also be the primary text that sits above the ad. Now, the reason why I'm even putting this as a section in the video is because the hook is so important in video assets because 80% of people never watch past the hook. And so, if you're going and serving ads into the marketplace and 80% of people never even watch your ad cuz they don't like the hook, so they just skip straight past it, well, it's pretty critical then for us to try to optimize the hook, okay? If most people are never going to see past this point in the video, then let's make sure this video is relevant, providing value in some capacity. You're trying to pull people through the video that are relevant and need to watch. An example of this in terms of resource allocation is that you can spend an hour going and making two hooks and then five different bodies for this ad, or you can go and spend the same amount of time, but just make two bodies and then 15 hooks, and you will probably always get better performance here given that the actual scripting is good on the bodies. And the reason being is that the delta available in performance increase is normally higher in the hook than it is in the body. Once again, assuming scripting's good. If you're not good at scripting, well then like one of these bodies might actually be a good script and then it will hit and you'll get a misrepresentation of the actual impact here of the different components of the ad. Now, in terms of rating whether a hook is good, cuz I do this a lot. I do a lot of reaction videos on Instagram saying this is a bad hook, this is a good hook. And I'm rating how well people have done in putting a hook together. Well, there is actually a grading system that you can think through as to how good your hook actually is. Number one is clarity. Can a stranger understand what you are actually talking about within the first 3 seconds or are you just trying to confuse them as a way to hook them in? Number two is relevance. Now, people mistake this for a persona call out. They mistake this for me taking the persona that I was talking about before and just calling them out at the start. Hey, if you're a mom that has kids and you're age 30 to 35 and you have this problem, well listen up. Persona call outs are super overrated and it's because no one wants to hear themselves called out. People want to hear the problem that they're actually dealing with and so you'll always see much better performance agitating on a problem than you will on any kind of persona call out. And I have this from personal experience. Anytime I get an ad saying agency owners who need XYZ, listen up. I never watch the ad. I move on. But if they agitate on a specific problem, it feels much more genuine. I actually wants to I actually want to watch through and find out what the solution is to the problem that I am actually currently facing. So, you want it to be relevant but persona call outs are nowhere near as effective as just making the problem agitation relevant to the person. We then have novelty. This isn't a requirement but this is a really good way to create white space within the ad that you're making. And so this concept of white space is also this concept of purple ocean theory, which is that you have a blue ocean over here. You then have a red ocean over here. Now, this is actually one of my favorite books that I've ever read. I actually reference it in a lot of content, blue ocean theory. This is that you want to reposition your product into a market that differentiates you from everyone else so that you're not competing on pricing, you're not even getting compared, and you're seen as a completely novel product or service within the market. Red ocean means that you're selling the same stuff as everyone else, and then you're just getting priced down to zero. These are terrible businesses. These are incredible businesses. The issue with blue oceans is they don't really exist because if you're going truly blue, you're selling something that's never been sold before, and that's kind of risky cuz there's no actual market knowledge. You need to do tons of education, and there's no proven product market fit, either. So, yeah, you could reposition into something that you think people might want, but they might not even want it. And so, you realistically want to sit like somewhere in the middle here where you're repositioning into something novel, but it still has proven product market fit. It's still proven that it is going to work. It's just not what everyone else is doing. It's slightly adjacent. And so, we do this a lot in our own content in terms of format testing. So, we'll rotate in different formats cuz we want to test new things. We'll take ideas from other industries, from other people. We'll come up with our own ideas to try to cut through and have novelty that people haven't seen before. I would say this YouTube video is actually an example of that, which is that there isn't many creative courses on YouTube for meta ads that are 2 plus hours long. So, you want to be thinking through that concept, too, in the hook. Now, once again, it's not a requirement, but it will help in standing out without having some kind of gimmicky tactic to hold people through the ad that's not actually unique. The question I would be asking yourself here is has this hook been done a million times? And if the hook's been done a million times, probably don't do it. The next is specificity. So, is there a way, and you're not going to be able to do this in a lot of hooks, but in our specific hook, is there a way we can use numbers, maybe quantify names, or maybe even quantify outcomes right out of the gates that's going to build authority into the hook. Anytime you can start a hook by name-dropping someone that's super famous that's relevant to the product in some capacity, it always does better. If you can name-drop some kind of number, 67% of people got this result, then once again, it's going to build authority. If you can speak straight to a specific outcomes, it's going to build authority and it's going to be more specific to your target demographic that you want to resonate with. And then lastly, we have credibility, which is fairly obvious. Now, with credibility, you're usually not going to be able to do this through the copy or through the audio. It's typically going to have to be done through the visual. And so you were going to need either like someone famous that pops up at the start, you're going to need someone that is uh contextually relevant. So if you're selling supplements, you have a doctor who pops up. If you're selling running supplements, it's obviously like a runner that pops up. You want to be thinking about how you can build credibility. Now, you don't need 10 out of 10 scores on all of these to be able to have a good hook. You really only need a couple of them done well. This is how you should be thinking through hook creation. Now, let me give you a bunch of hooks that you can go and start using. Number one is problem agitation. Do you want to lead with the pain that the viewer is already feeling and you want to make them feel seen. An example of this is "Are you struggling with back pain from desk work?" This will only resonate with problem aware audiences. So you can get really good performance, but it isn't going to be scalable above that stage of awareness. Number two is a contrarian truth. So you challenge a common assumption, you create cognitive friction that demands a resolution. An example here is everything you've been told about protein timing is wrong. And this works across all levels of awareness and it works strong in organic and paid. Number three is specific proof. So you want to lead with a measurable outcome, numbers, time frames, specificity. An example of this is "I lost 12 kilos in 90 days without giving up pasta." So you build credibility throughout the hook. The next one is a curiosity gap. We spoke about this before, which is that you create an information gap that can only be closed by watching. An example is "What the top 1% of brands know about meta ads that you don't." And a funny side note is that my average view time when I use that hook or some variation of that hook is over 45 seconds. And so that hook actually works incredibly well because it creates an information gap in my own organic content. Truth bomb, there's actually one specific client where this is just unbelievably well for. So that's why I threw it in here cuz I don't see many people doing it, which is that you lead with an uncomfortable truth about the product's price, ingredients, or industry. The honesty itself becomes the hook. And so, the hook in this instance is something along the lines of, "This product costs $120. Yeah, it's super expensive, but it's our best seller and everyone buys it. Here's why." It ends up working exceptionally well for premium or higher average order value products where the price ends up being the main objection that people have. So, you confront it way up front, and it actually works really well at cutting through on cold audiences. Cuz even if I've never seen the product before, if someone's opening with, "This thing is expensive." I'm like, "Okay, what is that thing? Teach me more." And then it can go into a very very educational piece. Obviously, that's only going to be relevant to very specific industries. The next is psychological confrontation. And so, this is being direct and pattern interrupting with a statement that feels like a friend calling you out. An example here would be, "You know that drawer full of products you never use? That's the problem." Or, "Stop buying things that make you feel guilty for not using them." It's not clickbait, but it's playing on an emotional pain point. And so, the viewer ends up feeling personally addressed, which ends up acting as a scroll stopper. Once again, all of these things also apply into organic, which is where I think getting good at organic content is actually a very critical skill for getting good at creative strategy because it just translates into paid. We'll keep going here, which is you can also do sensory I'm going to call this a texture hook as well. This does unbelievably well in fashion right now. This is just an ASMR hook. So, you don't need any words, 2 to 3 seconds, close-up of the fabric being handled, a product being squeezed, liquid being poured, package being opened, something ASMR related. These do incredibly well. Uh we have a lot of ads right now that are high performers on this hook. You've then got a founder's letter. You can go and apply all of these into most brands. So, you want to open with the founder and their origin story. So, we started this because {dot} {dot} {dot} Or, "Here is why I left my career to go and build this." The more risk you can build within the hook as well, the better. And so, you want to build tension. And this is once again a big organic strategy that you just want to translate into paid, which is that you want to have high stakes within the hook if you're going to have a founder's letter style hook, so that people have a reason to continue watching. I remortgaged my house and put $300,000 down to be able to order my first order of this product. And here's what's happened since. Like that hook, I could almost guarantee it would do well. Now, obviously, that has to be a real circumstance, which is why that hook does well. Right? It's things that you can't fake. If you actually did put so much risk on the line, it's a great angle to be able to talk about that risk. The last one here is social proof. So, you want to lead with some kind of credibility marker. 90% of customers saw results in 30 days. Now, this is nine different hook types that you can go and take. You can probably apply at least seven of these into your particular brand right now. There are infinite hook strategies. Right? I could write hooks here all day long. I could fill the whole board with 50 different hook types. You can go to Claude or ChatGPT right now and say, "Give me all the different hook types that I can run." The idea is that you want to take hook strategies and you want to translate it into your brand, but the scripting is going to be critical. And where you're going to really see uh a standout from competitors is over here in this novelty piece on whitespace. So, you can become an eight-figure brand by using these hook strategies and having relatively good scores over here, but if you want an ad that's going to hold half a million dollars in spend, you do probably want to generate something novel at the beginning of the creative that's going to stand out from competitors. And then what's going to happen is all your competitors are just going to go and copy it. And so, you will set the trend. Now, I've spoken about the hook a lot, but an an important subcomponent of the hook is the bridge, which is where you move between specific components within the video. Now, the two big bridges that often occur is when you go from hook to body, and then when you go from body to CTA. These two bridges often don't end up being done well. And so, what ends up happening is if you think about product awareness on the Y axis and then you think about time going through the video asset on the X axis, what ends up happening is people hook you in and you'll become aware that it's an ad and then suddenly as you bridge to the body, some people will just instantly introduce the product. So they'll hook you with something like, are you trying to train for a marathon and you want better recovery? Well, creatine from Blue Zones Digital is your solution. That ad won't do well. Hook was good, bridge ruined the whole thing. The whole body could be good. Like the body scripting could be perfect, hook scripting could be perfect, call to action could be great, but the bridge ruins the whole asset. And so you don't want your asset to look like this where there's this massive step change in product awareness as a user goes through the creative. Instead, you want to blend these out so that people are slowly becoming aware that they're being sold to. And so instead, you're looking like this. And so I don't really even need to give you that much information on how to do this. To me, it's pretty intuitive which is just blend in the introduction of the product. Don't just suddenly introduce it or else people go quickly from oh, I was watching something that was educational or that was teaching me to oh, I'm actually being sold a product. And people don't intuitively like that feeling. This also, this jump in bridge will typically ruin the flow of scripting in most very good top of funnel unaware ads. And so when it comes to really good top of funnel unaware ads, what they do is they move people through the stages of awareness as you progress through the ad. This is actually something that VSLs, video sales letter ads do unbelievably well because they get the capacity to teach through the asset. And so you start with unaware. So you're hooking people in with something that they might be interested in, usually some kind of curiosity gap. Then you're making them problem aware. Okay, now I understand that there's a problem with drinking water. If I just drink water every day, not only does it not have electrolytes which apparently I need, I didn't even realize this was a problem, but also tap water's incredibly bad for me. Okay, that's interesting. What's the solution? Oh, the solution is is that I need this amount of salt in this kind of ratio and then I need to stop using tap water. Okay. Ah, there's actually a product that solves this problem. It's canned mineral water with electrolytes in it. Ah, okay. I was unaware of anything. I became problem aware. I became solution aware. I'm now product aware. Okay, this is going to fix all of these problems that I didn't realize I had and now I move down into the aware stage of awareness where maybe I convert on a retargeting ad. Now, this is generally how you want to be thinking through scripting on really good top of funnel ads, but what most people do is that they'll start really unaware. They'll then go problem aware and then like in here they'll just introduce the product. And you're like, "What are we doing? We haven't even moved them to the next stage of awareness. We can't introduce the product yet." And people do this cuz they think in retention curves. And so they go, "Well, if we look at the retention curve on an ad, which is how many people are still watching on average as we move through a creative, the retention curve will look like this." And so intuitively you go, "Well, 80% of people are going to drop off by the 90-second mark. So we need to introduce our product before the 90-second mark cuz we don't want most of the users to not know they're being sold our product. It's the wrong way to think through it. Okay, you actually want to introduce your product as late as possible in the creative because you want people to be problem aware and solution aware and really pre-framed and engaged, ready to buy once the product is actually introduced. You don't want to introduce the product too early before they're actually aware of what the problem and solution is. And so you often end up getting way better conversion rates out of an asset by moving the product introduction and call to action way later because these people are now way more qualified to actually buy and are way more higher intent. And so yes, you can introduce it sooner, but they're not high intent enough that you will actually have worse conversion rates and even though it's more total people, you will ultimately get worse total purchase volume out of the asset. And so that is something to be really careful of when you're thinking about bridging. Now, to wrap this section up, one final question that I get a lot is does hook testing still work post Andromeda? Because isn't the whole point in Andromeda that we need diversity? And if I have a 90-second Facebook ad, me just changing the first 3 seconds at the start, that's not diversity. Right? That's the same ad. We just changed the first 3 seconds. Meta will still recognize a different hook as a different creative. It will get its own creative ID. It will not get pulled together with this asset. It will go and reach a novel unique audience. Now, obviously, there is going to be some degree of overlap because 87 seconds of this asset is going to be talking to the same person with the same problem with the same offer. So, if we actually look at the concept framework, it is the same concept. It's just the hook chain. So, the question becomes is hook changes worth it? Yes. Why is it worth it? Because it is so low effort. Rotating in new hooks is almost free. Okay, when you record the ad, you just record the hooks six times and it takes an extra few minutes and you've got six different hook variations. Or you can take existing high performers and you throw new hooks on them. We have had ads that have spent 50 100 thousand dollars fatigued, then we just rotate 50 new hooks on and we get another 100 thousand dollars to spend at the same efficiency. And those hooks took like 1 hour to shoot. And so, you can very much so keep winners alive through changing hooks. You can also take ads that didn't work and then suddenly make them work by fixing the hook that had a really bad hook rate. So, yes, absolutely hook testing still works post Andromeda. You should be doing it. It is still the highest leverage point in videos, organic, ads, YouTube, everything. All right. So, when it comes to formats, there's five questions that you need to be asking yourself when you're thinking on a format. Number one, what is the concept? We need to define the concept first before we even think about formats. You want to go out, build your persona angle offer, then come back to thinking about the format. You don't start with the format and work backwards. This is the last step. Secondly, does this concept require education? Now, if it requires education, you likely need to go into some longer form asset that's going to educate. Number three, can the value prop be communicated in a single frame? This is obviously going to lean yourself towards images, carousels, something that's easier to produce. Can obviously still be in a video, but you do have an advantage with images that they're very easy and cheap to produce and you can produce a lot of them. So, anytime you can produce statics over videos, you generally want to do it. Now, there's two different approaches to statics, if we just leave these out for the moment, which is number one, you can use statics to quickly test different angles and different concepts, get fast feedback, and then develop that into a video format where you can go a lot deeper and create a more scalable asset. And then number two is that images are very cheap to make and so they often end up outweighing videos in the cost of production. So, if you look at the average spend of an image versus a video in your account, it might actually make a lot of sense to just go way harder on images because the cost of production is super low and the average revenue generation is decent in proportion. And so, this is what is called cost of production against the average revenue per ad. This is something that we calculate for everyone during the audit process because we want to understand what is the average revenue per ad that you put into the account. For most people, it's about like $2,000-ish. And then what is your cost of production against this delineated down to contribution margin. And so, we minus off gross profit, we minus off the cost of serving the ad, we might find that average contribution margin per ad unit is, let's say, $350. How much is it costing us to make an ad? It might be costing us $400. Okay, this equation doesn't work. We're currently paying more to produce an ad than we're getting contribution margin out of each ad. We can then go and delineate this down to images specifically. We might find out images cost us about $50, but they're producing us $300. Videos are costing us 500 and we're only getting 400 here. And so we actually find out even though videos do perform better, the actual cost of production versus expected contribution margin is worse than image assets and therefore we should actually just double down on images. And I know people doing $200,000 a day in revenue on just AI images. And so there's absolutely no reason as to why you can't do hundreds of thousands of dollars a day on images only. And if you can't, it just ends up being a skill issue. Number four is does the product need a demo? This is just going to be a general question that applies to the business as a whole, which is how much education do we need to force people through because obviously you're going to be relatively restricted with images then unless you get really fancy and you you have a good designer. And then lastly, which ties into both of these points, is what stage of awareness are we sitting in? Okay, if we're sitting in a very high stage of awareness, we need a creative that is going to be a longer format that can educate, typically a video. If we are sitting at a very low stage of awareness, like the product aware or aware stages, uh we can just go for DPAs and images and get away with very bottom of funnel ads. I want to reiterate that the belief that image ads are bottom of funnel and video ads are top of funnel is fundamentally a skill issue. Once again, I have seen multiple ad accounts, I've talked to multiple people that do hundreds of thousands of dollars per day in revenue off just that. And so if you're saying, "Oh, statics don't work, they're bottom of funnel assets." It's because yeah, the way that you design them and the way that you approach them and concept them out is bottom of funnel. But you can make top of funnel statics. We're now going to cut out two three ad breakdowns that I have done on static images. We're going to go through an organic tweet format, which is an IM-8 health ad. We're going to go through a creatine gummies ad. And then we're going to go through a GLP-1 hair loss ad and you will see three statics that are holding tons of spend on top of funnel. This is an incredible static ad. 4.7 thousand likes down here. It's by IM-8 and let's break down exactly why it's so good. Number one, it's a new format. They're actually using a tweet here and they're re-posting it, so it feels organic to the platform, but it's actually an ad. Now, further to this, they're reinforcing it by using not a partnership ad, so they're not collaborating with IMA and Dr. James, but it's just Dr. James. So, they're running it as effectively a whitelisting ad through this profile, so you don't know that this is an ad. In fact, you would look at this for a very long time, and it's only until you start getting through the copy that sits under the creative over here, that you actually realize that you're getting sold something. So, what's so good about the static over here, other than it being a common format and that you're not really knowing that it's an ad, so it feels organic? Well, symptoms of vitamin deficiencies. So, right away, we're problem agitating into okay, here's some education around how vitamin deficiencies could be impacting you. Then, this is an unbelievably wide set of symptoms. So, if you have dry eyes, if you have poor vision, if you have low energy, if you have bad skin, if you have cracks on your mouth, if you have fatigue, if you have bleeding gums, if you have painful muscles, if you have excessive bruising, all of these things, very, very wide total addressable market. Well, then, it's an issue with a vitamin deficiency, and it tells you exactly what the vitamin deficiency is. So, you get education around okay, here's my problem, here's the solution. Then, you start probably reading the copy, and you go, "The best multivitamin equals IMA, daily ultimate, 10% off. Here's the thing." Then, you get more educational pieces here about how the product actually works, and obviously, because this is an ad, a big call to action will appear at the bottom here that it will allow you to click straight off the site. So, it problem agitates to a very wide target demographic, it then educates about exactly what the solution is in terms of vitamin to solve your particular problem. It does it in a format that's super organic. It then maintains that organic feeling by not having the brand and company name attached with the post, and then this is obviously driving off to cold audiences, probably driving off to this guy's audience, which is even better up because we're obviously piggybacking off his organic. This is an advertorial static card. These are really good. They perform incredibly well. They only perform well though if you go to an education-based landing page or you use the primary text to educate heavily. So, let's break it down. The best hair growth products of 2025 and the ones to avoid. Here's what the big brands are not telling you. And then we have a bunch of different products here. So, we know or we at least assume, okay, this is some kind of blog. This is some kind of article that's going to educate us around what hair growth products we should actually be buying. Now, even better, it's running through a doctor's page. Okay, so there's a bit of authority here. As a dermatologist, I set out on a mission to find the most effective hair growth products. Not very long copy, so they're not selling us on anything here. Okay, so we want to find out more. So, what do we do? We go and we go and click learn more. Now, from here we end up on a website called dermatologist reviews. Now, this website is owned by the brand that's trying to sell you on something. This is a really good funnel. So, hi, who is the person? Why do they have authority? This is the blog posted. I set out on a mission and here are just the products. Right. And then it goes into all of the reasons as to why and it goes into selling that product. And then it does go into the other ones, but it goes into why yeah, I probably wouldn't choose these. They're not the best. Now, why is this a giveaway that this is actually a brand pushing? Well, because if we look at the rankings here, you can't click on any of these, right? But you can click on this one. And if you click on this one, goes to a custom landing page that then takes you through a quiz funnel. You go through a quiz funnel and then you get pushed through to the conversion. So, this is a really good funnel that they're running here. I really like it. And almost to make sure they're a little bit compliant, I imagine. As you scroll down, this takes you to the same funnel, but as we continue going down, look at all the green ticks here. So many green ticks, one red. Only available online. And then him and hers, oh, widely available online. Oh, that's the best thing about it. All of these negatives, but you can still click here and it takes you to an Amazon affiliate link. And so they're like, "If people are not clicking on us, then we may as well still redirect them somewhere." And then obviously you can see they've put the the into reviewing all of these and all the reasons as to why they wouldn't buy them. This is a super effective funnel. I imagine this is doing quite well for them. If your target demographic is 50 plus, you can serve on Facebook feeds, this ad type crushes. It's static image ads with long-form copy. And the reason why they do so well is they go through a massive story that speaks to an unaware audience and slowly pulls them into being problem aware, pulls them into being solution aware, then pulls them into being product aware, and then finally, they're all the way at the stage in which they can convert. These ads will crush on cold audiences, but it takes an enormous amount of skill to actually be able to write this copy properly. Like, yes, you can be AI assisted, but if you don't know fundamentals of how to emotionally appeal to a specific target demographic, then it's not going to work. And this is ultimately where getting good at copywriting really matters. If you can get good at copywriting and you can get good at pulling people through the stages of customer awareness, then that is ultimately how you can create these static image ads with long-form copy that are going to absolutely crush. Now, in addition to that, to keep it contextual to 2026 in the time in which this video is being made, a type of video asset that does incredibly well right now on older target demographics is a VSL, a video sales letter. The reason why these types of ads do so well is because they pull people through all of the stages of awareness and they're highly educational. You can also really leverage AI within them. We make a lot of just AI VSLs end-to-end, and they do quite well. And then some of them do unbelievably well and hold hundreds of thousands of dollars in ad spend. So, what we're going to do now is I'm going to pop up a few examples of VSLs and me breaking them down so you can see an example of what this ad type looks like. >> IBS, leaky gut, or bloating, you're probably missing this one thing. >> That's a really good VSL. First off, it starts with a persona callout. If you have these issues, keep watching. >> Doctor probably told you to just manage it with a course of pills. That's because >> Then it's going into objection handling, the common way to fix it. >> They're treating the symptom, not the cause. But here >> Then it problem educates and opens a curiosity gap. Okay, I thought it was actually going to cause us to fix the problem, but this ad is saying it's not. All right, I'm going to keep watching. >> Here's what they're not telling you. Your gut isn't broken, it's starving. Your gut is an ego >> I don't love that because it's an AI script. So, that's called contrast negation, which is where you say it's not X, it's Y. You see a lot of this in a lot of scripting these days. I probably would take that out. >> an ecosystem of trillions of bacteria. When the good bacteria die and bad bacteria take over, everything collapses. When you get inflammation, a leaky gut, and your body stops absorbing nutrients. This >> Really good educational piece. >> is dysbiosis, and it's not rare. 40% of people have it. Most of them don't even know. You might be among them, but here's the problem with >> Really good way to enforce that no, you do have this problem because when you prescribe a problem to someone, particularly when it's like a disease or it's a physical medical issue, the immediate reaction is, well, I probably don't have this. I imagine this is rare. So, instantly increasing the TAM by knowing that 40% of people actually have this problem is a really good way to keep people watching to go, okay, maybe I do have the problem. Tell me a little bit more about it. >> with every gut supplement you've tried. They just throw probiotics at it. That's like sending a single soldier into a war zone. One probiotic can't survive in a toxic gut. It dies. It doesn't colonize. It doesn't help. I AM 8 daily ultimate essentials doesn't just add probiotics. First, digestive enzymes clear >> I don't love the bridge. If the ad team's watching this, I would extend for another 15 seconds and educate around how the I AM 8 ingredients actually fix the issue and then introduce I AM 8 as the solution that has those ingredients. >> and undigested food. Second, prebiotics create a safe environment for good bacteria. Third, 10 billion CFU of probiotics flood in and colonize. Fourth, postbiotics strengthen your gut lining and stop the leaks. >> So, the 10 to 15 seconds would be saying, uh the way that you get probiotics to work is that you have prebiotics and postbiotics around it, and that's actually what creates the system to work. Fortunately, Biome Aid has put all of those three solutions in one sachet, so you can get them all at once, and it can fix the issues that we agitated at the start. >> It's a complete military operation, not a single soldier. >> That's an AI script once again, contrast negation. I'll try to avoid that. >> And it works. In a 12-week clinical trial, 85% of >> And then it goes into social proofing, it keeps going on. Overall, really good ad. Just some small points of improvement. >> This ad has 25 million views. It's been running for 3 to 4 years now. It's absolutely crushing, and I'll show you what it does so well. It takes a really common format of VSLs, and then it adds objection handling UGC to the front. So, let's click play and start to watch the ad. >> I want to talk to you about something that's been making waves on social media lately. You've probably seen this guy all over your feed claiming that cutting carbs is >> So, they're using the split screen for engagement and to add more context to the video. >> necessary for weight loss. No need for long hours on the treadmill, either. Now, I know it sounds too good to be true, but let me tell you, there's more to this than meets the eye. >> I decided When you're watching this, you think that this guy is obviously going to disagree with the cutting carbs because he's coming from a news authority perspective, and it kind of feels like a collab video. Like, this guy is talking about how you don't need to eat carbs, it's crazy. Like, what is he talking about? >> I decided to delve into this topic and do some research. Turns out, this guy is a celebrity trainer who's gained a massive following for challenging mainstream advice. He claims that what we've been told about weight loss is wrong, completely wrong. And you know what? Makes a lot of sense when you listen to what he has to say. So, >> So, that's the first time in which he validates the person he's talking about, but everything through that first 28 seconds was contrarian hooks, contrarian takes over and over again. >> Celebrities don't cut carbs. >> That ain't how you lose weight. I don't do that. None of my clients do that. Nobody that has ever asked me how to lose weight have I ever told them to do that because it simply just doesn't work. For anyone who doesn't know their metabolic type, listen up. The fastest way to burn fat and get shredded is not keto, it's not paleo, it's not carnivore, it's not vegan. >> Note that this creative is just going very, very hard on contrarian takes. It's pretty much the entire strategy of this whole ad is like, how do we put as many contrarian takes in here as possible to continue to string people along as we kind of educate and we kind of hint towards that we have our own system. And then eventually we obviously bridge into that system. So they're creating a curiosity gap through this whole thing. Okay, if no one needs to cut carbs, then what is the actual solution? >> And it's definitely not super intense exercises like this. Cuz listen, if you're trying to get in shape and I don't care what it's for, a wedding, vacation, summer, don't care. If you're trying to get in shape fast, you need to follow a plan for your body type. And there is a very simple breakdown of body types. There's three body types. Uh you have the skinny person who's trying to put on muscle. Then you have someone who's kind of in the middle, maybe has a little bit too much fat >> turns going to go into the educational piece. It's effectively going to sell his system in the way that he views weight loss and body types and programming, etc. This is such a good ad. In the last 5 days it's got 2,000 likes. Let's break down exactly why. >> So you hop on chest is >> opens with a contrarian hook and obviously the visuals pull you in. >> What I would say if I was a caveman that wasn't aware of all the way >> builds contrast and then goes into an educational piece. >> is that you can boost it naturally. Being low T can be caused by many fac >> switches over to a different format, which is the faceless format, which is better in it to education, particularly on organic and we're trying to make this ad feel organic. >> High stress, vitamin deficiencies, not enough fat in your diet, not enough good sleep, microplastics, high estrogen, high inflammation. It's become a serious problem for young men who often feel like there's only one solution. >> Af >> So notice they'll problem agitate and then they'll educate. Problem agitate, then educate. So there's all the problems, here's the solution. This isn't the solution for you. Goes back into problems. >> After all, global testosterone levels have dropped over 30% in the last 50 years. Young, fit, healthy >> So, there's the education, and then here's the problem agitation. >> guys will have the testosterone of a 70-year-old that has never seen the inside of a gym in their life. It's a grim side effect of our modern society with low test taking away the feeling of being a real man. A consequence of this is a wave of young men, even teenagers, hopping on TRT out of desperation and because they don't want to fall behind. But, injecting test is a minefield of side effects. Rapid hair loss, high estrogen causing gyno, mood swings, >> objection handling around the core premise of the hook, which was injecting test, and so now he's explaining why that's not a good idea. >> There's infertility and acne, not to mention a big-ass needle injected multiple times a week. In amongst this chaos, how do I, a lifetime natural, have more testosterone than most guys running cycles? Whilst I'm dialed with my sleep, training, recovery, and diet, so many guys who are low T. However, my secret weapon is a Nattie Plus all of me. >> And there you go, there's the product. So, the product's been introduced after about a minute and a half into the creative, which is why it's done so well. It's why it's scaling so well. It's on an influencer profile. People know this influencer. It's likely prioritizing getting served to his own audience. And so, when people are watching this, they're not knowing it's an ad. They're thinking it's educational. And honestly, it's a great educational piece. It goes into testosterone and why you would want to get behind and buy this product. And it does it in a way that's very entertaining. It's fast cuts. It's constantly changing formats. It's built native for the platform, which is why it's scaling so well. >> One important PSA here is DPAs, okay? DPAs, dynamic product ads, those are the carousel ads that will dynamically pull in the product that someone visited on the website, as long as your pixel is set up correctly, pushing back in data on which pages were viewed. DPAs cause a death spiral in a lot of brands. I see this in fashion particularly, uh which is that DPAs have really good attributed ROAS. The ROAS number is very high. Now, the ROAS actually isn't very high once you delineate out existing customers. So, if you remove existing customers, it drops precipitously. And then, you also want to delineate the attribution model down to incremental attribution. And so, you can do this by clicking on the breakdown button in the top Actually, sorry. You click on the columns button, compare attribution settings, incremental attribution, apply. And then, you'll get a split out of what the incremental ROAS is on the ad. A quick lesson on how incremental attribution works is that every single day, Meta is targeting, let's say, 10,000 people in this square. It will hold out 10% of users, and it will look at these people that didn't see your ads, how many of them converted. Let's say, 1% of them converted. Over here, the people that do see your ads, 2% of them convert. Okay, great. What we can do, what's called in data science, is a difference-in-difference calculation, which is simply minusing the control versus the treatment. This equals 1%. So, your ads are actually having a 1% impact, not a 2%. And so, when we see a five ROAS on that DPA, let's say as an example, we actually need to adjust that down by 50% to 2.5. So, that's what incremental attribution is doing. That's what it's going to show you on the ROAS here. And the ROAS in your DPAs is going to be way lower than you think it is, particularly on new audiences. I am still yet to see an ad account where this is a great scalable ad type on cold audiences. Now, is it an ad type that can work on cold audiences? For sure. Can you spend a thousand dollars a day on it? For sure. We have some ad accounts that do. Can you spend fifty thousand dollars a day on it? Absolutely not. Like, you just can't scale DPAs that well on cold audiences. Most people are way overspending cuz the ROAS number looks good. So, just be super careful. Cuz what ends up happening there is because DPAs sit at the bottom of the funnel down here, is that people start reallocating their budgets from these top-of-funnel efforts that have bad return on ad spend, and they just start moving budget down here. And when you start moving budget down here, you start losing the quantity of users that are coming through from the top of funnel, and you start scaling something that isn't scalable, and the whole funnel topples over, and return on ad spend declines, and everything goes poorly. So, in fact, when you're thinking about funnel budget allocation, you want to be thinking about 70% to 90% of budget going towards top of funnel. You want 20% ish of budget going to middle of funnel, and then you want really like 5% to 10% of budget going to bottom of funnel. There's actually a better way to calculate bottom of funnel budgeting, which I'm going to show you later in the video. But, this is rough split on how it should look. Now, what's interesting these days is that you used to do this through campaign structure. So, you would have your top of funnel ads, and you would just set your budget here, you'd have your middle of funnel, you'd set your budget here, and then you'd have your bottom bottom of funnel. Uh the issue right now is there actually is a lack of campaign structure. You shouldn't be structuring like this. You should just consolidate these down, and you might be able to have a bottom of funnel that sits separate. And so, because of that, the actual budget allocation is coming from the creative production volume. And so, you want 70% to 90% of the volume of assets you make to be at the high stages of awareness, and you want 20% of them to be at the middle to bottom of funnel stages of awareness. So, this is more so a percentage allocation of creative production than it is a percentage allocation of budgets across a campaign structure. I would say one of the most underutilized formats in 2026 is partnership ads. Now, I think people are catching on to this actually, and the arbitrage is probably coming towards its end. So, by the time you watch this video, if you're way into the future, this might not be the case anymore. You might have missed it. But, partnership ads, what they are is they run through the creator's profile. So, you'll have your profile here, so your company name on the top of the post, and then you'll have and and then the influencer's profile right here. Now, these days there's actually a setting that allows them to change the combinations, and so sometimes you'll just see the company, sometimes you'll just see the influencer, sometimes you'll see both, and it will split test and decide on whatever the best mix is. Uh but, the reason why these ads do so well is that the targeting uses the audience on both handles. And so, if this is an influencer that's actually somewhat contextually relevant to your target demographic, which I hope it is, this ad will go and reach their audience, and it will use their audience data to find new people. And so, you're effectively leveraging the influencer's audience to help in your targeting on cold, not even just targeting on warm. And that's why they end up doing so well. They also feel super authentic. When you get an ad from a uh influencer profile like this, it doesn't feel as much so like an ad, so it doesn't feel like you're getting sold to. So, when you're getting an organic piece of content, it resonates better. And some accounts that we're working on, we have ad spend up to 40% of total account spend running through partnership or collaborator ads. And so, this is a really important thing that you should have in your account. If you are not running them, you were just at a disadvantage to competitors. All right, so going into the testing framework and how this then translates into the ad account, this is what the testing cycle looks like, which is that you build a hypothesis, which is you define what you're actually testing. So, when we're introducing new creative, generally the test is the concept, and particularly one of those four variables that we're changing in the creative. Then we want to build a bunch of ads under that concept. One big mistake that a lot of people make is that they come up with a concept, they build it all out, it looks amazing, and then they make one ad, or they make two ads, or they make three ads. Like, really, if you want to test a concept properly, you want at least 10 plus ads, considering that most people's hit rates in their account are around about 5%. And so, technically speaking, if you have a new concept coming in, you would need to do, if you had a 5% hit rate, you'd need to do at least 20 ads to expect a winner. And so, thinking about your hit rate in the account as a function of how much volume you need to do to be able to validate the hypothesis is critical. Then you want to go and launch, and I'm going to show you with the exact structure that you should launch into. You then want to go and analyze, particularly against the hypothesis. So, what did we expect? What How much spend did we want to go through? How many conversions did we expect? What was the ROI? And then how did that compare? If it worked, we want to be looking at how we can employ strategies to scale, and then we want to go down and iterate. And this iteration process gets faster and faster the bigger your ad spend. So, now when we think about account structure and introducing tests into the account, this is where there becomes a lot of flexibility. And this is where we prefer not to actually make broad sweeping account structure recommendations because the fundamentals of account structure is that the complexity of the ad account should be a product of the complexity of the business. And so, if you run a startup that's doing $10,000 a month in revenue and you have one product and you have one persona that you're trying to crack, the account structure should be unbelievably simple. You don't need 100 different campaigns. On the other hand, if you're an $800 million fashion retailer with 50 new SKUs coming out per week and you have all of these different business units and regions within the business, well, the ad account's probably going to be pretty complex because it needs to match that complexity in some degree so that we can align the commercial goals of the business with the structure that is being run in the ad account. And so, the structure I'm about to give you is a very broad sweeping, this will work if you're a small to mid-size business, but it's probably not exactly what you should run right now and moving into the future as it will likely evolve as the business dynamics evolve. But to keep it simple, you generally want a testing campaign. Now, whether this is an or a CBO is honestly going to come down to personal preference and I'll tell you how to think about this problem in a moment, but then underlying this, you have your concepts at the ad set level. So, this is concept one, this is concept two, this is concept three, etc., etc. Now, you're either setting budgets across these manually using an or the CBO's just going to distribute budget. Under here, you're going to have all your ads. A common question I get is, "Well, okay, we go and put four ads or five ads under here. How many ads should we launch and when we come up with new ads for this concept, do we launch it in here or do we launch a new ad set?" Which is both really good questions. In terms of ad volume, this is really open based on budgets, but you generally want a minimum of three ads and then a maximum of probably 50 to 100, but honestly, the limit is kind of the sky based on your ad spend. And so, I wouldn't really be thinking about upper funnel upper limits. I would just be thinking about lower limits, which is a minimum of three. When you then want to go and introduce more ads, this is based on whether you're hitting KPI. So, what is going to happen when you introduce more ads under this ad set is you were going to reset the learning phase to some degree. Because there is sequencing that is occurring across all of these different creative. And then when you go and launch more ads in here, you disrupt the sequencing and it relearns how to distribute your spend. Now, that is not good if the ad set's performing well. If this ad set is crushing it and you're really happy with it and you're scaling it up, don't go and mess with the learning phase. Don't go and inject a bunch of new ads. You might mess the performance up. And I've actually personally done this years ago and so that's why I'm very big on not touching stuff that's working. If it's not hitting KPI, and this is way underperforming, go for your life. Do whatever you want. You can turn ads off. It doesn't matter cuz yes, you're going to break some sequencing, but the sequencing isn't working. So, who cares? Go and launch as many ads as you want in here, right? Do whatever you want cuz it's not a KPI. So, you need to change something. But if things are working, definitely don't go and launch more ads in here. If you go and make more ads for this concept, let's say the concept's crushing it, so you go and make 20 more ads, go and launch another ad set, right? And call it concept one and then like shoot two. Or obviously, whatever naming convention you want to use to be able to clarify the difference between these, but then also be able to filter that they are the same concept. Now, the question becomes, well, how do you scale? Let's say concept one is performing well. What do we do? Well, number one, increase budgets. Never turn this off. A big mistake that people make is they take something that's winning and they turn it off and they go and launch it in like a scaling campaign. It's such a rookie mistake, just fundamentally speaking, because if something works, don't touch it. Leave it. Increase the budget. Now, in addition to that, sure, you can take these post IDs and you can wrap them around into a scaling campaign. That's fine. And that will work. It works in a a of accounts. We run scaling campaigns in a lot of accounts, a lot of accounts we don't run scaling campaigns. Once again, it's dependent on the actual ad account and the business. You can run a scaling campaign, you can take these, you can post them over here. If it doesn't work, don't do it. Just keep it in the testing. And then next to these two, the only third campaign that I would usually recommend is to have a retargeting campaign that is generally on existing customers. So, it gives you the ability to exclude existing customers from here and exclude existing customers from here. So, these can surely be cold and that allows you to control budgets. Depending on how long the customer journey is as well, you might want an ad set here on 90-day website visitors as a mid-funnel. But, this is only if you think that you need to increase frequency on engaged audiences. Now, what are the metrics that matter for being able to measure the performance of creative? Let's list them out in order of reliability. Number one is amount spent. Now, this is counterintuitive. A lot of people look at this and go, "Why would budget distribution to an ad be the most important proxy for performance over extended time periods?" And the reason being is due to the sequencing that we talked about before. Right? So, if you have a bunch of different ads, attribution's only going to go to the last ad. So, if we use ROAS as the primary KPI, we're going to miss the fact that Meta's actually putting all your budget here. Why? When this only has a 1.7 and this has a 2.2, why would all the budget go here? Probably because this ad is causing purchases elsewhere in the account. And so, this is actually a great top-of-funnel asset that likely has a low frequency that's cutting through on new audiences. And so, if you're going to look at these three ads, I would say that this is the highest performer if it has double the spend of the other ones. Even though this is a higher ROAS, sure. But, if this could scale, it would have more spend in it and it doesn't. And so, amount spent becomes the best proxy for performance when looking at creative. Number two, sure, is ROAS or CPA. You just want to be making sure you're looking at 7-day click or incremental attribution. Number three is going to be CPC and CTRs. This is a leading indicator for the effectiveness of the ad. Obviously, you can have good CTRs and good CPCs, but the conversion rate of the ad can suck and that's not a good ad. And so this obviously isn't a primary indicator of the quality of a creative. That is where you have to use multiple different metrics in conjunction to be able to assess quality. Um but it is a good leading indicator, particularly on the fringes. So like if we look at CPCs as an example, and let's say this is what your CPCs on average look like across all of your ads. If above this point is let's say a $3 CPC, and none of these ads have ever been profitable, we can use this as a leading indicator to know that these ads at very early spend will actually never work cuz it's too expensive to drive traffic. The next two are hook rates and hold rates. These only apply to video assets, obviously, because the hook rate is how many people make it past 3 seconds in the video, and the hold rate, there's different definitions of hold rate. We actually look at a lot of different definitions in our reporting, but as a generalization, this is how many people make it past 15 seconds. Obviously, hook rates and hold rates are not correlated to conversion performance, but they are a diagnostic tool that allows us to iterate on creative based on what we think is letting us down. And so we may have a creative that we thought was going to do really well, but the hook rate is terrible against our average. And so we try to switch the hook out to try to fix that to see if the body actually performs. Same thing applies to hold rate. People might not be holding through the bridge. Turns out the bridge was actually done poorly, so we redo that part of the video and then we can iterate accordingly. So before I said I would explain versus CBO and the risk profile here. So the reason why you would choose one over the other is actually based on risk tolerance. So what happens when you use CBO is that it's going to play in to Pareto's principle. This applies literally everywhere I've ever seen it, which is that 80% of something will drive will be driven from 20%. So this applies into companies where 20% of people will drive 80% of revenue generation. This applies into the ad account, which is that 20% of ads will drive 80% of revenue. 20% of ads will hold 80% of revenue. Crazy thing about Pareto's principle is that it compounds in on itself and you see this within every single data set I have done on ad accounts breaking down their ad profile. Which is that of this 80%, 80% of this which comes out to 64% of total is driven by 20% of this, which this comes out to 4%. So, 4% of ads will hold about 64% of total spend and total revenue generation within the business. Now, CBOs play into Pareto's principle. And what that means is that if you just allow the campaign to distribute budgets however it wants, it will naturally end up distributing budgets like this. Where majority of all of your budget in the account will go to 4% of your ads. Now, that's fine cuz that's going to yield the best efficiency and performance, but it is super risky. Because if these ads fatigue, you are in a very bad position. You don't have backups. If we go back to the start of the video, which is portfolio management, CBOs are terrible for portfolio management. Okay? Because you're going to over leverage into a few ads. This also becomes an issue when you want to control sell through rates across multiple different products. And so, you might have a large product portfolio that all sit under the one CBO and then all of the spend just goes to a few to particular products. Because Pareto's principle applies into a product level as well. 20% of products will drive 80% of revenue. And so, your entire business will end up skewing and increasing the risk profile, which you might be fine with, but that's the trade-off that you have to make. So, when you think about these two, CBO is increased risk, but likely increased ROI. This is decreased risk, but likely slightly lower ROI. And it depends on which position you want to be in. I personally, if I'm running the business, I actually choose this every day of the week, dependent on like what season and where you are in the business. And so, there are periods in time in which I would actually switch over to CBO if I need a quick spike in efficiency, efficiency is isn't where we need it to be. I don't care about testing and de-risking right now. We just need ROI to come through. But then, ideally, you want to be in a steady state over here where the business is de-risked across more ads, across more products, and a lot more stuff is working so that if something stops working, you aren't in a terrible position. Uh this next point I'm particularly calling out cuz we work with a lot of nine-figure large retailers here in Australia. And if any of them are watching, then they'll know that this problem exists, which is that in a lot of large retailers who a lot of my audience is spent on, there is this 90/10 problem with desire versus pain point led content. And this fundamentally comes from old-style marketing, which is campaign shoots. And so, a lot of these large uh retailers in fashion or whatever industry it is, they were built around campaign shoots. And campaign shoots do one thing, and that is that they build desire. And so, they have models, they have shots that make you want to desire having the product, but play to pain points at all. And so, you end up with the ad account being significantly overweighted towards desire rather than towards pain. And at the end of the day, the best performance marketing assets are those that sit on pain. And so, I would strongly recommend looking at your current creative mix through this lens and thinking about how do we actually start to shift this ratio over to 60/40. Now, I personally think that the best brands are probably closer to 70/30 here. You can almost think of this in a way of like this is performance marketing driven assets. This is branding driven assets. Now, one last thing in the testing framework is assets for retargeting. So, how should you be thinking about retargeting ads on bottom of funnel? This is something I've been saying for a very long time. This is probably one of my first YouTube videos that we put out, which is that on your bottom of funnel retargeting campaigns, you want to think about objection handling. This is the primary purpose of a product aware ad. And you can think about this mathematically, which is that let's say you have a 5% conversion rate on the website. That means that 95% of people did not buy. Now, the question is, why didn't these people buy? What were their objections? Maybe 20% of them had a price objection. It was just price too high. They never will buy at that particular price. Now, they might buy in the future when you're on sale, but right now they won't buy. 20% of people don't trust the brand. There wasn't enough trust credibility markers on the website or the ads that they particularly saw to reinforce them to actually purchase the product. 20% don't like the quality. They think the quality is probably going to be bad. Now, this is arguably a trust issue, but these are really two different things and they should be come at in two different ways. And then maybe another 20% of people are just not ready to buy yet. Okay, so it's too soon. It was the first ad they've seen. It was the first ad they've clicked on. They just need a little bit more time to purchase. So, we want to understand this mix. We want to understand why people aren't buying, and then we want to handle all of these objections in our bottom of funnel creative. And so, on the price objection, we want to be showing discounts. We want to be value anchoring. We want to even going for a creative that's like a cost per use angle. These actually crush on bottom of funnel. So, if you're selling like a supplement, you compare it to a coffee. It's a cost the price of a coffee with the same caffeine, etc., etc. If they don't trust the brand, we want to come in with social proofing. How many customers do we have? How many five-star reviews do we have? Do we have any user-generated content testimonials that we can use here? If they're doubting the quality of the product, we want to show UGC of the product actually in use. We want before and afters. We want demonstrations. And if it's simply too soon for them to buy yet, we want to be staying present and top of mind with educational or lifestyle content. And then this is what the mix should be in all of our bottom of funnel assets. And this is how you ultimately yield strong conversion rates once people have been moved through the funnel. The question is, does diversity or volume matter more when it comes to creative? So, you want to be thinking through volume through this hierarchy, which is that volume matters the most, then concept quality, then hook strength, then editing quality, then UGC talent, then storytelling all the way down the bottom. Now, it's not to say that any of these components aren't important, but it's the fact that volume ends up creating quality, and hit rates are limited within an ad account. And so, a way to conceptualize through this idea is that if you take the best creative strategists, you can pull 10 of them out of 10 different businesses, and you can show them five ads that are all objectively good creative, and you tell them which of these five was the winner. Which one produced the most spend or the most return? None of them will be able to guess it. It will just be a complete guessing game. They'll a- assign reasons as to why they believe this creative is better than the other ones. Might have been due to the concept quality, might have been due to the hook, but the reality is is that people are not very good at guessing the top end level of creative performance. And so, instead, you want to understand where the bar of quality is, and just ensure that ads are reaching that standard. And so, if all of these five ads sit above this bar of quality, and we could objectively say that this is a seven out of 10. So, if an ad is better than a seven out of 10, it meets that bar, and it is indistinguishable from any other creative in being able to try to guess its performance. Where you end up dying in creative strategy is trying to win the game of understanding which ads will perform well at a high level. No one is able to objectively do this well. I've never seen anyone be able to pick winners. And so, you instead want to become very good at understanding what is the minimum bar of quality, what does a good ad look like, and then how do we reach that level of quality, and then maximize volume above it. Where people get volume completely wrong, and the example that I gave way back at the start, which was people were misunderstanding activity for creative strategy, is that they were putting tons of ads into the account, but they didn't have an understanding internally of what the bar of seven out of 10 actually looks like. And so when you go and do an ad breakdown of all the creatives that they were putting into the account, which was thousands a month, the ads just weren't very good. They didn't have any of the elements of a good concept. They didn't have any of the elements of a good hook. They didn't have any of the elements of formats that were relevant to the stage of awareness of the creative that they were trying to produce. And so because of that, yes, they put tons of volume in the account. Yes, they followed this hierarchy, the most important thing on it. But it was just junk volume. It was just a bunch of ads that aren't even good. And so instead, you need to focus your efforts on how do we understand where the bar is, then how do we maximize volume, and then how do we start step-stoning down through all of the different priorities to create a good ad. The question off the back of this then becomes, okay, well, how much volume do we actually need then? And there's a really easy, simple answer, which I'll give to you, and then there's a more complicated answer that you'd have to go and build a financial model out for. And if you're an e-commerce brand, uh we'll give it to you completely for free. We'll put the link in the YouTube description below. So the simple answer is, for every $1,000 in monthly spend, you want one new ad. And so if you're spending 30K a month, 30 new ads. 50K a month, 50 new ads. Now this is in AUD. Also translate this into USD. Roughly that ad volume is fine. Now the better way to do this is to back propagate based on hit rates and expected spend per ad. So what you can do is you can calculate the average spend of an ad. So if you know that across the last year of ads, you've launched, let's say, 500 ads, and you've spent $500,000, well then each ad here, on average, spent $1,000. Now if you know the average return of an ad, which you can look at either your acquisition MER, which is new customer revenue divided by ad spend in the business, or you could just look at ROAS, but if you're going to look at this, look at it on a 7-day click basis. And let's say your average ROAS is a three, and you've got $1,000 in mean spend, well then we know that the average return, or you could call this the expected value, if we're using probabilistic math, is then three thousand dollars in revenue. So, every time we launch an ad, we should expect on average, on a larger data set, that we generate three thousand dollars in revenue. So, then we can start to back propagate this into our actual revenue targets. Now, more specifically, I would actually delineate this down into new customer revenue to be specific to acquisition. So, if you have a 300K monthly new customer revenue target, you take 300K, you divide by your 3,000, 100 creatives per month are required. Now, there's a few nice things about this. Number one, you can flex the actual volume of creative in conjunction with spend, which is what you should be doing. As you go through the year, and your forecast changes in terms of expected new customer revenue, your creative volume should flex accordingly. So, this should be exactly what your revenue looks like, but also what your creative volume looks like. Now, there are two disadvantages to this simplified model, which is that number one, it doesn't take into consideration the average time of an ad spending, and so these ads might generate three thousand dollars in revenue, but it might take four months. And so, that needs to be factored in cuz obviously volume needs to be a lot higher then. And it also doesn't factor in the difference between a winner and a loser. If you got 100 losing ads this month, you will generate barely any revenue. If you got 100 winners, you'll generate like multiple millions in new customer revenue. And so, you need a forecast losing ads versus winning ads separately, and then you need to add the time component. We've built a model that does all of this. Once again, if you're an e-com brand and you want it, you can click the link in the description, uh fill out the form, and we'll send it out to you. Now, when we're thinking through creative budget, how much budget should go towards production versus actual distribution of the assets? If you're at four to 30K a month in spend level, there is no reason as to why your content shouldn't be super founder led. And the actual budget here on production is your time rather than money. Because you really don't need to go and pay for production on this kind of spend level. This can all be done literally through statics in most businesses, but even just founder led videos can get you to 30K a month in spend easily. And honestly, I would challenge that the founder of a business at this size should be creating content because content and creative is the largest lever that exists within the business. And so, understanding what good looks like, what good creative looks like, getting an understanding for how to piece it together, what the editing process looks like, what the ideation process looks like, gives you the ability to then KPI and train people moving forward on one of the most critical roles in the business. As you then move into 30 to 100K per month in ad spend, you want to be thinking of allocating 25% of media budget towards production. So, at 100K a month, that's 25K a month into creative production. This is way more than like 99% of brands are actually spending. And that's also one of the reasons why brands don't actually scale and do that well. It's because they significantly under weight the allocation that needs to go into their media budget. Now, this is an uncomfortable range because the cost of production is so high excessive to the scale of the business right now that it feels off. It feels like this is too high, but it does democratize as you achieve more scale. Once you crack through 100K plus, this percentage really should asymptote down to around about 10% of media budget. And so, as a function of revenue in the business, let's say that you're at a 25% MER, 10% of this would therefore be 2.5% of total revenue in the business. So, 2.5% of total revenue should be going towards media budget. This kind of spend allocation allows diversity in the creative that you're putting in. This is enough budget to have UGC going into the account, to have partnership ads going into the account, to have a full-time either international designer or someone part-time uh in-house on statics, and it can likely support a low-cost uh agency in some capacity to supplement with another creative type in here as well. Maybe it's VSLs or something. I'll give you a real example of a client that unfortunately we had to part ways with about uh 6 to 8 months ago because we couldn't get this concept across to them. And this is why I stress this so much in a lot of content that we put out now, and it's really important that people understand this particularly through the initial discussions when they start talking with us because we really don't want to onboard brands that aren't across this concept. So, this brand was spending 350k per month on Meta when they started working with us. Their CAC was declining pretty steadily over the course of the last 2 years. Now, they only had about 15 ads live within the account on a 350k a month spend, which is crazy. And so, right out the gates, we made a bunch of media buying changes. The account was super over-segmented. The previous media buyer was doing so much over the top stuff because he didn't have anything to work with from an ad and creative perspective. And so, when you don't have anything that you can do on creative, what do you do? Well, you go to the next thing, and that's let's create 25 different campaigns. Let's use big caps, cost caps. Let's try everything to try to squeeze these 15 ads, which ultimately isn't the lever that's going to double this business. And so, when we did the audit, we identified this as the bottleneck. And what we did immediately is as we came in, we went and took all old performers and started relaunching and reworking them a little bit. Even though at the time we weren't doing creative production in house, we just threw this on top cuz we knew that this was the limiter and that we had to get this done. So, we took the ad account up to about 60 ads. Nowhere near where it needs to be, but this is all we could do in terms of high-quality assets that have been turned off in the past. Now, what the results ended up being for this brand is we actually turned them around, which was one of the most insane case studies that we've done cuz we did it with no new creative. And we actually took them from 350k a month in spend. We increased their spend by about another 40k and we decrease their CAC by about 20 to 30%. And so new customer revenue expansion off the top of my head, there's a case study out there on this somewhere, I think it was about like 28%. And so we were able to turn this brand around substantially because of this. Now the issue was that this founder was very much so of the opinion that this spend on Meta is a revenue driver and he spent towards creative production is a cost center. And so because of that, they refused to do any more creative production. We intro'd them to multiple agencies, they went and chatted to them. Uh they actually signed on and then pulled out a lot of a lot of those deals. And so we weren't able to get any more ads, any more creative. And so because of that, there's only so far that you can push media buying over time and so performance started to come down. And then as performance started to trickle down due to these 60 ads fatiguing, ads started to need to be turned off, spend started getting distributed away from them and the account slowly fell back to what it was previously. Now the proposition that we put forward to this brand well before any of that happened was that if you took just $10,000 of this budget, just 10k out of it, and you decrease from Meta and you moved it over to creative production, this could get us with an agency that we were talking to about 40 assets. Not all unique, some were just hook swaps, some were statics, but it would give us 40 assets. This would allow us to almost double the amount of active ads in the account, which would likely unlock at least a 5% improvement in efficiency. Now a 5% improvement in efficiency on 350k is the equivalent of times 2.5%, a 17.5k saving. So we could either drop 17.5k out of this budget, which we already did, we dropped 10, so we've effectively made 7 and a half grand, or we could keep the budget where it is and this would provide us with an incremental 3x was their return at the time on this, so we would make an extra 40 to 50k a month. And so you would actually get revenue expansion in this business by keeping spend the same but redistributing it over to production. It's a similar concept to just changing between channels, but instead of it being a channel, it's creative with an output. But unfortunately, this founder was very set on the fact that they didn't need new creative, that we could just repurpose these existing assets, and that would continue the business going. And this all definitely could have been fixed well ahead of time simply through a slight allocation of this budget over into production. So, definitely avoid being that brand that sees creative as a cost center rather than a revenue driver. Now, one last tactical piece of advice here that applies right now as of April 2026, this might change as the algorithms change, this might not apply into the future, but one of the best ways to quickly test high volumes of assets right now, we actually do this on all of our own ads, is that you post them as trial reels and you cut the CTA off. So, if there's a call to action at the end, cut the call to action out, throw it up as a trial reel on the business page that's going to run through or the personal page that's going to run through, and then what you will get back is two things. Number one, you'll see how viral does the post actually go, does it get any views, does it not, so you're going to have comparative data. But number two, you're also going to get retention graphs, which is going to show you how you've retained viewers throughout the ad. Now, the retention graph is going to show you was the hook bad, was the bridge bad, was the body bad, and this lets you iterate quickly on the next shoot without needing to actually push the ad straight into the ad manager. And you can do this before it's perfected. So, if there's some issues with the captions or there's some stuff that isn't great and needs to go in for another round, you can just take the V1, throw it as a trial reel, cut the call to action off in app, and get feedback while that round two version is actually getting worked on. And then you could pass even more feedback on during that round two within 24 hours before you've even got the final asset. And so, we found this is a really effective way to take a bulk amount of creative and quickly test, particularly on hook variations as well. So, we can take like 20 hook variations, throw it up as trial reels, what hooks actually perform the best, and then only put five ads into the account rather than wasting 20 ads and spending money on trying to figure it out. So, now we move into creative fatigue. So, there's two concepts to understand with creative fatigue. Number one is the two reasons why creatives fatigue, and the other concept is to understand the maximum spend threshold of an ad over time. So, when you think about launching an ad, and on the Y axis we'll put spend, and on the X axis we have time. You launch the ad, it does well. And so, one of two things happen. Either you start manually spending more on it, so you start increasing budgets, or Meta will go and automatically distribute spend to it. And so, spend goes up and up and up and up. Eventually, there will be a limit in how much daily spend that ad can hold. You'll reach that limit, you'll probably go past it, you'll course correct, and then you'll find the maximum daily spend limit of the ad. Let's say it's at like $500 a day or $1,000 a day. From there, this ad will continue spending moving forward in time. It will eventually start fatiguing. It will start falling off, you'll either start pulling budgets or the CBO will pull budgets out of it, and then eventually you will just turn it off entirely or Meta will stop distributing spend. Now, this area under the curve here is the total spend capacity of the ad. So, you can go and do derivative math and just get an understanding of how much area there is there, and you will have total spend capacity. Now, what's important to understand is number one, every ad has a total spend capacity, every ad will fatigue, every ad will get turned off. Number two is you can change what this graph looks like over time. And so, if you want, you can squeeze ads harder in the short term, but they will fatigue faster. And so, you could take this ad all the way up to here in daily spend, but it just means it's probably going to fatigue and be turned off here. Or you could go even more aggressive and you could actually launch it at a high budget, take it way up, but then it's going to fall off. Or you could obviously do the opposite. And you could, under portfolio management theory, which is what we did at the start, is that you actually just want to introduce this ad, but keep it at $100 a day, and you'd rather have it live for 6 months than die off within 6 weeks. Now, this is ultimately more so going to be a product of the inventory constraint and demand within the business. So, if you have a lot of inventory that you need to sell through for the current profitability position in that month, then obviously you should go with option one here and just squeeze the winning ad to sell through as much product as possible, even if it's at a degraded MER. On the other hand, if you don't have much inventory, um or if you're waiting for more inventory to happen, or if you're growing too quickly that your cash conversion cycle can't actually uh keep up with the growth rate, well, then why would you do this? This would be a ridiculous decision. You would instead want to operate at higher efficiency and let the ad breathe for 6 months. However, if you're working with an agency, they don't have any of that wider context within the business unless they're asking for it unless you're actively giving it to them, and so they will see an ad that's winning, and they will go, "Let's squeeze the hell out of it." Because of two things. Number one, we just started working with this brand, and this will give us a great 30-to-90-day case study. And number two, is well, this is giving us the best ROAS, and we report on ROAS or efficiency and profit, and so let's do this. But the issue is it completely screws up the long-term longevity of the ad account and the business because you've over-prioritized short-term gain for the long-term stability in the ad account and the inventory purchasing. So, you're just going to go out of stock here, and you're going to ruin a lot of what's going on. Then the two drivers of creative fatigue. Number one, is the ad itself just becomes stale. So, this is a function of it's just reached its maximum spend capacity, and it will ultimately just achieve at the end of its life cycle. Um this could also be just a function of the ad has the same visuals, it has the same concepts, it's targeting the same audience as the other creatives in the account, and so you'll get much more faster fatigue because you're targeting the same audience with the same value propositions. The second reason ads fatigue is that the audience is actually just too small. When we went through the persona component of uh this video, we talked about how specificity in the persona is critical to being able to script a better ad that resonates with a very specific target demographic. This is also going to generate way better results cuz you're talking to a few people rather than a lot. Making very good top of funnel unaware ads is incredibly difficult. The skill ceiling is very high. Most people shouldn't try to do it unless you're already a $50 million plus brand. Now, with that, if you speak to a very small persona, there is obviously going to be a maximum daily spend capacity that you can spend talking to that persona. And so, if we go back to the example before of men trying to run sub-4-hour marathons that have gone to the gym, that are trying to cut 5 minutes off their time using creatine, very specific target demographic. Now, there's still a lot of people there. There are a lot of people are trying to run marathons and trying to run sub-4, but you're not going to be able to spend, particularly in the Australian market, $10,000 a day on that creative. It's just not going to happen. And so, you need to find out what the spend capacity is, keep it there, rotating creative so that once they use fatigue, we can continue to hit that audience over and over again, because that is an audience that churns, which is really important. So, people will enter into that audience, then run a marathon and enter out of it. So, there's constantly new people coming in that we can continue to saturate. But, we don't want to oversaturate, over-prioritize, overspend, drive up frequency, and then just ruin the profitability of us targeting this audience altogether. Now, an obvious key learning here is that broader audiences will scale much further. And so, if you have a top of funnel unaware ad that speaks to a much larger TAM, total addressable market, you will obviously be able to spend a lot more money on that. In a B2B context, an example of this is that if I have a persona call out at the front of one of our ads that says e-commerce CFOs in Australia earning over a hundred million dollars a year in your business. That is such a tiny pool. There's like how many people fit that particular persona in Australia? It's probably a thousand, maybe two thousand. And so because of that, when I go and put that ad in market, I can't spend a lot on that ad. There would be no point of me going and putting ten thousand dollars a day behind that creative because I would then just be hitting the thousand people like six hundred times a day. Makes no sense. But then if I expand the persona callout to e-commerce founders earning over a hundred K a year, well then that's a much larger target demographic. So the daily spend capacity improves. Now does that mean I should just do broad callouts? Absolutely not because broad callouts means you have to have better creative that resonates with more people. And so you're actually better off having the more specific persona callouts that force you to create better assets and then move into broader audiences once you hit a particular scale. In terms of tactical things that you can do when creative fatigue, there are changes that you can make. Number one is you can make iterations. And so you can take an asset that's already done well, which I mentioned before, a hero ad that started to fatigue, and you can just rotate new hooks on and you'll be able to get more spend through that asset. Number two is you can move the ads over into a cost cap campaign and you can try to get more spend through here. Now this will also work. It will fatigue the creative faster and it's a short-term tactical media buying strategy. It's not something that's really going to materially change the business. Number three, you could go and duplicate ad sets. It's not something that I would recommend. I'm not even going to go and put it down here. I know it's something that people still argue works. I think it's too tacky as a media buying strategy. It used to work back in the day and I could explain the concept as to why it works and why it doesn't now. But if it's something you want to do, you can do it, but I wouldn't recommend it. You can take the post ID of the creative so it retains all of the engagement and you can go and move that into another campaign like a scaling campaign to try to get more spend through it. This sometimes works, but once again, like this isn't going to save the account. And then you could rotate, which is kind of a variation of number one. You could rotate formats. And so if this is a video that's doing really well, you could try to translate it into an image. If it's a VSL that's doing really well, you could try to translate it into UGC. If it's an image that's doing really well, you could try it translated into an unaware long-form copy Stan image, which is actually completely different strategy. So they're really the four options as a creative fatigue. It is just worth noting that once a creative fatigue fatigues, there's not like a whole lot you can do about it. You're That's why you need the portfolio management approach, and you need other ads that are doing well so that you can fall back on them. There are things that you can do though just to squeeze a little bit more out of the back end of a creative, which is what these tactics are. Tying all of that back into portfolio management, on account spending greater than 50k per month, really the job of the media buyer is portfolio management across the ads and diversifying risk here. Portfolio management against the products, and assuring commercial objectives within the business is aligned with what is actually occurring within the ad account. And so the 80/20 Pareto principle's rule applies into ads, and so the question becomes, do we want this naturally occurring within the account, or do we want to force back against it through introducing some structure so that we're not over-leveraged on ads? Same thing applies into products. And then on commercials, this becomes, are we making a balance sheet or a P&L play? And what I mean by that is that agencies will always optimize to maximize profit. Okay, the idea is how do we have the highest efficiency, how do we have the highest profit contribution? That is what they are KPI'd on. But often in a lot of businesses, if you do that, if you over-optimize towards profit, you end up end up under-optimizing towards the balance sheet, and you end up in a position where you have a lot of unsold inventory sitting on the balance sheet that isn't selling through. And yes, you are making profit, and yes, you are spitting out cash, but the cash gets tied up in the balance sheet quite quickly. And so, you could have a P&L that says $2 million in profit, but then you have a balance sheet that has $3 million in unsold inventory, and this business is actually negative $1 million in cash because all of this cash that they produced just moved into unsold inventory. And this is fixable through paid media, through the account structure. You just need to restructure the account to sell through this stock. It's not going to give you the best return. Your efficiency isn't going to be that good. You're going to have to make creatives around this stock as well, which is going to be a hard pill to swallow, but it's going to allow you to get out of this position and rebalance the business. And this is ultimately what the media buy needs to be across. If the media buy isn't across inventory, that is not good. Creative strategy is worthless without the production. And so, moving into creative production, teams briefing, and the process, I want to start with the three content types. Number one is winning content replications. So, this is taking your winners and replicating them in some capacity, okay? Whether that's iteration on the hook, whether this is translating them into different formats, you're taking concepts, you're taking ideas, you're taking creatives that have already worked in the past, and you're replicating on them. This is by far the highest impact content type that you can do across paid as well as organic. If you have organic content that's performing well, what most people don't do enough is just repost the same stuff, redo the same stuff over and over and over again because every single time you do it, it performs just the same, but it reaches a new audience. So, this is where a lot of your effort should go. Then you move into iterative content. This is trying to fix underperformers through changes in hooks, changes in formats. You're working on tangential creative ideas. So, if you have a concept that's working, you're making a slight change to a new persona, or you're introducing a new offer, and you're trying to get it to work. This is the second highest priority prioritized by leverage. And then down the bottom here is net new concepts. This is testing completely new new completely new angles, completely new concepts. You should be doing this and you should be allocating time and energy to it. How much you allocate is based on the performance up here as well as your risk profile. What I would not recommend is some people do 0% here. This is a terrible idea because all of this will eventually fatigue and fall off and you'll be in a very terrible position. So, you need to constantly be finding new stuff to then flow up to the top of the funnel here. But, I would say that most people actually overweight towards net new concepts. I would say that I actually do this myself in my own organic content, which is that probably 80 to 90% of the content I put out is net new. It's new concepts, it's new ideas, it's new stuff I've never spoken about before and 10 to 20% is just the exact same stuff over and over again. And what ends up happening is all of the winning content replication always does unbelievably well, holds 80% of the views and this stuff doesn't really work that well. It does allow for continuous winners to be pushed up here, but this is probably an over-allocation. And so, my recommendation, generally speaking, this is going to change contextual to the business, is that you want about 20 to 30% of effort down here, another 20 to 30% of effort down here, and about 50 to 60% effort up here. Now, when it comes to briefing in creators, the key here is that the quality of the output of the creator is going to be a product of the quality of the brief. Okay, so you want to do two things when you're sourcing creators. Number one is you want to check what they've made in the past. You want examples and if you're not doing this, that's kind of crazy. That this is kind of self-evident, but you want examples of what they've produced in the past. But, not only that, this is kind of where the additional source is is that you go under that and you get the brief of the example that they created. Cuz that's going to give you a direct one-for-one comparison of how does this creator produce against a brief? Was the brief super in-depth and therefore we need to match that level? Did this creator make something amazing with a terrible brief? Okay, then we know that we can give them relatively broad strokes and they're going to pull it into something that's going to be good. Now, generally speaking, I want the highest quality, most in-depth in-depth brief possible. If they don't want to hold to the script, that's fine. Shoot one that's held to the script, shoot one that feels more natural. We can choose the best, we can run them both. Um but you really want examples and the briefs associated with those examples to be able to set yourself up for success when you're going and building out creative briefs. When it comes to building out teams around production, I've seen a lot of different teams that all produce enormous amounts of volume, but there's a few different key hires that you should think through when you're thinking about maximizing volume within a team. Uh number one is a video editor, specifically for video ads. Now, if this person can be AI native or someone that uh has built a lot of AI creatives in the past, this is even better because this just unlocks the ability to make way more assets and work with way more footage that doesn't actually exist yet. Another one is a designer for statics. Okay, now both of these can be based anywhere globally. Both of them can be part-time contractors based on actual outcome or they can be full-time within the business. Then as a third, you want a creative strategist. Now, this is a new role that didn't really exist two to three years ago and therefore there aren't actually many creative strategist out there. So, what do you actually look for when hiring for this role? Well, you you look for number one, copywriters because creative strategy is primarily copywriting. They're writing the scripts, they're writing the brief for the static image, they're ideating on new personas. This is exactly what copywriters have been doing except copywriters are now redundant because LLMs will just produce most of it. And so, these people are coming up with the ideas and then they're moving this into a Claude scale, which needs to be built by you and brand purposed to then output an actual script that then goes into production. The next option is you just poach a creative strategist from somewhere else. There's enough floating around now that you can probably find one. Or the third is you actually backfill this role from a designer or a video editor. And so, you train a designer or a video editor editor up into becoming a creative strategist. And this actually allows for faster feedback loops cuz they can ideate on all the ideas and then they can design and then they can obviously brief in for any video edits. These are really the two pathways into creative strategists as it currently stands. Now, in terms of a side note here, what a lot of people will do with their creative strategists, which depending on the scale and volume that you're at, depends on whether you want to do this or not, is they will actually pay out a percentage of ad spend based on the creatives that they obviously come up with and then brief in. And so, the creative strategist is directly incentivized to maximize hit rates because if their ads don't get spend and don't perform, they don't get paid. Typically, this sits at about 3% of ad spend. So, you'll pay out the creative strategist on top of a base salary with a percentage variable model that is obviously directly proportional to the results within the account. Now, I've seen this work really well on mid-size brands. When you get really big, this gets outrageous cuz these creative strategists end up getting paid like $80,000 a month and so then the model kind of breaks and you end up moving away from it. A really important part of this whole component of all production is where does AI fit into the mix? When you break down the creative process end to end, you've got ideation as step number one. You then have briefing. You then move into the actual production and then you move into the publishing into the account and ultimately the analysis process that feeds back into here on future ideation. Now, a lot of people are going and applying AI and they're building clawed skills for this right here, the ideation process. This right now, at least at the time of recording, is not the place where you want to automate because the reality is is that all of the LLMs just output the mean. And so, no matter how much context you provide, no matter how much documentation you have, no matter how much you build out your skills to go and scrape Reddit and all of these different forms to come up with unique ideas, ultimately the ideation process here ends up not being strong enough to differentiate from competitors, and you still need a creative strategist to really do a lot of heavy lifting here to validate the concepting. When you then move into briefing and script writing, this is when this can be heavily leveraged with AI. That's when you want to build a Claude skill to be able to walk you through like a 20-question questionnaire about who's your persona, who's the concept, who's the offer, do you want this to be long-form, what stage of awareness is it at? And so, you're answering all of these questions, and then ultimately at the end of it, it pumps you out a script or a brief that's going to be 99% of the way there, and you just have a 1% tweak. On production, there's a lot of leverage right now in AI as well. It's obviously going to speed up workflows, but in VSLs and static image ads as well, you can pretty much get away with AI for 90% of it. Then in the analysis process, this is also where AI becomes a little bit dangerous because it won't over weight to the hierarchy of metrics that you're looking at, and won't sit towards the importance of the account structure and aligning the context of the creative to the commercial objectives of the business. So, there is leverage here. You can use it in analysis. We use it in analysis. But there is so much context required that it still misses a lot of the time, and if you're using AI analysis to make core decisions within the business, a lot of the time it actually misleads you in the wrong direction. And so, with AI application, I would try to skip the outsides and really maximize throughput on the middle. Want to make a quick note here on content-first brands, which is brands that are starting with organic content first before they even touch paid. I think this is the approach for '26 and '27 because it's not due to the fact that organic content outperforms paid, but it's due to the fact that organic content forces you to become good at creative, which then compounds into paid when you know how to make content that people actually want to watch. And so my recommendation to smaller founders that are watching this video is that I would be posting organically every single day. I would be getting good at figuring out what good content looks like, see what actually gains views, look at the retention graph, look at the share and save rates because this is ultimately going to improve your ability to make ads that are actually at a good quality. Another side note here is that when it comes to creators, you want to make sure that they're regional to where you're actually targeting. So as an example of this, in Australia, you want Australian accents. When you go to the US and you try to translate an Australian accent into the market, it just does not perform as well. So you need native US accents. Uh UK to AU actually translates decently well, but still native accents always outperform. So you want to make sure the creative is a native to the actual region that you're targeting. It can be the exact same script, it just has to be a local creator. And then one final recommendation when it comes to production is on copywriting. Copywriting is still one of the highest leverage skills when it comes to building out video assets scripts and also building out static images. Particularly long-form copy static images. There are four books on copywriting that I have read and I recommend you read all of them if you're wanting to become good at creative strategy and copywriting. Number one is Breakthrough Advertising by Eugene Schwartz. Number two is Scientific Advertising by Claude Hopkins. Number three is Ogilvy on Advertising by David Ogilvy. And then number four is Influence, the Psychology of Persuasion. If you read those four books, you will become exponentially better at being able to actually script out copy that will convert better through ads. So if we now go and put it all together, the foundation is that you want to understand how the ad platforms work. Understand that the creative is the targeting. Concept separation is what's going to allow you to reach new audiences. Then when it comes to concepts, you want to understand how to split up a concept, start with personas, move into angles, then move into the offer, and as the final component, you want to bring in the format. Hooks drive 80% of the view through within an ad, so it's really important to spend time in optimizing that portion of the ad, and usually hook testing across multiple different videos. The three components of a hook is the visual, the copy, and the audio. You can change any three of these variables and improve performance. Then, you move into the format. You want to start with the concepting first, then always move into formats. Statics are great for quick testing on new concepts, and then they can be validated and moved into videos. Statics also are incredibly underrated, and most people don't think they perform well because it's a skill issue. I have seen static image ads spend $500,000 in lifetime spend. And you want to always be careful on DPAs. DPAs are good, but they generally overspend and the ROAS number over inflates them. When it comes to testing, you always want to be testing one variable at a time. You want amount spent to be the best proxy for performance, then ROAS and the tertiary metrics. And the actual structure of the complexity of the business. When it comes to thinking through volume versus quality, you want as much volume as possible, as long as it meets the bar of quality that we would classify it as a good ad. If it's a good creative, no one will be able to guess which one will win, so put them all into the account. When ads fatigue, it's because you're either trying to push too much spend through a niche audience, and it's driving up frequency, or the ad has simply reached its lifetime spend, it's falling off, and you need to diversify by thinking through portfolio management risk. When it comes to production, we ran through all of the relevant and tame structure that you should think through, as well as the fact that you want to be putting majority of your production cost towards iteration, rather than net new concept design, because that's going to drive most of the performance. And then if we do one final breakdown of spend per month, and the recommendations on how you should approach creative, at 4 to 30k a month, the founder's creating the content, it can be done on an iPhone, you want it to come across natural, all the leverage is going to be in how strong the scripts are. You You to be working on three core concepts, you really don't need more than that at this scale. You just want to do these well. You want a high testing allocation. Realistically, 60 to 80% of your budget's going to go towards testing because you just don't have enough spend yet to even scale winners. And then you can use trial reels as well as a hack for validating ideas. Once you move into 30 to 100k per month, you want two to three UGC creators. 25% of this spend needs to be going towards production. You're going to move into five to six concepts. You want to start branching out and de-risking. You're going to have an and then likely a scaling campaign. You're sitting at 30 to 100 new creatives per month here, or you're using our creative calculator and it'll give you an exact amount. And then as a little hack at the bottom, you want to be introducing partnership ads. And then if you're at over 100k per month in ad spend, you really want a full creative team. Someone who's doing scripting, you want an editor, you want four to six creators, and you want a designer. Now, these could be part-time, but you want these resources in place so that you have the production machine in place to churn out creative. That's really what you want to be looking for at this ad spend level, is you need a system that consistently produces creative on an ongoing basis. If that isn't in place, you're just constantly going to be scrambling and creative will be the bottleneck. You want at least 10% as a minimum budget going towards creative at this spend level. You want eight to 10 active concepts within the account. You want at least 100 new assets per month based on the basic 1k per ad formula. And you want a financial model in place that's tracking your cost per asset, ideally across the different sources. So, how much is these creative pieces costing you? And then, what is the average profit contribution per ad on these creatives? So, we can start to see if the cost per asset of these different content types is actually worth it. And you want to be tracking ROI at an individual ad level based on ad spend against the cost of production. For most people right now, creative is the constraint on meta. You don't know what good looks like until you start doing volume, building out concepts, scripting, getting ads in the account, and beginning that feedback loop. So, as a wrap-up, if you're a performance marketer and you have at least 2 years experience, please reach out to us in the description below. We're always hiring. And if you're an e-commerce brand or a retail business doing at least 5 to 10 million dollars a year at a minimum, you can also click below or reach out to us and we'll do a completely free audit where everything that you've learned in this video, we will actually translate directly into the ads that you're running, directly into your ad account. We'll pick it apart so that you can know how to unlock the current bottleneck that's stopping you from growing. And also, please subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Timtim3384 [3 likes]: Bro cooked in the video
  2. @chingizkakimzhan5702 [2 likes]: By far one of the best videos breaking down the fundamentals of running ads and creative strategy. Notebook filled with notes. ABSOLUTELY GOATED
  3. @Tarjeskar [1 likes]: Video 10/10. Handwriting 7/10.  Hair 9/10.
  4. @toufik3526 [1 likes]: The only bad thing about this video is that it ends. It’s packed with so much valuable information.
  5. @rahulgholyaecomuplift [1 likes]: The value you provided throughout the video is insane bro, Made more 10 pages of notes.😅, Thanks man for the incredible value.
  6. @MarlonOfficial2 [1 likes]: Amazing vid!
  7. @tomersz6467 [1 likes]: Amazing masterclass
  8. @Friend.from.school [1 likes]: Such a great video thank you. So practical
  9. @Alkahfi-hn8ik: In regards to structure, you suggested 1 concept per ad set and concept = persona x angle x offer. So if I change one element such as the angle, do I create a new ad set then?

To go with the concept you shared, if I change the angle from long run to 5km run but persona, offer and format stay the same, should I create a new ad set?

Btw, it's a great video. Thanks for sharing this and keep it up man.
  10. @VGmedia-y2u: BSD is the goat. Quick question: What do you think is the difference between Avatars & Personas. Here's what I gathered so far : Avatars are the ideal customers that we as a brand want to and Personas are the buyers that is or is closest to that said  Avatar 

Guys reading comments share your thoughts, what do ya'll think?
  11. @Jack-TGM: the hook test before scaling is something i wish i'd done from day one. used to build out full campaign structures around creative i hadn't validated, then wonder why cpa was all over the place. now we run a dedicated creative testing campaign at low budget, find the 2-3 hooks that actually stop the scroll, then scale those into a separate prospecting campaign. takes an extra week but saves so much wasted spend. what's your typical threshold for deciding a hook is worth scaling vs cutting?
  12. @SpinbetterPartners: Nice vid! 🔥
  13. @Thijsosw: when you choose broad targeting with advantage +, meta says the optimisation happens on an ad level.. not adset..

so yes, you should test different concepts in different ad sets, but only the variations of the concept.. so concept 1 TOFU + 3 variations, next adset is concept 2 BOFU + 3 variations etc. Then you put all you winners in 1 control adset (for all different stages of the funnel) so you get TOFU MOFU BOFU in your control, then you look at what needs extra work and can we improve on those winners, by testing new concepts or creatives in a seperate adset.. then you let the 2 (tofu for example) ads fight it out with eachother to see if the new concept wins from the control..
  14. @KyleHilliard-n7e: never saved anything to watch later so fast in my life lmao
  15. @SoyArty: GOAT
  16. @zaynjmusic9735: what a legend , thanks bro . question please , would you go very specific with your persona targetting even in a small population like New zealand , or would you keept the targetting of the creative more general for a smaller population ?
  17. @ReidBerger-u5h: THE GOAT
  18. @guidedstrategy: Thanks for the content! I launched my first DTC business 2-months ago, have been struggling to find the 'make it make sense' part of ad account structures, strategy, creative. This did it all. Legend!
  19. @exploring_of_unseen8981: The contect is too good.
  20. @salmanlahori6416: 57 hook

- Alex Hormozi's NEW Facebook Ads Strategy (Andromeda Breakdown): Kind: captions Language: en Have you guys seen Alex Hermosi's ads recently? All right, just come up here, check this out. All right, so we're in the ads library right now and I want to show you guys the ads that he is running. Okay, look look at these simple ads, right? This is a white background, black text. If you're a seven-figure landscaping or hardscaping business, we want to help you scale. Next one. If you're a content agency doing a million a year, we want to help you scale. Next one. If you're a seasoned weight loss clinic practice, we want to help you scale. Now, he has 1,700 active ads going on right now. Okay, we can go to the top just to show you. 1,700 ads, okay? And once we come down here, I'm going to come back to these. He has probably hundreds of these black and white images, okay? All calling out different avatars. Look at all this. So, once I saw this, I was like, this is crazy. I wonder if he's doing it with School, too. And he is, okay? Check this out. So, over here on School, okay? They have 3,700 active ads going and they're doing the same play, okay? You can see keto coaches, business coaches, holistic health coaches, self-defense teachers, swimming coaches, ceramic teachers, tennis coaches, mental health coaches, sobriety group coaches, divorce therapists. And again, if I just keep scrolling, this just keeps going on. Energy healers, spray tan business owners. Like, there's so many and some of these are funny. I'm like, man, these are super niche, you know? Money mindset coaches, sewing teachers, dating coaches. I again, I'm telling you, they just go on and they'll probably do about a hundred or so, what it looks like for one type of style and then they'll make like more styles. But again, they're all they're doing the same type of creative style, just different avatars. Now, when I saw this, I was like, wow, this is a great example of how Andromeda, which is the new update Facebook made. If you guys haven't watched my older video on that, go check it out. It just really covers the big changes Facebook has made here. I'm going to share with you guys just a quick article, little bit and an tidbit on it. And then I'm going to share with you guys how I would structure something similar if you're a smaller business trying to scale with Facebook ads using a similar strategy, okay? So, let's come back. Jon Loomer is an OG in the in the Facebook advertising space. He made an awesome article on this. In the other video I I made, I also referenced this article. So, let me just going to break this down. From a high-level overview, Andromeda is Meta's new retrieval engine. It takes millions of ads and narrows them to find thousands of candidates and it does so in a way that Meta claims is faster, smarter, and more personal than ever before. In other words, Andromeda is designed to handle the explosion of creative options. The more meaningful variety you provide, the more opportunities Andromeda has to connect the right message to the right person. So, coming back to this over here, you can see he's got a lot of variety in who he's calling out. And with the Andromeda update, the retrieval engine is better. So, it's better at finding the right people to put the right ads in front of. So, you used to have to be really specific with your targeting at the ad set level and only say, hey, I want a look-alike audience or I want Tony Robbins' audiences and interests and all this stuff. That has changed so much. Now, in 2025, going into 2026, the creative itself does the targeting. So, whoever you call out in the ad, the ad is going to get served in front of. Okay, Facebook has developed a technology that allows us to not worry so much about targeting and instead, we can focus more on the ad itself to be delivered in front of the right person. Okay, so before I share my screen and walk through the campaign setup, let's just talk from a high-level overview. You'll notice that Hermosi and School both call out different avatars in all of their ads. If you're doing less than a million a year, it's probably not a good idea for you to test multiple different avatars, okay? So, instead, how I would structure this is I would have one specific avatar and I would test out multiple different pain points or hooks or problems or goals or outcomes that they want to achieve. So, we want to use creative diversity to have different marketing messages that apply to the same person. Because what that allows you to do is instead of trying to figure out who do I help with all these things, most of the time we already have an idea of who our avatar is. So, instead of of targeting different avatars, pick one avatar and have multiple problems. And then what we can do is once we find a winning angle, so a winning problem, by putting all of these into one ad set, which I'll show you how to do in a second, we spend a bunch of money on them and we see Facebook's like, this one right here got you the most leads. This one right here got you the most amount of sales. Now, I can say, cool, what is the copy that was used in that creative? And that is what I can make more ads around. If you're under a million a year, you don't need multiple avatars. You need one or two really strong winning angles, okay? Angles are like pain points. And then we want to make a bunch of different creatives around that angle. As you scale, you will need more angles, you'll need more avatars, etc. But when you guys saw this video and you saw how he was doing it, I just want to say, hey, you do not need to have multiple avatars for your ads. If anything, it's going to make it more confusing for you. When you're at scale, you do. He needs to make his total addressable market bigger. If you're under a million a year, you don't. Pick one avatar and test a bunch of problems. All right? So, let's jump into the logistics of how to do that. Okay, I'm here on my computer right now and this is how I like running most of my campaigns nowadays with these new updates. Again, because targeting isn't as important anymore, targeting happens more at the ad level. So, I'm a huge fan of having just one simple campaign, right? Where we have one broad ad set and then inside we have 10 to 50 ads. All of those are going to be either top of funnel ads, middle of funnel, and bottom of funnel. All are in there together, working together to decrease your cost per result that you're optimizing the campaign for, okay? That's what I like to do. Now, the problem with that is that if you're going to do something like this where we're going to test a bunch of different creatives, okay? Like, you know, 20 to 50 that are all kind of minor tiny tweaks, I wouldn't want to drop that in this one ad set campaign because it's going to shift a bunch of the budget away from what's already optimizing and working. So, it can actually destabilize the campaign as it's going through testing. Facebook is is trying to expand the limit of amount of ads that can be in an ad set. I've heard some people say they have upwards of 250 ads per ad set. I still have some older campaigns that only have a 50 ads per ad set limit. So, if I dropped 20 different ads inside of here, I'm not going to have ad room for other ads. So, because of that, you're going to want to do a two-campaign structure if you're going to do creative testing like this. Now, how I would run this is I would make one campaign, one ad set, very broad and I would throw all of the different variations, again, minor variations, into that existing ad set. Testing new hooks, pain points, etc. And see what gets the most spent, okay? What gets the most spent, what gets the most results. Then I would take that and then I would say, okay, cool, this is the winning angle. Now, I'm going to start making more ads, aka this is creative diversity, more ads to test with this angle so I can scale my campaigns. Again, the name of the game right now is creative diversity and the thing is what I'm hearing a lot of people think say when they think creative diversity is like starting from scratch ads, making it from ground zero. But again, if you're under a million a year or even at 2 million a year, you should double down on what's working. Double down on the messaging that is working, the pain points that are working. So, how can I create creative diversity if this ad that I'm launching right now is a static image just with text? How can I turn that into a B-roll ad that's going to attract a different type of person? How can I turn into a video ad that's going to attract a different type of person? How can I change into a different static ad that's going to attract a different type of person? But we don't need to go ham and create all scratch ads if we don't need to. Instead, we're going to find the winning ad, okay? Winning angle in this campaign, okay? Find the winning ad and then we're going to replicate like crazy, but again, using different creative formats, okay? So, that's the name of the game here. And what's going to happen to once this campaign is over and you found the winner, you can kill this campaign and launch a new campaign of your next test, right? And you can move all of the winning creative angles into your original scaling campaign, which is the same one as this one here. Okay? So, let me show you in the ad account of what this would look like, okay? So, I'm going to skip the naming conventions. I typically would do this, organize it really cleanly, but I just want to show you from a high level of how I would set this campaign up. This is going to be the testing campaign to test all of those different hooks in one campaign, okay? So, I'm going to first have a minimum budget of a hundred dollars a day for this because we're testing a lot of variables, okay? At the ad set level, what I'm going to do is I'm going to come down here and I'm going to keep this extremely broad, okay? So, I'm not going to touch really anything. The only thing I'm going to adjust is I'm going to change my minimum age to 25 because I just don't want younger people getting these ads cuz I can't help them, okay? Other than that, I'm going to keep this 100% broad. This is a testing campaign. Then I'm going to jump down into the ad level and this is where we're going to make our first ad, okay? So, I'm going to come down here. I'm going to leave pretty much everything as is. Single image, it's got my link there and then add creative. This is where I'm going to add the ad. I'm going to scroll over to my media and then you can see I already have a bunch of ads that are listed out here. Here's my first one. I'll go ahead and push one, okay? I would write out all the text, okay? I would typically do two to three variations of primary text and headlines for these. I'm going to skip that for the time being so you guys can kind of see what the full campaign will look like, all right? So, boom, that is my first ad here. I don't like the site links. I'm going to turn the site links off. I just don't don't like them. I just want them to go to my funnel, not anywhere else on my website. So, I'm going to turn that off and if you already have the creatives added to your ad library, be careful on this. So, a lot of people I've been seeing aren't turning this off. And this is fine in a scaling campaign, it's fine, but in a testing campaign it's not. So, this says 10 media are being used in this ad. And as you can see, this is a different version of copy than that one. If you're a coach doing a 10K a month but posting content with no ROI. This one over here is this if you've tried ads and failed. I don't want all of these being added because that's going to throw off my test results. So, make sure that you have related media off for this testing campaign. Okay? We're going to scroll down here. Everything else should be pretty good. Uh creative enhancements, I I turn most of this off. I'm going to turn all enhancements off. And then the only one that I really will will keep on and these are actually look they're already checked on. Enhanced CTA, reveal details everline, yeah, turn off that. Cool. Okay? So, boom, that is my first ad. And once that is done, I'm going to go ahead and push duplicate and I will duplicate for the number of ads that I have. Right? So, if this is 20 ads, I'd have 20 in here. Now, again, I would name these better. I'm I'm going through this kind of fast. I would name it like, you know, the first one ad one, ad two, ad three all the way through. If I wanted to make it even more specific, I could say, you know, white background ad one. White background ad two. Or you could even Some people use naming conventions like, you know, 101, 102, 103 and they have a whole Google sheet that kind of walks through the naming conventions. Again, I'm not I'm not trying to cover that in this video, okay? So, once I made that first one, I would then go to the second one and all the stuff that I've already made is going to be on this one from the last one. So, all the copy, everything. And all I would do is just edit media and I would swap it out for the next image. All right? And that's pretty much all I'd have to do. All right? And I do that for all of them. Uh it does look like you can see the related media got turned on again. So, just exit out of that every single time because it just uh keeps adding more. It just wants to do that. So, make sure related media is off. Okay? But I'd have all of these ads in here. I would launch them and then based off again what is getting spend and what is getting results, I would take that creative and say, "Okay, now I'm going to start making video ads." I'm going to make take this same wording, right? So, if you're a coach making 10K a month you've tried ads and failed. I can turn that into a video ad. I can say that as a video ad on my iPhone just like me walking and talking. I can do a professional video just like this talking to it. I can take this same one and post it uh as a selfie like of me, right? I could do one of me holding up my iPad and have like little bubble text, right? So, what I'm trying to get at is this is a great way for you to test really fast. And again, I would keep this coming back to my example over here in a separate campaign, see what works and then throw the winner into the scaling campaign or I can start making variations of it to scale the account uh and put that in a new testing campaign, okay? I don't want to get too in into the weeds here cuz again, there's so many ways you can do this and structure this. So, if you guys are looking for help learning how to launch and scale Facebook Instagram ads, I'll have a mini course link down here below. It's to a free school group that walks through exactly how we uh set up campaigns, whether they're DM campaigns, conversion campaigns, follower ads, all of that stuff. So, if you're looking for help growing your business, go ahead and click that link, join the mini course today. All right? So, that's what I got for you guys today and I will see you guys next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dontknow2949: Do you do any one-on-one or mentoring or have a course for ads that are made for Shopify store products or Tick Tock, something like?  Ugc ads, ai ads
  2. @Alex-Phocas: Really really helpful mate
  3. @cdropbox: very useful
  4. @axidote98: very helpful. I'm trying to learn making creatives and seting up a campaign for a monday/tuesday deal for a restaurant and Its a bit scary bc the business margins are already very low. and since this is my first campaign i'm not even charging any money 😅. Do you have any recommendations on where to start learning about making basic but effective creatives. if you know a youtuber that is knowledgeable in that area i would love to hear a name or two. thanks for the vid
  5. @unknowndnd11: Do you not run retargeting campaigns anymore?
  6. @guanyuan3285: Correct me if I'm wrong, from the ad creative style (white BG black text) in the ad set you set up, wouldn't this signal to Andromeda that they're pretty much the same thing? (Not much creative diversity)
  7. @RafaelBelor: the link to the skool community doesnt work... :(
  8. @AdamLundquist: So you don't test the headlines per say? You would have three headlines but are really just testing the creative?
  9. @blokeinthearches: Matt - if we're running a test for a specific product (e.g. a designer kettle), are you suggesting it should be the same image in each of the ads, albeit with different text overlays? I was under the impression Meta was punishing creative similarity nowadays?
  10. @kouadiostephane6555: And if you are an e-commerce business with multiple products, do you run a campaign for each product or a campaign for all products?
  11. @ansel_br: 🙌👍
  12. @HansSmith-mn9mz: We are based in Europe, and everything was working great until about 10 days ago, around the end of February. We mainly run video ads, which have been performing very well, while our static ads have never worked as well. However, our leads have suddenly dropped by about 50%, and we’re not sure what’s causing it. We’re wondering if it could be related to the Andromeda update or possibly the war in Iran affecting people’s willingness to engage spend as the situation in the world is crap currently
  13. @IgnasPuluikis: Matt, great video, thanks for sharing your knowledge. I do have a question - when you are testing 20 new ads (white background static image with different angles), do you use the same three headlines and primary text options for all the ads? Being more specific, I mean, how do you isolate what was the winning part of the ad if you use different creatives, different copy on the creative, different primary/headliner
  14. @adeoyecharity8467: Please, What's the minimum number of ads that should be created if you are on a small budget of $10 per day ...Is 10-20 ads not too much?
  15. @DustyBoi843: can this technology pull the audience information from your video and speech as well?
  16. @aykutsaracoglu5021: So the adset is my avatar and inside the adset i try multiple pain points and angles for this persona?
  17. @DemianManzur: So, now Meta knows if you own a mental health institute or a real state agency? so you don't target that?
  18. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: What’s the best Meta Ads sales campaign structure when using dynamic catalog ads for a store with multiple furniture categories (coat racks, tables, etc.)? For example, would it make sense to run one Sales campaign (broad / Advantage+ audience), one ad set, and inside it one dynamic catalog carousel ad per product category?
  19. @achrafamal5940: Alex no longer uses this format! Do you think it flopped in the long run?
  20. @aliwashington2319: whats the time period for testing the ads to see which ones are winners

- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy (Creative Diversity Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en I spent years watching brands throw 50 variations of the same ad into the account and then always wondering when nothing was breaking through. And in today's video, I'm going to show you exactly why creative volume is destroying your ad account. What creative diversity actually means in a post-Andromeda world and most importantly how to build a system that actually gives Meta something to work with. So, let's jump into it. Most brands when they hear test more creative, they think that means test more variations of the same UGC ad with a slightly different hook because it feels like you're doing something productive. But what I've consistently seen is that the brands doing that are the ones that are stuck at the same unprofitable CPA time and time again because they think by just adding volume means that they are testing more creative. Well, creative diversity is a fundamentally different way of thinking. It means building a creative system that is made to reach different pots of customers. A UGC video which is targeted at a specific segment of your audience. A podcast style that is perfectly created to educate the customer before they commit. A founder-led piece to increase brand trust. And the reason why this actually works under the Andromeda update is that the creative is being used as a targeting signal within Meta, which means that if your entire ad account looks the same, not only is Meta going to limit the reach on your ad, but you're also going to be repeatedly targeting the same customers. And at a certain point, just like if you fish from the same pond all the time, you're going to run out of people to target. But when you finally do diversify your ad account, then Meta has more signals to play with and can send your ads to more people. Every single ad in your ad account is labeled with a similarity score. This is behind the scenes in Meta, but essentially it looks at all your ads and goes, "That one's very similar to that one." and then treats them as the same asset. A great ad account to look at is this one from Mela. I was looking at this the other day and all I can say is this is guaranteed to being flagged with similar ads by Meta. Look at the ad account. Every single static ad looks the exact same. And then even when we do have some video ads, they look basically the same. This is telling Meta that you only really have one ad in your account. They might be seeing results from this, but it's only a matter of time until they don't anymore. Whereas when you look at an ad account like The Black Stuff, a brand that we work with here, you can see tons of video creative. Even from the thumbnails, you can see that so many of them are completely different. Look, it's like well, it is looking at a different ad account, but it is vastly different. Every single creative is different and that is giving Meta the right signals to push to new audiences. Understanding this concept is fairly straightforward. I imagine most of you already know this information, but when a brand tries to implement it unless they structurally do it correctly, then they're going to fail. And that's why you shouldn't be running your ads in just one campaign. Listen, I am no media buyer here by any means. But what I do understand is that if you have one campaign that contains your best spending ads, your winning ads, the golden goose, and then you're launching in untested creative and then letting Meta decide where to send the budget, and Meta's goal is to get you sales, which one do you think is going to get all the spend? Well, it's not going to be the untested creative. Brands come to me on a regular basis and they are confused as to why their new ads never beat their old winners. And often enough, the reason for that is because the new ads aren't getting any spend. A testing campaign has one core job and that is to give those new assets enough spend for you to see results. And then the scaling campaign is where your winners live, where they're getting a ton of budget and they're sharing it across all of your winning assets. And the practical result here is that you always have a pipeline of new winning assets which have proven themselves in the testing campaign. But getting the structure right doesn't matter if the ads that you're putting in the testing campaign were never thought of properly from the get-go. Because most brands are writing a concept, they're creating the video before they've actually thought about, well, will someone actually want to buy the product from this messaging? I know it sounds stupid, but think about the last time that you wrote an ad. Were you actually thinking, will this persuade someone to buy my product? Or were you just autopilot writing the ad? Because the order of this is really important part of it, because otherwise you're basically building the entire ad on assumptions. Because a good production workflow starts with research and identifying the core messaging as to why someone is going to purchase your product. And that needs to happen before you even think about the format or the cast. You need to understand why people are buying your product right now. You also need to think about what objections are sitting between you and the customer buying your product, cuz there's probably more than you think. One of the best ways to have a look at this information is to head over to Reddit. I actually did a video on how you can use Reddit for your creative strategy. And essentially in that video I mentioned how you can just search your niche in Reddit and it will give you relevant information back. When I say relevant information, I don't mean it'll just give you the answer. I mean that once you dive through the post, you will see what people really think about your niche or your type of product. You'll find the reasons why people perhaps don't commit to other similar products. And if you really want to know why people perhaps didn't buy your product straight away, then reach out to them directly. You have their email addresses. You have their contact information. Drop them an email and ask them a couple of questions. Do a survey. Cuz that type of information is invaluable when it comes to creative research. We are always asking our clients for an export of their reviews and any post-purchase surveys they have, because that stuff is absolute gold, cuz it takes you from assumptions to actual concrete knowledge. Because once you have all that knowledge and you're armed with the correct stuff, it makes everything else easier. Your UGC casting is 10 times easier, cuz you know who you need to cast based on your customer. Your scripting becomes way easier because the scripts that you're writing are based on actual thoughts and feelings from your customers. And your editing also gets better because you can see the ads that were performing the best and look at the editing traits. What did they have in common? A really great example of this is Nathan and Sons. It's a gum brand. When we first started working with them, we truly believed one of the main reasons why customers were buying the product and why they were, you know, purchasing was just because this was a way to make your teeth healthier. But after we did some research, we found something really interesting. A lot of people, for some reason, were mentioning that back in ye olden days, how come they had really good teeth and we don't have good teeth now? There has to be something that we're not doing now that they were doing back then. And that got our creative strategist thinking and he put together this ad. >> You know, people don't really know this, but ancient people actually used to have way better teeth than we do now. No dentist, somehow they still rarely got cavities. And this gum here is actually made using the same methods that they used. So, their big secret is that they chewed tree sap. So, the Maya had chiclet and the Greek had mastic. And the Native Americans had spruce tree gum. >> And you can see this is like a UGC video, right? But it is based around the idea of exactly what the research was. And that was a massive unlock for us because we found this batch of customers that didn't really know or care about the product until then. And that all came from research. We wouldn't have known that until we found that source. And another thing that most brands are doing is that when they finally do put the ads live, they're watching the wrong numbers. They realize that they're optimizing for the completely wrong thing. I've seen so many brands obsess over hook rate. I've been on calls and they've gone, "What is the best hook rate I need to have in my account?" And the answer is there isn't an answer. If your account averagely gets 25% hook rate, then if you get 30%, well, it's a winning hook rate, isn't it? But if you have a really strong hook rate and a terrible CPA, then it really doesn't matter cuz your ad isn't making any money. In my opinion, the number one metric you need to be looking at is that CPA because if you aren't acquiring customers at an affordable rate, then you are failing. And of course, an affordable rate is whatever your LTV is. That's what makes subscription brands completely different to one-time acquisition brands. Another metric is CTR, your click-through rate. At the end of the day, your creative exists for one purpose, to get people to click away from Meta. And so if you have a low click-through rate, then your ad ain't doing anything right cuz you can't even get them off the platform. So how do you expect them to purchase? Your CPM is another great metric cuz that's telling us how much it's costing us to actually reach people. If your CPA is really high, then you're probably spending a lot of money to reach the wrong customer. Hook rates and hold rates are very, very useful, but they're soft metrics. They don't really tell us much about the, you know, the performance and the cost. It's just telling us how good this hook is or how good the video edit is. That's why there's no point using a hook rate or a hold rate as your key performance metric because really it's just telling you how good your ad is at holding or gaining attention. If those people aren't converting, then it's a bad ad. If you've got all the previous steps sorted, there might be one that you're missing and that is that you're pulling from the same pool of ideas that everyone else is. You might have every single other thing nailed that we mentioned in this video, but you're probably falling victim to one that I see so many people and that is that we're all pulling ideas from the same pool. Because most brands are using ad libraries as their main source of inspiration. They scroll through whatever the competitor is running and go, "Oh, that sounds like it's a good idea." And don't get me wrong, competitor research can be really useful, but the trap that you fall into here is that if you build your entire strategy around it, then you're doing the same as everyone else. You're always running on second-hand ideas. You're reacting to what existed six months, three months ago instead of what your customer is focusing on now. And most importantly, if you're looking at your competitors, then your competitors are also looking at those competitors. So you end up falling into a trap of every niche's ads looking the same. Think about print campaigns from like 30 years ago. People reacted to them because they never seen anything like it before. Those first TV commercials 60-odd years ago were groundbreaking because they were doing things that people had never seen with their eyes before. That is what you need to do with your ad creative. In most accounts that I work on, the ads that surprise us the most are the ones where inspiration came from elsewhere, not an ad library. My creative strategies are often watching films, watching TV shows, reading books, and gaining inspiration from because stepping outside of the norm that everyone else is looking is where the new ideas come from. In fact, take this VSL that we made for Leaf Shave. >> Plastic razors are full of nasties. What would be left if we removed all the undesirable chemicals and plastics from your razor? Do you know what can be found in lubrication strips? BHT, a documented hormone disruptor, PEGs, petroleum stabilizers, even a matrix of plastic that dissolves, by design, onto your skin. Gone. Now, let's remove all of the disposable plastic around the refills. >> If you watch it and you listen to it, you'll realize it kind of flows like a documentary. And that's exactly what we were going for because VSLs are essentially like mini product documentaries. And so, when we create them, that's where we look for inspiration. We don't look at the ad libraries that are running a ton of them because they all look the same. So, when you bring everything together, you quickly realize that volume isn't the answer here. You can create as many ads as you want, but if they aren't diverse enough, then you're not going to get anywhere. The perfect mix is creative diversity and creative volume, a load of very diverse ads. When you address all those things properly and you look for data in the right places, you look for inspiration in the correct channels, then you will see everything fall into place. And of course, if you happen to be you a brand that's spending over 70,000, then we would love to help you. You can scan the QR code on the screen if you're interested in working with me and my agency and I'd love to have a conversation with you. Our clients see an average of 30% lower CPA when we start working with them. So that's stats that you can't ignore. There's also a link in the description as well if you want to apply to work with us. And before you go, if you want to understand exactly why your ads aren't performing right now, then I made a video with five mistakes that you are probably committing right now in your ad account. Check that one out and while you're down there, hit the subscribe button and also click the like and leave a comment with any questions. I will see you in the next one. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @foundr_IMpactos [5 likes]: I’ve spent way too much time in the variation trap, and seeing that similarity score concept explained makes so much sense as to why accounts just hit a wall. 😂The point about using creative as a targeting signal is a serious wake-up call. If every ad looks like a UGC selfie, you’re basically telling Meta to only show your product to people who like UGC selfies. That Nathan and Suns ancient teeth example was a killer way to show how actual research (and Reddit diving) beats just copying what’s in the Ad Library. Most people are just reacting to what worked 6 months ago, but building a system around mini product documentaries or founder-led trust pieces is how you actually scale long-term. This is gold Fraser, not gonna lie
  2. @khadijaeltahawy5813 [3 likes]: man are you hiring junior performance-based marketers?
  3. @viiiiideo [2 likes]: Great info on testing vs scaling campaigns.
Would you say Top/Middle/Bottom funnel sections and their creatives should also go as their own separate campaigns?
  4. @Maverick-3D [1 likes]: Fraser rocked subscribers shocked. 

I am so much anxiously waiting for your course in June / July
  5. @zynko08 [1 likes]: good information
  6. @leon-buller [1 likes]: Hey Fraser! Every video is a HIT 🔥 Really appreciate your advice and free value. You’re my go-to guy when it comes to creative strategy 🙏

Can you share which ads should I make as a new brand with a low budget? I’ll be focusing more on problem unaware and solution aware.

I thought about testing mini VSLs, educational, UGC, AI slop, founder ads, us vs them statics, headline statics, and benefits statics. 

Is that the right direction or would you change/add something to it?

Thanks in advance 🙏
  7. @anuraglfc4lyf [1 likes]: great vsl tbh....
  8. @SafaaMohammed-tu3fp: Thank you fraser, i love your content ,but i observed few things that needs to be done from you: first of all, we as your subscribers and knowledge seekers about topics related to ads as you do.. i found it very confusing at the end when there are multiple random  important videos that you upload , each video is important ,but at the end , i need a structured organized content that helps us connect the dots , like playlists or steps or complete guide where you should tell us as beginners ,where should we start in this learning journey.

The next observation: you talked about research as the first step when making an ad or content system in general.

Then i saw you always to mention two types of research: the reddit research, and meta ads library competitor research

Is there a research related to facebook and instagram and tiktok platforms besides reddits? We need you to make such a structured videos about research so as not to get lost and confused.

Because for example in my country ,reddit is not popular , people use tiktok and instagram and facebook more than it. 

I hope you take these considerations seriously to help us connect the dots , and perhaps a pinned video in your channel that guides us of what should we watch first when entering your channel , and each new updated video , we need you at the video description to give us a note of where it belongs in which step, etc. 


Thank you ❤ you are not just a content creator , you are a teacher in your niche also
  9. @Krzysztof.Suchowierski-Syberia: Hi ,If a winning creative is tested for just a few days in the testing campaign and then moved into the scaling campaign, how does it realistically compete with creatives that have already been running for weeks or months and have accumulated much more spend, conversions, and optimization data?
Wouldn't Meta's algorithm naturally favor the established winners and give the new creative very little budget, even if it performed well in testing? How do you ensure that a newly tested winner gets a fair opportunity to prove itself inside the scaling campaign? :::
  10. @HlelekileNkosi: for you page
  11. @footballkaran5406: insane
  12. @vitorriseriomkt: Excellent content. Greetings from Brasil ✍🤓🇧🇷
  13. @NRycka: Maybe I'm wrong, but I feel like this video is still an assumption about judging an ad as a solo instead of an ecosystem of ads. What I mean by that is that, not all ads are meant to convert. Some are meant to educate, other to gain authority or trust and some to clearly convert warmer people.
  14. @yusufbekkaramatov9810: great vid

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @noeluganajr2286 [1 likes]: i can't believe this is free, ben you are a good person for sharing this for free. God bless you
  3. @Krzysztof.Suchowierski-Syberia [1 likes]: I have a broad CBO campaign running. In 2026, is it still worth adding any custom audience exclusions? If so, which ones do you use most often — only purchasers, or also website visitors, engaged users, and email subscribers?
  4. @masudKhan-t1t: Sir, could you please add a Bengali voice-over to the video?
  5. @AdamFBuchanan: OMG. i can not even put to words how much gold for me in in this video. you are so incredible dude for making this channel! biggest love to you! 
Im a musican, i hate all this, and it kills my soul 😂😂😥😥, but i have to learn. you are a god send thank yo. if i get any money i am super serious to join your paid groups.
  6. @AdamFBuchanan: 5:30 consolidating. but my ads a largely for event ticket sales, which inherently means a geographic location limit. people are not going to drive 2+ hours to come to my event, especially if there is another event of mine in there closer area. so ads to those people for the far away event are wasted time and money. 
ive split ad sets into geographic audience based areas. hoping that meta only to those people. is this good?
  7. @Jack-TGM: the shift away from granular audience stacking toward letting the algorithm breathe has been huge for our accounts. went from 15+ ad sets targeting specific interests down to 2-3 broad campaigns and cpa dropped about 30% across the board. the caveat is you need solid creative volume to feed the machine - we're usually running 8-10 new concepts per month minimum. curious what creative refresh cadence you're seeing work best right now?
  8. @aatosrantala: Hi Ben! When I run my ads inside of one campaign and adset, I often see that when launching new ads, Meta starts allocating most of the budget towards the new ads. Then the old winning ads get less budget and results often drop. How would you tackle this?
  9. @VincentHetherington-y7x: So when I run bidcap, should I duplicate the campaign or what should I do?
  10. @Martin-ru3yn: You are talking about not making a mistake turning off an add that spends money but not delivering results, because it helps the other add making results. I get that. So I should test and evaluate my ads based on what?
  11. @Earthing-r2y: every now and then you come up with a new updated so called meta ad structure, can you finally come up with your final version so we can follow it.  i know you keep these videos coming to get paid but its costing us our time.
  12. @Mr8772: The frequency is very high, won't this cause ad fatigue to your warm audience? Perhaps you can tweak your creatives targeting warm audience using LLA instead of custom audience ranging from 1 to 10%?
  13. @Martin-zu3lm: ALL THE LOW BUDGET PEOPLE:   in my opinion you should not do too many creatives because it makes it harder to get out of the learning phase from meta. Im also just a random guy at the end of the day its learning by doing
  14. @dukemed1a: Hey Ben, a quick question - what do you reckon is an acceptable daily budget for a campaign with the 1 Ad Set and Say 20 Ads inside of it? What would you consider a sufficient daily amount to get conversions? Of course everybody needs to test for themselves - but maybe there is a minimum you would not go under? Thank you! - Also do you recomment the budget on the campaign or ad set level? Would appreciate your input!
  15. @meganedemayo1895: What if you're happy to give a discount to users, say, at the bottom of the funnel (reached checkout, didnt make a purchase) - but you don't want to risk cannibalising the top funnel audiences that might later buy full price? 

also, what should your single campaign objective be? if you don't separate your ad sets by funnel level? for someone not aware of my services, I just want to push them to my website. For people who know of my services, I want to push them to purchase etc etc
  16. @ronenjohnson1332: so do you suggest to run advantage + broad audience campaigns majority of the time with some retargeting store visitors here and there?
  17. @hskinnershepherd: If Meta wants you to put the entire funnel process into one campaign, why are we still able to choose objectives like awareness vs. traffic?
  18. @eloiestudio: so can we have 3 different 'duplicate' campaigns for 3 different countries?
  19. @Cleyson099: This is top-tier content. Thank you for this.
  20. @sarahak: I currently have 5 campaigns. When consolidating, should I create a completely new campaign or edit the best-performing one?
also one of the reasons behind having separate campaigns is that catalog campaigns cannot be merged with regular ones + I like to have separate max value and max purchase campaigns- so Im unsure which one to pick in one consolidated campaign since both work well with me

- The Best Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026 (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Once Meta dropped their Andromeda update, I saw hundreds of comments of people reporting that their return on ad spends dropped from really high three, six, even 10, all the way down to barely breaking even. And even though tens of thousands of advertisers spending hundreds of millions of dollars in Facebook ads have freaked out, the truth is is that this is just another time when you need to adapt. If you do, you can gain a massive advantage over all of your competition. And this is exactly what we've done over the past few months. Like this brand that drove $108,000 in revenue in just seven days. Or like this Shopify store that grew 141% quarter over quarter during the exact time that Andromeda was released. So to help you get back on track and start this year off with a bang, I'm going to share everything that you need to do to get your ad account in the best possible position for 2026. So to kick things off, a good lay of the land is what did Facebook used to look like and what does it look like now? Before Andromeda, what would happen is we would select our audience and then we'd make a bunch of creative for that audience. And ideally what we would do is we would spend as much as possible against an audience that worked for us with a creative that worked. Then Andromeda releases and we move to a space where the concept actually creates the audience for us. So our objective goes from a place where we want to select our audience and select our creative to match to the concept automatically being matched to the audience. So people have said things like creative is the targeting which is true but the important part that you need to understand is it's not as simple as just uploading your ads. You need to have a system in place to develop as many great concepts as possible cuz what you want to happen over time is you want to create a bunch of different concepts in your account. Ideally each of these concepts convert at different rates. For example, concept number one might only spend 10% of your budget, but do so at a 5x return on ad spend. Concept number two might spend 90% of your budget, but do so at a 2x. And I could obviously go down the list here, but in old school Facebook, you would push all of your spend to the first concept here. New school Facebook post Andromeda, we like both concept A and concept B because each of these concepts is above our target, which I'm assuming is a 2x return on ad spend for this example. So, if you are just starting, this is your very first day running ads, and you're like, "What the heck do I do? I just entered Facebook ads, and this thing looks like I'm the captain of a ship. There's so many buttons, I don't know what to click." I'm going to keep this really simple. For day one of running ads, all I would like to create, if it was my first day running ads, is a single prospecting campaign with three ad sets. I have never said this before, if you've been watching my videos for the last three plus years, you've never heard me say this. This is something I've pushed more so than ever before because I've seen it be successful. The first ad set that you want to create is a pure 100% broad ad set. The other two adets are interestbased adsets. What I've seen most recently with Andromeda is that the pixel takes a little bit longer to learn, but once it learns, it runs. What I like to do is I like to give it two interest groups that are most applicable to my business. Whatever your category is, find the most niche slash smallest brand that you could possibly target in Facebook ads and run with that as your first interest group. Your second interest group, you could literally do the same thing. All we're trying to do with these two interest groups is guide the algorithm so that over time our broad audience, which is by far our most important thing, is starting to get more and more spend against the right people. So, what this will look like in your ad account is you'll have a prospecting CBO campaign. You'll have your broad pack one with all of your creatives grouped in together. And then you'll have a few interest groups. At the campaign level, we're using campaign budget always all the time. We're always using highest volume or value when we're just starting. And we're setting up our audience segment reporting. If you do not have these set up, make sure you include your engaged audiences, which are your 30-day site visitors, your 90-day ad to carts, and your existing customers, which are lists of your entire customer base. Inside of our broad pack, our conversion location is always website. Our performance goal is always maximize number of conversions. And our conversion event is always purchase. Don't fall for add to carts. Don't fall for initiate checkouts. You need to use the purchase events. Otherwise, you're literally telling Facebook you want to do something that is not actually the end goal. And scrolling down to the audience section for your broad pack of your very first day of running ads. Then yeah, you're going 100% broad. It should say advantage plus on. There should be no exclusions in place. and you should just let this rip. We're going to put all our placements on, letting Facebook do its thing as much as possible. The interest group is going to be a little bit different. Every setting up top is exactly the same, except when we scroll down to the audience section. In the audience section, we're going to select our exact single detailed targeting. And I have something here that we're going to get to a little bit down the line when we start excluding customers. But you can leave your exclusions completely open if it's your first day of running ads. And just like before, our placements stay wide open. Now, your goal here, if it's your first day, is just get your ads in. Look at what ads are working the best and go ahead and make more of them. It also would be a really good move here to look at your competitors, look at what they're doing, and try to copy with your own flare of what they're doing the best. Moving on to the state of under $3,000. The big difference here in this stage is that we're basically running our prospecting exactly the same. There's no significant change in our prospecting. You can keep your interest. You could also delete your interest if you want to. And as you can see down here in my under 3K section, I've added an existing customer bucket. That existing customer bucket is a new campaign that I am specifically and only targeting all of my existing customers. The reason for this is Facebook has a tendency to overspend on your existing customers. And we want to break that out as early as possible. We want prospecting to truly be new acquisition and we want existing customers to truly be a retention effort. The way that we do this is really simple. Again, we're keeping our prospecting basically the same. If those interests are working, keep them. If they're not working and the broad's doing most of the work, cut the interest and just keep the broad. So, really, we're just creating our retention campaign here. And the only thing we really need to focus on is inside of the ad set. Everything stays exactly the same, same settings we went over before, except our audience. In our audience, we have to do two very important things. First, we have to include an audience. So, make sure you include your purchasers over the last 180 days. And if you have an alltime list from like Clavio or something, get that in here as well. Do not select this button right here that says use as a suggestion. If you do select this, Facebook is allowed to go beyond your list, which is not what you want at all. You want this to very clearly be a retention effort just against your purchasers. So unselect this. And then there's going to be an option that says further limit the reach of your ads. And let me show you what this looks like. So right here, this is what it will look like if you don't click further limit the reach of your ads. You want to click further limit the reach and then again further limit the reach. Click continue. It's a big roadblock there. When you do this, you then have to go back into your inclusion and unselect use as a suggestion. If you don't do this, Facebook is technically just treating this as a source and then it's going to expand beyond it. That's not what we want to do here. Now, during this phase of around $3,000, your objective remains the same. All you really want to do is take your best creatives and make more of them and then take iterations of those best creatives and continue to again produce more. Once we get beyond $3,000, beyond a hundred bucks a day, it's time to introduce the pack system. Now, the pack system is one of the most important systems that you could possibly integrate into your account because it a keeps you organized and b works with the algorithm so that you have a mix of control plus allowing the CBO to actually do its work. So, what I have on my screen probably looks like a monster. However, it's actually really simple and this system builds with you over time. We have some accounts that have 70 packs that are either active or were active at one point. So, how this works is every time you launch new creatives, you launch a new pack. For example, if I had four new creatives, whether they were all statics, all videos, even if they were catalog, I would throw them into a new ad set every single time. What's really happening here is we're not resetting the learnings at the campaign level, and we're not resetting learnings or interfering with anything at the ad level. All we're doing is introducing all new things that are starting from scratch. And if Facebook thinks that these ads within this new pack are good, it's going to start to spend money against this pack. So between $3 to $10,000, as we were just addressing, this is the first introduction of the pack system. You ideally want to launch all broad packs and you take your best winners and you graduate those into interest groups. What this looks like in practice is you're taking your first broad pack, you're literally creating pack number two with the exact same settings and getting your next round of creative. The idea here is that as you build your account, you get more and more and more creatives. Yes, you're going to have a larger amount of adsets. You're going to have a big campaign in here, but you have a hyper competitive environment. And that means that Facebook will determine where to spend your money. If this adset's doing better, more money is going to go to this adset. If it starts to fatigue, which is going to happen, then that cash is actually going to go down to a different high-erforming pack. So, we actually create almost a flywheel within our prospecting campaign that actually prevents us from making manual intervention by pausing ads. And it also helps us because as things fatigue, it's going to redistribute that spend to other high performing places. And again, in that 3 to 10k range, we're looking at a prospecting and an existing customer campaign. Really, at this point, you've learned some things. You've spent some money. If you've been running ads for a longer period of time, then you've really learned some things. You've really spent some money. So if something worked, for example, like interest when you first started out, just like I said in the under 3K mark, don't be scared to keep that in your 3 to 10k mark. And now the part that everyone including myself starts to really geek out about. We're going to introduce our scaling mechanism. So the way that this really works is your top performing ads get graduated into what I call the winners's bucket. This bucket is imaginary. It doesn't mean anything. Just think of it as the holding ground for all your best ads. What we do with those winners is two things. First, we graduate them down below into our interest groups. The reason we graduate these into our interest groups is because now creative isn't the variable for if an interest is successful. Interest groups need to be tested for the interest, not for the creative. If I put different creative in every single interest group, we wouldn't know if the creative is the reason the interest is doing well or if the interest targeting is the reason it's doing well. After we graduate into the interest, we graduate into what I call an ASC scale campaign. Now, ASC is kind of old school Facebook. Call it what you want. This is just my old brain doing this for so long calling it an ASC. It's really just a 100% broad campaign. So, in my actual account, I literally call this scale. I call the one ad set scale and I throw all my ads in here. This campaign doesn't do anything magical. All this does is guarantee that I could spend more money against my top performing ads within this adset. Just like before, we're excluding all of our existing customers. We want this to very specifically just target net new acquisition. Now, during this 10 to 30k range, I call this the messy middle. This is the spot that most brands get stuck. This is both a mental trap and actually a roadblock that is real. The mental trap part of this is that most brands can't physically get over the hump of spending more than $1,000 per day. It feels like a big hit to their bottom line, and it is. It's a lot of money that you're spending. The real roadblock here is that you begin to overspend just like before on existing and engaged audiences. The objective of all paid advertising is to get new customers to your website. Everything you do after that, like delivering really good value of your product, email campaigns, SMS campaigns, engaging with your customers on social media, that's how you keep existing customers coming back over and over. And of course, we have an ad effort to do that just a little bit. But people that are pure prospects, they've never even heard of you before. maybe they've seen one or two ads like the post something really small. That's the focus of Facebook. So, what I would urge everyone to do in this 10 to 30k range is make sure that the roadblock that you're actually facing is a real roadblock and make sure you're spending as much money as possible on new customer acquisition and you're not overspending on existing and engaged, which you can see easily in your audience segments. I will also take this moment to say that at the Moonlighters, we work with brands in this range. So, as long as you're spending $20,000 per month and you're in the 1 to10 million revenue mark, then go to the moonlighters.com/apply to see if you're a fit to work with us. Worst case, you talk to someone on my team for 10 minutes, you don't like us, and you come back and you get your free value right here. Best case, you're a client like the hundreds that we have worked with successfully scaling their businesses profitably. Once we get beyond 30K, you're going to see really quickly that things get big. Your account's going to start growing. you're spending a,000, $2,000, $3,000 a day. Things are moving quickly and things become more fluid. What I mean by fluid is in this stage, you'll tend to see budgets go up and down in very large degrees very quickly. You can go from spending $1,000 a day to $3 or $4,000 a day if things are going right and then right back down to a,000 or $2,000 a day when it's time to appropriately pull back. Now, during this period, we have the same prospecting CBO system as before. Everything else is maintaining exactly the same in this prospecting campaign. We have our scale. Now these two red brackets represent our new customer acquisition. We then have our existing customer effort which is going to represent retention. And then finally we have the new addition of retargeting. Now retargeting here is going to be very very important as we continue to grow. And the reason I add retargeting in here is specifically because we start to see the overspending in prospecting in the scaling campaign happen more so at this 30k plus range than ever. What I would advise most brands to do at this stage is to add add to cart plus site retargeting. What that usually means is add to cart 90 days and site visitors 30 days. I would generally match this with my engaged audiences that I had previously set up. And there's something really important that you need to know in this stage because as you start to spend more money, you're going to run into a CBO roadblock. The classic CBO roadblock that I know a lot of advertisers have run into is that one ad set gets the majority of the spend and then your new adsets don't have any opportunity to actually spend and be tested. So the way that we solve this is in our adsets, we scroll down to our budget and schedule setting and then we click adset spending limits. When you click adset spending limits, change this from use percentage to use dollar value and set your daily minimum to one time your target cost per acquisition. If your target CPA is 50 bucks, you put 50 bucks here. So, I'd mark my daily minimum as $50. And I would let this run for no greater than 7 days. There's a maximum of 7 days. And here's how you need to think about it. If the spend on this adset is above $50 every day after I set the minimum, then you could safely remove this adset spending limit and it's going to spend more than the $50 you have set. That's easy. If it's exactly at the $50 minimum, then you'll also know unfortunately that this is not a scalable adset and you could again remove the minimum. The only odd case where you can keep this minimum is if it's driving a high return on ad spend for you and it's not spending more than your minimum that you set. For example, if I set 50 and my target was two, but I was getting a four return on ad spend, then I would keep this. In fact, I'd probably be a little crafty here and increase that 50 up to 100 bucks or even greater to force some more spend on this ad set. And now for the big time spenders. We're talking $100,000 plus. I know by many people's standards, $100,000 is actually not too much to spend in ads, but other folks will look at 100K and think that is astronomically larger than I could ever imagine. Think about it like this. If you went from 3,000 to 6,000, would you really think that is huge? Probably not. But if you went from 100 to 200 or even 300, that feels really big because the actual number of dollars in and out is significantly greater. But in percentages, which is what a lot of this needs to be dealt with, you're not actually scaling too much. So when I say 100K plus, I truly mean well beyond 100. Now, the crazy part here is you probably notice from 30 to 100, we have generally the same setup, but there's a few nuances that need to be addressed. At this point, you have a lot of creative flowing in. And I like to use a rule for how much creative you actually need to be uploading into your ad account to grow it. My best piece of advice is to use the rule of 10,000. For every $10,000 you spend per month in advertising, you need to upload that many ads per week. For example, if you spend $100,000, you should upload 10 ads per week. If you spend $500,000, you should upload 50 ads per week. And no, that doesn't include size variance. That doesn't include little tiny iterations. I'm talking about different ads. This sounds crazy cuz it is crazy. It's hard. It's very hard to do. And even though we're working in the same system that we were at 30K, things naturally get bigger. You run a sale, you have a different campaign that needs to stay on, you have different parts of your business that are active. So don't think that just because I'm saying these are the four campaigns, it's all said and done. That's not necessarily true. Usually, most of the brands that we're working with have significantly greater and larger ad accounts because in time we find different things that work. And just like I said at the beginning of this video, we never shut something down that's actively working. Now, when you get to 100K plus, really beyond this, you have to start to factor in some other pieces. First, I really like to involve cost caps at this stage. I think cost caps, bid caps, or even target rorowaz is a fantastic way to sustain your return on ad spend or your cost per acquisition. and let spend be a little bit more variable. This is very important. Next is it's a good opportunity to implement things like day parting and week parting. You likely can very easily see which days of the week perform better for your business. So spend more money on those days. In fact, go into your Shopify right now, find those days and figure out, are you spending more on your better performing days? If not, this is one of the easiest things you can do to get 10 even 20% better performance without touching a thing. And finally, this is a big tip for big advertisers out there. Use incremental attribution. Gone are the days of 7-day click. Gone are the days of one day click. 7-day click one day view is typically a little bit too big when you're at this sort of stage. So either evaluate or actually use incremental attribution because you're going to have a massive halo effect. You're going to have a lot of referrals, a lot of word of mouth that's growing. We really want to understand what are the purchases that happen because of Facebook. It's exactly what incremental attribution does. Now, I just broke down my entire strategy for you. And if you want to see the step-by-step implementation of this, the actual document that describes everything that I just went through, the flowcharts, and way more, then click the link down in the description where I give you my full 22page M3 guide. And last, if you want to see how you can multiply your static ad output to create a content machine, click this video right here where I take you step by step on how to use Google's new Nano Banana 3 completely for free to multiply your creative output. That's all for today. I hope everyone got a ton of value out of this video and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [3 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l125
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l125
  2. @arminschnurer5116 [1 likes]: First of all - thanks for the video!
For testing why not use an ABO Setup? So we can make sure each AdSet (concepts) gets the same amount of budget? So we can better compare - and CBO in the scaling campaign?
  3. @RachelledelaRosa [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing. I'm interested in the data points shared correlating andromeda update vs. the creative spend of the most successful companies.
  4. @deitykush [1 likes]: Please direct me to the beginner campaigns for people who are going there but not there yet
  5. @missolivia-eng [1 likes]: Please, I want to understand if I can do this per product or I do it all in 4 campaign for my whole store?
  6. @jordanamber.s [1 likes]: Super helpful!
  7. @beba4480: But you said in another video the propsecting is always new audiences. No engaged audiences
  8. @ChiragTailor-y2g: Whats the difference between an interest ad set and a broad ad set? Who am I targeting with the interest ad set?
  9. @HappywhereIamLife: why should we start new ads out in high volume vs CPRG ?
  10. @TheMinecraftguy65: In the video you mention ecom, can this same strategies work for local service based businesses?
  11. @shopolis: will this strategy work for supplement ads?
  12. @nickdoherty1580: Great video! Is the scale campaign a CBO too?
  13. @danjeffery6394: I assume, for example, $3k, means $3k spend per day?
  14. @BurningBliss67: Do you really think that people that are spending $10k a day are watching this ??  Please consider talking about us beginners that are learning
  15. @thainamemali: Great source🎉 Thank you.
  16. @lanaleksandra: I advertize in German speaking countries and test only with 100eur. No matter hwo often I've tried CBO, its just not profitable, while ABO campaign with many ad sets seems to be working for me. Is it still ok?
  17. @Mcmxxvxxi: What if you target multiple personas?
  18. @TheDeckPeople: I run a local home-service business. Historically, the more I add interests, the higher CPL. What's your opinion on letting the general ads run wild instead of targeting specific interest groups. Obviously learning phase will be rougher, but over time, won't lead targeting be more effective and cheaper?
  19. @Exponentialplus: new update ? for 2026?
  20. @aaad59: Hey Solid Video. Question 1: If I switch my current running CBO to ABO , it won't set back my learning phase correct? Will switching to ABO just continue the learning phase by forcing budgets to my other ads?  

Question 2. After I switch to ABO and run it for a while, can I switch back to CBO without it resetting my learning phase? 

Essentially like a switch, ON/OFF to force my budgets across all other ads. How many times can I switch this without it resetting the campaign structure and learning phase journey. 


Hopefully my question makes sense. Thanks!

- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business: Kind: captions Language: en My agency is working on more than 1,200 meta ad accounts right now. We literally have more than 1,200 Facebook ad accounts in our business manager and almost no one on earth has access to that many ad accounts, access to that much testing resource, which has allowed us to test so many different Facebook and Instagram ad strategies. And in this video, I'm going to show you the ad strategy that is consistently producing the best results for us right now. Okay. Okay, so I'm going to start by showing you the recommended campaign structure and then we'll talk about other important elements of this strategy like the creative stuff that is obviously key as well. So let's jump into an example ad account. I'll demonstrate this. I'm going to create a couple of um example campaigns and then label them up so that you know um what we're doing here. So this is what we're doing for most businesses now, right? What we're finding is working best. And like I said, we've really been able to test this. So let's give these a label. So, let's call this one our scaling campaign. And let's call this one our testing campaign. And that's what we're going to use for the vast vast majority of businesses is just the two campaigns. Now, within those campaigns, we're going to have one adset each. Those adsets going to be targeting the same people. It's going to be a mixture of cold and warm audiences, often going to be open targeting or something very close. Now, the reason why we do that is because the way meta ads is structured now, when you're using the suggested audience function, which nearly all advertisers are, um, even if you try and separate out your warm audiences and your cold audiences, meta is going to kind of blend the two anyway. So, you might as well consolidate that into one ad set per campaign and just get all that data in there and allow Meta to uh to optimize properly. If we do have separate ads, that's usually because we're segmenting by location, not by different targeting options like interests or like I said between cold and warm and stuff like that, right? So, why do we have the two campaigns? What it really allows us to do is a lot of creative testing and creative testing in a way that allows us to take advantage of our winners, but also continually test. If you just have the one campaign, which I know a lot of advertisers attempted to do now because they understand from people like me and other people saying that you want to consolidate, you want less campaigns, you want less adsets, you want to put more conversion data within that one element so that Meta can optimize better. But the problem with doing that all the way down to just one campaign is that often you'll have one or two ads that are performing best and you basically can't test because you try and introduce new ads to run alongside the best performers and Meta just goes, "No, no, no. we've got winners. We're going to keep putting budget on those and not put any budget on the new stuff. And therefore, you never really find out what works. You can't test. You can't build a bank of ads that you know can perform well or ready to go. And what happens is that your best performers slowly over time drop off because they fatigue and then you end up in a a bit of a a bad situation where you don't have ads ready to go. You haven't been able to test. You haven't been able to see what works. If we have the scaling campaign, we can therefore benefit from our winners. We can spend money in there, get great results, get lots of sales, get lots of leads, etc. But we also have a separate campaign where we can test new ads. We can force Meta effectively to spend money on that on on the different new creatives. And we may well find that when Meta gives those ads a proper go at it, that some of those perform better even than the ones in our scaling campaign. And then we can look to move them over and run them as part of our scaling campaign and and continually get better results. We know how important testing is. We know how important creative testing is to find ads that might outperform our current ones, but also might give us more longevity because we know our current ones are going to fatigue at some point. Right now, in terms of the budget split between your scaling campaign and your testing campaign, very much depends on the results that you're seeing. If your results are great, you want to spend more money on your scaling campaign. Could be 80% of your overall budget, for example, because you want to take advantage of that winner. But if your results are quite poor, let's say you're unprofitable, well, you don't really want to be spending much at all on your best performers, on your scaling campaign, because what's the point spending a lot of money on ads that aren't working, much better then to dedicate more of your budget to testing, to finding potentially ads that can perform really well. Then you can look to change the split once you do find those winners. Uh, but having more budget in that scenario in the testing campaign allows for more testing, allows for fast testing. You're more likely to find those winners that you could then move over to the scaling campaign. Okay, so that's campaign structure. Like I said, very simple and it's done that way on purpose. Simple, but allows us to do a lot of creative testing, which we'll get to in a second. First, I want to let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible Facebook ad and Instagram ad results. And included in my mentorship program are multiple live calls and Q&As's per day. So, you can literally jump on with us and ask us any questions that you've got. Those calls are held by both me and my expert team members. You get unlimited one-to-one chat support, access to exclusive educational materials. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, go through to a page on our website, book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members, and hopefully we get a chance to work together very soon. So, let's move on to the creative part of this strategy that I'm talking about. And I imagine that some of you watching this who have seen my previous videos will now be thinking, "Okay, Ben, yeah, I get it. You're going to tell me that I need to create lots of different ads and they need to be video ads and I need to dedicate my entire life to becoming a video ad creator. and if I do that long enough with enough ad variations, eventually I'll find winners and I'll make loads of money from meta ads and I'll grow my business, etc., etc. That's not actually what I'm going to recommend here at all. You do need lots of ads, but I don't want you to make any ads with this strategy that I'm talking about. I don't want you to make the ads yourself. What I want you to do is hire influencers and creators to make your ads for you. This is potentially the single most undervalued and underutilized tactic in the meta ads world that I really want to get the message out there about because it can help improve your performance so much. We have seen this now with so many different businesses that we work with that when you work with the right influencers and creators, your results can absolutely take off. Why does that happen? Few reasons. Firstly, influencers and creators are normally really good at making content. That's how they became an influencer and creator in the first place. They'll be one of thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe millions depending on how big their niche is, right? That's how good they're going to be. Maybe not one, maybe, you know, 10 of a 100,000 people that are making content in that space, the ones that that rise to the top. So, they're really good at making video content. So, you don't have to learn that skill. You don't have to re-engineer your entire life to becoming a video ad creator. You can just benefit from their expertise by hiring them to do it for you. Secondly, if they have a following and that following matches with your target audience and people respect what they say and their recommendation carries weight, the impact of having that person in your video ads is enormous. It is going to stop the scroll. It is going to hold your audience's attention. It is going to convince them to click and much more likely to convince them to convert. I I still think even though I talk about other people talk about it, that it is massively uh underappreciated. I've seen the exact same offer, the exact same product, the exact same business go from a 2x rorowass to a 6x rorowass just because basically the same ad was created, but it was done by an influencer in that space in the first place. It doesn't cost anywhere near as much as a lot of people think. You don't need to work with people that the entire world knows. You can work with niche specific influencers that charge a lot less. And the reason in many cases why they charge less is because they're very much set up for this. Like it doesn't take them very long. when I uh for example, I have sponsors on my content, right? And I do this as an influencer. Obviously, I'm on both sides of the fence here. I'm an advertiser and I'm an influencer. Uh when I create uh when I produce a a sponsor segment, like an integration for for a sponsor, doesn't take me very long. I now to record video, my editors know what they're doing. I know the words to say, I know what resonates with my audience. Like, they can do this relatively quickly and easily. They don't necessarily charge that much uh money for it. And especially if you're going to run it as an ad, here's the added advantage, you are basically giving that influencer or creator extra free exposure. Cuz if you say, I want you to record an ad for me. By the way, I'm going to go and advertise this to a million people over the next 3 months or have, you know, whatever the time frame is and however many people are, that's a good selling point, too, right? That's a good deal for them. They want more exposure. They want more people to see um who they are. Now, I'm not just going to give you that generic advice of just hire influencers. I'm going to get a lot more specific than that and go through the details. Here's what I'd recommend you use. Meta has created a fantastic free tool called the creator marketplace. Now, if I just go ahead and click on all tools and then scroll down here, I can find under engage audience the creator marketplace. Now, not every advertiser has access to this yet, but this is an incredible free resource where you can find creators that have audiences in your space really quickly and easily. You can search using keywords. You can then reach out. You can create campaigns letting creators know exactly what you want from a deliverable standpoint. We will get to that, the tactics around that in a second. And this whole interface, like I said, free to use, is just such an easy way to do what I think has been a hurdle, a stumbling block for a lot of advertisers previously. They've thought, "Oh, how do I even get in touch with these influencers and creators and then maybe they tried sending a few emails and never got a response. They thought, "This is a waste of time. I won't do this." This platform makes it really, really easy. More about this uh in a second. But before I get to that, I want to talk about the deliverables of what I want you to ask the creator and influencer to produce for you. I'll get back to the video in a second, but first I want to let you know about Particle. Particle is a fantastic tool that takes meta ads targeting from good to exceptional by providing the in-depth market intelligence and competitive insights necessary to truly understand and reach the right audience in 2025 and beyond. With Particle, you can track competitor sales, pricing strategies, and product launches down to the skew level, which means you can identify which strategies are working well for your competitors, understand their target audienc's purchasing behavior, and uncover untapped market opportunities for your ads. Particle can also help you find new audiences or market segments by revealing top selling trends or product opportunities. Combine that with Particle's granular skew level data, and you'll be able to make more informed decisions about targeting, creative, and overall campaign strategy. Right now, you can get started with Particle for free. No credit card required. Just click the link in the video description below. Okay. So, here's what I want you to ask the creator or influencer to produce for you when you do reach out to them, when you do potentially create the campaign through um creator marketplace. I want you to get ask them to produce a couple of video ads promoting your product or service. And I'd normally recommend giving the the creator quite a lot of flexibility around how they do that. As again, someone who sits on both sides of the fence as an advertiser and and as a creator. Um, the businesses that I work with where they're really strict on exactly what I can say and how I can promote it, I tend to find those don't do as well as when I have a bit more flexibility around what I include and I can make it sound a bit more like me and a bit more natural and that sort of thing. So, you can of course add in guidelines and stipulations to make sure they don't go crazy and they say certain things, but remember they're good at this. They're good at getting attention. That's how they became a creator influencer in the first place. So, so giving them flexibility is a good thing. and they are incentivized to produce good results for you because they want to keep working with you if you're going to pay them to to produce this stuff. But here's the extra tactic that almost no one does, but it makes your influencer creator budget go so much further and also gives you a much greater chance of success, and that's to ask the creator to record 10 hooks. Okay? Now, a hook, most of my audience will understand, but a hook is going is is the first 3 seconds effectively, more or less, of a video ad. It's the opening scene combined with the opening line or two. And it won't take the creator hardly any extra time to do this. You're basically saying like, look, please uh that, you know, opening line also say these are the opening lines. Could you do that in a few different locations with very different backgrounds? I mean, it's going to take them a few minutes, certainly less than an hour in many uh instances. Quite quick and easy for them to do. they're not going to charge you much more for it. But when you have extra hooks, say 10 hooks, and you compare them with those, say two main ads, two full ads that they created for you, you now have 20 different ads basically for the price of, let's say, for three because they've got to record the full two and then maybe it takes as long to do all the hooks as it would do to create a third ad for you. So basically you're getting 20 ads for the price of three because most influence creators are going to charge kind of based on their time obviously factors in their audience size and and and that sort of thing right so it makes your budget go that much further. Now, the reason why it's 20 different ads, if you had take those first three seconds and you sort of add it to, you know, so you take all 10 hooks and you have 10 hooks with ad one and 10 hooks with ad two, that's 20 different ads because more than 90% of people that see your ad after more than 95% of people see your ad will never make it past those first three seconds. So, by changing that opening line or two and changing that opening scene, the visuals of it to to the vast majority of your audience, that is a completely different ad. They never saw the rest of it. So the fact that that's the same is just doesn't make any difference. And obviously for those small minority that actually did watch more of the ad, well, they're really interested anyway. So you want to advertise for th those people again, you want to have another go at grabbing their attention with a with a new hook to try and get the conversion, assuming they didn't already um convert. And it's something that we're doing more and more of part of our own creative testing when we're making ads, but also more and more with influencers is instead of h it's so much time and effort to create these like long detailed video ads. It's like, you know what, we've got a winner here. Let's just go and record that opening line with a completely different background with a different top on or with a different person or in a different location or uh let's change the opening line slightly and let's see if that performs as well. Because the hook, those first three seconds is by far the most important part of your video. if that's what's going to grab their attention or not, that's what's going to um in many cases determine the success of the ad because if they don't watch based on that and don't find out about the rest, they're not going to take the next steps. So, I really want to emphasize the hooks. It's such a high leverage activity. You could have input here if if the creators sort of a bit like, uh, what do I do? Be like, say that same thing, but just, you know, how your background is normally like this, just go do that somewhere else. do it with a phone selfie style as opposed to in front of your camera or vice versa depending on how you know that creator normally operates. It just needs to look quite different so you get past the what I call the I've seen this before filter when it's put in front of people. Also gives you a much greater chance that it will succeed because perhaps the influencer creates a an ad for you video ad and it just doesn't really land. Well, if you've got 10 different hooks, much more likely that at least one or two of them will land even if like the original one that they created um doesn't, right? So yeah, that is a really important extra wrinkle. You combine that tactic asking the created influencers to do that with using the creator marketplace. So you can easily find people, contact them, you create campaigns, and you've absolutely got a winning strategy that you can then employ, create lots of different ads. You know, we just talked about an easy way to get 20 ads from one creator. You plug that into the campaign structure that we talked about where you have the testing campaign and the scaling campaign. you can see how much testing you can get done quickly and at once. Obviously, in an ideal world, you'd work with multiple creators, multiple influencers, budget permitting. Um, and then you plug that in. The winners, you move over to your scaling campaign. You can see how this whole sort of ecosystem and this strategy works and is working particularly well right now. And I think this is only going to become more powerful as AI produces more and more social media noise, more and more nonsense that we just can ignore, things that aren't necessarily true. People are going to be looking for the signal and the signal is going to be people they trust. It's going to be the creators. It's going to be the influence. They're going to become more important as AI does more and more content creation, not less. I expect this strategy to be more valuable and more of a competitive edge as opposed to the opposite going forward. Now, earlier I briefly touched on the creator marketplace and how important that free tool is um as part of this strategy. By far the best way to go about doing this. Well, I break down the creator marketplace and demonstrate it in detail how to use it, how to create campaigns in this video here. And this really, this video here is very much a continuation of this one in order to get this strategy and use it properly. You need to go through this video. You need to watch the marketplace video. You need to set up your campaigns. Do it the right way so that you can find the right influencers. Get in touch with them. Find the right creators. Use this strategy. Use this campaign structure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @busyrado [1 likes]: Very strong video👌, I only have 1 question about when we find a winner, do we duplicate it in the scaling campaign and stop it from the testing campaign?
  3. @alejandrocordova4818: Omfg he talks a lot
  4. @maramey6862: i am from Cambodia, i don’t use website- just message- i wonder if u can help me to get better result.
  5. @jellymushroom: One thing I've noticed is that many teams have enough data but not enough creative output. That's why tools like Cropink are interesting—they help turn a few assets into multiple testable variations much faster.
  6. @xGalasko: Updated video?
  7. @Lipa-b7r: That is the fucking smartest thing i heard to buy 20 small hooks 🎉😅
  8. @user-vk9ff9gr4x: So if you show your ads two times to 100,000 people should that not have a different hook? And for this reason I'm out😂
  9. @crypt0nubie111: Hi Ben, thank you for this video - just a couple questions;

so for the two campaigns: 

testing:
- do we just continuously add different creatives?
- and how long / how much spend typically when testing new creatives

scaling:
- do you just slowly increase budget daily?

Thanks!
  10. @Mayank-ai-DS: Interesting take on the Meta carousel setup—keeps guessing awhile on creative vs copy. I’m running AI‑generated ads for apparel brands so all the model creds and subscription layers are already sorted; the real drain is tackling the creative loop solo. If the grind of making every piece killiosionically better ever feels like a marathon, I’m looking for a partner who lives in that space.
  11. @mosesdwirianto1586: Thank you for sharing Ben!
  12. @TintologyLabs: Once we get enough data to prove the testing creative is good, how do we move it over to scaling? Just with post id?
  13. @8ight8ight07: Lets say you have 20€ budget daily. Would it be better to spend all the money on one ad or should I do 3 ads and let meta decide which ad gets what amount of budget?
  14. @hidde7138: So when you find winners, and copy those to your scaling campaign. Do you turn off the winners in the testing campaign? I heard you don't want to do that, thus repeating the cycle where META does not test anything
  15. @Washwizard2019: I I like you, Ben, but I bet in the 500,000 subscribers you have on this channel more than %70 of them couldn’t afford influencers at $500 a pop or they don’t even have influencers in their demographic area for their service business or local business  even if the video has 10 extra hooks but you seem to be pushing it really hard since Meta put content creator marketplace  on the platform I wonder if there’s any correlation between those two coincidences.
  16. @TrinhLe-r7q: The scaling campaign though, will take your budget and of your say 10 ads to scale, it will prioritise budgeting only 3 or 4 of them, will they not? So effectively, in your method, 6 or 7 'winners' will not get budget, what do you say about that?
  17. @ohyeah7234: Thanks for the information! 
What if you just set minimal budget for a new creative within one campaign, instead of creating whole new campaign for testing?
  18. @gabxonokeke: You should have captioned this "Influencer Marketing" instead.
  19. @adspoc: Ben. I love you. You are my inspiration but it seems i have FAILED you. I cannot crack this code. If you can read this next comment and guide me. How can I get out of this mess. I will forever be in your debt.
  20. @TheSportsRager: This guy is helpful, but talks way too much. Just show us how to set things up correctly, we dont need to know every little detail.

- How Facebook Ads ACTUALLY Work (ELI5): Kind: captions Language: en this is how Facebook ads actually works explained like I'm five so this is you and you have a business and one day you're sitting there thinking what if the business that I had right now was bigger you're like I think that would be pretty cool you're left sitting there thinking what are the ways that I could make my business bigger and you have the genius idea of meta ads Facebook ads so you're like all right I'm going to go talk to meta so you have a conversation with meta you explain the big vision of I have this business I want to make it into a bigger business do you think you can help me meta of course obliges and says yes so you take your money and you give it to Meta Meta is very happy they promptly light your money on fire and that's the end just kidding So Meta takes your money and they know that you want to grow your business and that means that you want more people to come check out your business that's a pretty good idea because Facebook meta has over three billion people using it it is the largest platform by far it is the best place to go and find potential customers just by sheer numbers meta has a ton of people a lot of different stick figures over three billion of them So Meta is like all right I have this fresh set of dough and I've got all these people what can we do with this who should I send and meta doesn't know So Meta picks a random group of people out of their giant base of people to send to your site or send to your business now again this is your business So Meta now takes random group of people which it has some guesses they're like okay your business does X these people have liked X in the past we'll start with them so it starts sending people to your business and what do you know some people come out the other end as customers some people buy some people liked your stuff enough they liked the website they liked everything that you were about enough that they bought so what does meta do with that so what meta does is they look at the people that they sent into your business and they write that down they take note of that then they look down here and they see who came out the other end who became customer who liked the things that they had going on and they take note of that as well this process that's going on over here this process of meta watching your business watching your website watching who comes out the other end and ultimately becomes your customer that is the pixel that's your Facebook pixel the all ambiguous and Powerful pixel that's all it's doing it's literally just a stick figure with a sheet of paper writing down who became a customer because when we have that process when it has the ability to see who's on our website and who's actually buying then when meta goes back to its massive database of 3 billion people it has data and now when it's looking at this vast sea of potential customers that it could send our way it knows who to look for and it knows the attributes of our customers and the people that we want to see more of now the process of it identifying and matching up these people this right here this thing that we're summarizing with thumbs up and X's is infinitely complex machine learning learning algorithms and AI that we can't even begin to wrap our minds around even like the top engineers at meta like it's very hush hush like how this whole process happens all we need to know is that basically they take all the data that they have they find more people they find us more stick figures and the reason that we care about this is that then when meta goes back to send more people to our business they're the people that are like our previous customers so then in theory we will get more customers out the bottom because it's sending us better traffic now this only took us a couple of slides to get through but this process takes time this is the optimization period this is the process of Facebook learning who our customers are and then meta comes back to us with a giant stack of money and everything is all happy and good and we are super super rich our business grows and things are great not always the case obviously however that's not because meta is doing a bad job for us majority of the time it is something that is very much in our control something that we are able to prevent and improve over time by making some very specific changes to our business the real reason is because a lot of times we have what's called a leaky funnel our business here is losing customers throughout every step in the process so while meta yes is getting better at sending us the right people it's seeing who is shaking out to the bottom it's doing its best to send us more of those people when we have a leaky funnel it doesn't matter how many of the perfect people meta is putting in the top of the funnel for us if it's a leaky bucket it doesn't matter if we dump a fire hydrant in the top we're still only going to get a handful of people out the bottom this is the process of funnel optimization you want to learn more about this process and the things that we are able to do in order to close those leaks in our funnel then click the link over here and I'm going to take you through our seven fig Shopify sales funnel step by step and show you every page in our funnel and the changes that we make to maximize the number of people that come out the bottom and ultimately become our customers [Music] a

  Top Comments:
  1. @sensible3d406 [10 likes]: Meta is like my boss. He makes a dollar, I make a dime.
  2. @LOQUITO_CRIS [6 likes]: I'm learning face book drop ship this video just explained it pretty easy thanks 🙏
  3. @ShortsVideosASMR [3 likes]: Google has 5 billion reach
  4. @motorcyte8227 [2 likes]: Not accurate. This video fits your purpose to send people to your course, but it's misleading to say the issue is "leaky" funnel. There's a myriad of reasons why a campaign might not work as intended. Simply sleazy, used-railroad wagon sales man tactics on your end :-(
  5. @Bebevegetto [1 likes]: If you don't initially have your pixel set up, does it continuously show the  same people the same ads?
  6. @user-kf7sp1hm7c [1 likes]: Hey, thanks ! So it’s normal that at first, not a lot of people visits our website ? They are basically building the data ? How long does this period lasts ?
  7. @ChrisHeckman: Build Your Free POD Store Here: https://www.buildmypod.ai/freestore-ytc072
  8. @yotitus: You're not actually explaining anything? Nothing you say is concrete.
  9. @GracefulAcresHorsemanship: Thank you
  10. @brickbear6296: why didn't you mention the "auction" feature of the meta process? also, why does your video look like ai?
  11. @SantaClausEdmonton: I’m really interested in your service.
It used to be very easy for me to get customers through Facebook Marketplace. Now that Facebook has restricted Marketplace access, I’ve had to switch to paid advertising.
I’ve spent over $1,000 on Facebook ads and haven’t received a single call. Most of the responses I get are from people who are frustrated because Facebook forces them to click the call button
  12. @okewufaith1: Thanks so much for sharing 🎉
  13. @Mrhookes: I think i love Meta 😅😅😅
  14. @cinidtv6384: Actually no, YouTube has more than 3 billion
  15. @Angel-r2x6s: basically give me money and ill show you, waste of time crodie
  16. @ReneeThomas-d5c: It was very interesting
  17. @Truecrimetv23: The way you explained that was legendary !!!
  18. @ShortsVideosASMR: You have said nothing. I spent over usd1000 with then and they sent me a lot of reach but not a single buyer.
  19. @cashwaller8258: Hey would someone be interested in partnering on a marketing campaign we could make $100k this month profit, let me know i need someone to run the ad
  20. @sensible3d406: Starting to think Meta has become the worst place to market now.

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @BrockPMO [1 likes]: @jaredirobinson can u make one of these for fashion/clothing brands plz espically with the angles and ad creatives
  3. @Jandersonfit: 3D
  4. @adahlawson9113: De-jargonize
  5. @janworeya9849: And how it works with fashion?
  6. @mishkatfarooq6358: 3D. Very helpful video, I am trying to understand how to run ads for my micro business and for a small company that i work for and this was really helpful . i migh twatch it again to understand more as i am very new at this but overall i am happy i found your video. Thanks alot.
  7. @CanalAncestral: Thanks my Viking brother!
  8. @hussainbilal5884: Hey Jare, I wanna know if u can guide me i run campaigns for my clients with limited budgets, such as 15 to 20 USD per day is their any helpful strategies for the low-budget ads, or just to keep it simple ill be thankful if u reply to me
  9. @lavrik_94: 3D
  10. @brodybruin: 3D
  11. @jellymushroom: This is something I've been noticing too. As a freelancer working with ecommerce clients, it feels like creative testing matters more than ever. We've been using Cropink for catalog creatives, and honestly, being able to produce more variations faster has made a bigger difference than I expecte
  12. @easyweb305: 3d
  13. @lumoborteidoku: 3D! 
I learned a lot here, and thanks for confirming my suspicions about founder-led ads
  14. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  15. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  16. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  17. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  18. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  19. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  20. @ryancmcleod: 3d

- How To Crush Facebook Ads with a Small Budget: Kind: captions Language: en when I first started my Facebook ads agency I ran successful Facebook ad campaigns for clients with tiny budgets literally $100 per month that's about $3 per day and the good news is you absolutely can succeed with Facebook ads with a small budget and in this video I'm going to show you how Okay so let's start by defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is so I would Define a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $33,000 per month so about $100 per day or less and a tiny Facebook ads budget is anything less than $600 per month so $20 per day or less now like I've already said you absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget you can succeed with a tiny Facebook ads budget so that's the good news and actually recommend a lot of businesses start there they start with a small budget because your first Facebook ad campaigns might not perform really well out of the gate they might take a bit of time to work it out that sometimes happens and it's better to start small start with an amount that's not going to put you or your business in any financial difficulties and then once you know your campaigns are profitable you can always scale from there there are however some things I'd recommend you do differently or things you really need to focus on when you're operating with a small Facebook ad budget as opposed to a larger budget and that's what we're going to run through in this video those things that you might need to adjust that you really need to focus on if you want success with a small budget so Point number one is to copy from what works best in your industry already when you have a small budget you don't have a lot of money with which to test you can't go out and test lots of different ad formats and different creative options and different headline options you just you just don't have the money to be able to dedicate to all those different variables to know which works best and which doesn't so the way you massively shortcut that is you take a look at what's already working really well in your industry now you can do that with a free tool called The Meta ads Library you literally Google it pop right up and then you can take a look at any Facebook and Instagram advertisers ads that are currently live and you can see what ads they're running and how long Those ads have been running for so I'd recommend you go and check out a number of competitors find those that are that are running Facebook and Instagram ads take a look at the ads that they're running and then a top tip is to analyze in particular the ones that have been running a long time so if you find an ad that's been live for 3 months or 6 months or longer the chances are that that ad's performing really well otherwise that company would have turned off Those ads so you take a look at those ads that have been live for quite a long time is still currently live you'll be able to see all that information within the meta ads library and then you think okay why are those ads working can we replicate that in our own ads can we create ads with a similar style can we create ads with the same format are they image are they video uh can we use some of the a similar language in our copy you don't want to fully copy Those ads you want to model from them and create your own versions but that can massively shortcut your path to success because you can basically benefit from all the testing that someone else has done potentially with a much larger budget and bring that into your ads and have a much higher percentage of your ads working which is what you need to do with a small budget because like I said you don't have the budget to go out and do a lot of testing and to make this even easier for you HubSpot who I'm partnering with on this video have created a fantastic fantastic free resource that contains 50 High performing Facebook ads there is a link in the video description below where you can download these Facebook ad examples and find great options to model from they've included ads from Nike Hulu VMO and so much more my favorite part is that it's sorted by industry to make it really easy to find what you're looking for I'd strongly recommend you check it out and use it to level up your Facebook ad creative check the link in the description below and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video Point number two is to reduce the number of variables so firstly I'd recommend that you focus on one off only just try and sell the one product or service I'd recommend that you start by trying to sell what is sold best previously if you don't have data on that you're a brand new business then go with whichever option you think will sell best or at least the option that has the best margins because obviously the better margins the more profitable your Facebook ads are going to be if you do manage to sell um that product or service and that really helps reduce the number of variables and doesn't spread your budget your small budget across too many campaigns too many ad sets too many ads because if you do that you're not going to get enough data enough conversions on any one of those campaigns adssets etc for a you to know whether or not they're performing well and be for meta to be able to optimize properly so really really important to reduce the number of variables and then when you're just advertising that one offer make sure that you don't overload meta with too many variables within that one campaign so not too many adets not too many ads really reduce right down obviously once it's working and then you're looking to scale you can expand you can sell other products sell other services and things like that but do that once you're able to start increasing your budget because your One Core offer your most profitable or your bestselling thing is performing really well number three is to trust matter what do I mean by that it means using Advantage Plus shopping campaigns or using Advantage Plus audience when using manual campaigns giving meta some suggestions around targeting But ultimately allowing mattera to do what it thinks is best in terms of finding the Right audience and and doing all the things that it wants to do from an optimization standpoint when you have a small budget you can't afford to be cute or ever or try and think around the system or risk part of that budget on unusual or out there things something we might do with larger budgets we think this has a low probability of working but if it does work it might work really really well so it's worth dedicating a small po portion of our budget and giving this a go that doesn't work with small budgets you don't have the budget with which to play so just go with the recommendations the guidelines remember meta wants you to get the best ad results possible because they know if you do that you're going to spend more stick around for longer Etc so go with their recommendations for the most part use their systems and try and get all of that on your side now Point number four is that you should be willing to spend more on conversions now a lot of new Facebook advertisers particularly those operating with small budgets they have unrealistic expectations of how profitable and how successful their ad campaign should be so I've spoken to a lot of Facebook advertisers relatively new usually operating with small budgets and I'll ask them what's your target return on adspend like what do you want to hit from a return on adspend number that would make your campaigns work and you'd be happy with that and then they'll often say a 10x so for every dollar they spend on Facebook ads they want $10 worth of sales leads Etc um back that's pretty unrealistic particularly for a relatively new Facebook ad account without a lot of conversion data operating um with a small budget so I think you should be willing to be much more aggressive with what you're happy to spend to get a new customer I would personally recommend being quite aggressive and going all the way up to your break even number that might be a 2 XRS that might be a 2.5 XRS 3x rows obviously a lot lot less than what people typically say when they're operating with small budgets and their beginners and that's a 10x rows now what that allow you to do yes you won't make as much money from each new customer acquired but what that allow you to do is scale and when you're apprting with a small budget it's really important to remember that the results you get aren't forever the point of the campaigns and the ads that you're running right now is to get them successful get them to at least break even and allow you to scale when you do that your campaign are going to generate more conversion data you'll have more budget to then play with meta will be able to optimize your campaigns better you will likely see an improvement in results um you also start building a larger customer base you start building a bigger brand because the more people interact with your business uh the more brand awareness there is the more likely there are to be referrals the more likely to be Word of Mouth the more um repeat business you get because you've got a larger customer base now perhaps you don't want to be quite as aggressive as going all the way to break even um in terms of your your sort of cost per purchase or your cost per lead but would you not be happy with a 4X Rass I think you should be with a small budget I think that's a pretty good outcome and if you can achieve that you can then scale um and like I said you get all those benefits that I've just discussed so in general be braver with your ad spend see a lower Rass number than something like a 10x Ras as a success because what we're doing right now with a small budget is not trying to make a lot of profit is to get us ready to be able to scale and produce better results and build a better more profitable business so Point number four five is no brand awareness I've heard a lot of small business owners over the years say things like oh it's good to spend a bit of money on ads just sort of get your business out there what does that even mean that's so wishy-washy isn't it get your business out there that that's that's nothing tangible that's nothing concrete you're not really measuring any sort of return on investment from that it's just a a throwaway sentence but it absolutely dictates some advertisers Behavior they spend a bit of money on an awareness campaign to sort of get their business out there as a small business with a small budget if you run an awareness campaign and you're aiming for brand awareness that's a really good way to just see no results from your marketing efforts just literally get no return no customers no leads ex I've seen it happen so many times it's what a lot of new advertisers do particularly those operating with a small budget when you're using a small budget you have to go for what you really want which is either going to be leads or sales depending on your business you need to set your campaign up for that you need to um craft your ad copy for that you need to produce creative that is designed to get you that you don't have the budget to mess around with other things brand awareness campaigns are for larger companies typically those that already have an element of brand awareness and they're looking to multiply that to refresh it to keep it going as opposed to build it um from scratch now one exception to that is my omnipresent content strategy which actually does use the awareness campaign objective it can be very effective with small budgets because you're using it with a small targeted audience only works for certain types of business I'll include a link in the video description in case you want to go ahead and check that out for further information so that is an exception but for the vast majority of businesses operating with small budgets they should be going directly for leads directly for sales and not trying to run awareness campaigns guess how much I've spent on Facebook ads in Total 1 million 10 million no the real number is at least $50 million and I'm giving away everything I've learned from spending those $50 million on Facebook ads in one crazy bundle where you'll get 100 plus step-by-step training videos access to an exclusive School Community with more than 700 business owners just like you live calls and live trainings with me and my team first no updates on changes to algorithms and what's working right now plus so much more all for the tiny price of just £97 per month and this bundle is filled with the exact strategies that we use to generate insane results like this and like this and like this so if you want to stop messing around with your Facebook ads and actually have them change your business and your life click the link and I'll see you on the inside okay Point number six is to not mess with your Facebook ad campaigns too frequently now one of the most important parts of Facebook advertising and understanding how it works is the learning phase when you create a new campaign you set it live the ad set will go into the learning phase and that's where meta is running all sorts of experiments to try and get you the best results possible so they're working out who within the target audience should they put the ads in front of uh what time of day should they put ads in front of people how many Impressions do people need on average in order to take the action that you want to take so all these various experiments now during the learning phase your results are quite volatile because all these tests are being run now the learning phase can last varying amounts of times it depends on conversion volume but let's say for example on average it's 48 Hours within your ad account if you are going back into your campaigns and making adjustments and tweaks and things like that every time you do that it resets the learning phase so you restart you go through that process again which means that a lot of I've seen this happen so many different ad accounts a lot of Facebook advertisers are making changes at least once every 48 hours to the point where their campaigns can never properly optimize can never properly get out of the learning phase and they miss out on the better results and the full optimization that they could have had um because they just can't help themselves but tinker and make these changes and when you're operating with a small budget it's more difficult for your campaigns to get out of the learning phase anyway because what meta really needs to learn to optimize is conversions and I often get the questions one of the most common questions I get asked is once I create a new Facebook ad and set it live how long should I leave leave that before knowing it it whether it works or not and there is no set time and the reason why is because it depends on conversion volume so let's say for example you're running a campaign in ad account that gets 2,000 purchases a day like we have clients that operate with that sort of volume well we can set an ad live and we will know whether or not it's working within a couple of hours it'd be really that quick because you get so many conversions right whereas if you're running a campaign in an ad account that gets five conversions a week it might take you a month to know whether whether or not a new ad is performing well in comparison to say previous benchmarks so it's absolutely based on conversion volume not time when you have a smaller budget you normally generate less conversions than if you have a larger budget and therefore it takes longer to get through the learning phase therefore it's really important for you to just leave things alone let meta do it thing also make sure that you give your ads your campaigns longer to assess whether or not they are actually working because of what I just described it might take a couple of weeks for you to know if this ad is actually producing results the the less you spend the conversions you get the more you need to expand your time frames to assess things okay so Point number seven is to Niche down now when you're operating with a smaller budget instead of trying to advertise to your total target market it's better to to pick a specific section of that market and advertise to them instead otherwise your ads are just going to get lost in the other ads that are sort of generically targeting the whole Market whereas if you pick a small section of your Market you can then tailor your messaging to really speak to those people which makes it much more likely that they will engage much more likely that they will then convert it's actually one of the advantages that smaller businesses with smaller budgets have is they can go more Niche they can be more specific whereas the larger businesses they need uh the larger volume of customers the larger volume of leads they have to stay more broad typically so really lean into that and and take advantage so I'll give you an example so my agency my meta ads agency now we can we're big enough to go broad like we work with all different types of business when it comes to running their Facebook and Instagram ads but if I was to start all over I would pick a very specific Niche to start with for example we could position ourselves as a meta ads agency that specializes in software businesses SAS businesses right we could say this is the only types of business we run ads for we're really specialist at this we're really good at this and then tailor all our marketing and and the messaging for those people specifically so that when those people the people that own SAS businesses or you know marketing managers for SAS businesses they see our advertising they see our marketing and think these guys are perfect for us because they spend specializ in specifically what we do so when you're operating with a smaller budget do that go for a specific subsection of your market and then as you scale and as you grow you can add in other subsections and then eventually uh be large enough to sort of go broad across your your potential total Market but at the beginning that's a real competitive Advantage you can have over some of the big boys is like yeah you know their brand you don't know us but look we specialize in you that's why you should click on our ad that's why you should buy our product that's why you should use our service Point number eight is to jump on new new features and strategies so larger companies with bigger budgets they normally take longer to do things there's lots of decision makers it can be really quite slow trust me as an agency that works we work with all different types of businesses but some of them are very large businesses it can be quite frustrating the speed with which they operate at when you're a smaller business operating with a smaller budget that's another competitive Advantage you can jump on new features you can jump on new strategies and take advantage of stuff that's going to take the bigger players 6 months maybe longer to actually get round to using themselves and with that in mind I'd recommend you check out this video in it I share a new Facebook ad strategy that is brilliant for maximizing leads and sales and if that's what you want which most Facebook advertisers do go ahead and check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [11 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @MultiCast-official [1 likes]: The point about not spreading yourself too thin really hit home. As a solo founder, the hardest part for me isn't even the ads—it's having to manage the strategy, creative, and setup all at once. Is everyone doing this manually, or are there systems you're using to stay sane?
  3. @Ashton_marketing [1 likes]: I'm receiving 4-8 purchases per month by spending $20/day on sales campaign😭 product costs are $100 roughly. please make videos on running campaigns with small budget
  4. @BryceMccullum: Ok so I know you are probally one of the busiest people on earth…..I need help if you can I’ve been using ads for a while and I’ve had a very mixed result testing different things. I recently destroyed my last ad and I have since created 2 simple videos that I believe have the potential to really bring home the bacon……..here’s the issues I’ve never used video ads and I don’t know which type I should use engagement leads? I’m running a local buyback business through a phone repair shop currently.
  5. @mattmaycroft: I didn't know what I was doing. And I blew $500 in a day.
  6. @amyl7072: You talk too fast. Can't keep up with you
  7. @MrDiyar2660: Should we post 20+ ads per ad set with a low budget to let meta choose the ones most suitable for the customer. Or should we post 2-3 ads? In one of your videos, you recommend to post 20+
  8. @adaoraeje: This video just answered a question i had 2 hours ago. The question was: what's a successful ad for a relatively new meta advertizer.
Thank you for sharing.
I was in the 10x ROAS goal "boat", and have been kicking myself for getting 5x these past few months. Now I'll be more gracious to myself/my business.

Again, thank you.
  9. @sambaldwin4898: Would you recommend retargetting being your first meta ads campaign?
  10. @arbenr8897: Can you create a new similar video, Ben? :) please
  11. @ImOnPoint: This feels like a Facebook ad. The tips are not super groundbreaking.
  12. @rosiefoster713: Hi does this still apply on 2026?  if i follow your tutorial or has it changed?
  13. @rossscobievideographer53: Just on this, I recently stopped my campaigns during the day and only played evevnings before I started leads and followers
  14. @TheSerpentOfSiena: Do you still offer a service where you run the ad campaign for others?
  15. @propmakermaker: small shop how the fuck has 600 dollars to spend on ads
  16. @RenzoRiccetti: I'm doing COD e commerce and I'm at a low spend (20-30€/day). I can afford to spend more (100€/day) but I don't because COD is peculiar and if a campaign gets your 30 purchases in one day, 6 of those 30 will contact you saying they don't actually want it. Of those 24 left, only 16 will be a succesful delivery on the first try and of those 8 left,  you will only deliver 4 and the other 4 you'll have to ship them back (which costs money) so stuff like this prevents me from scaling a "good performing" campaign because it gives me liquidity issues since I get the money from the paid orders about 2-3 days later (maybe even 4 if its the weekend). Do you have any advice on what to do? Because I'll get pretty good results at 30€/day (about 6-7 orders) and I decide not to touch it until I recuperate cash flow and the next day it'll do 2 orders at 30€/day. Thank you and great  video btw!
  17. @RachelDacusAuthor: Real talk for small business advertisers! Thanks, Ben. This is a valuable video, and I'm recommending it to my fellow indie authors.
  18. @HumanBrain123: What happens when you have a new customer who demands you create an ad with the goal to go to their website, but their website sucks and they have no social media presence either. Is it still worth it to advertise  on Facebook when you really have nothing to start with?
  19. @VRDNS0707: Quick question @Ben Heath. I am running a brand new ad account for E-com, Should i warm up pixel by using conversion event to be View Content or I can set it directly to be Purchases ?
  20. @saviland-savilandofficialn3735: when ABO, budget lower than $5 show "To avoid zero results, the budget must be set to at least $5.00". CBO budget when lower than running adset number* $5, the same. Is it update or bug?

- More Leads, Less Cost: How B2B Companies Are Winning with Meta Ads: Kind: captions Language: en Remember when everyone thought that B2B marketing had to live on LinkedIn because LinkedIn is, of course, the B2B platform? Well, in this video, I want to explain to you why that thinking is dead today. Recently, we were having a conversation with one of our B2B marketing clients, and they are a high ticket B2B service in the service business niche. And for long, for a long time, they spent all of their time on LinkedIn. I'm not here to say that that was wrong. What I'm here to share with you if you're a B2B company, seven figure, 8 figureure company, six figure company even, why you might be missing an opportunity on meta using Facebook and Instagram and hopefully in this video you'll go against the idea that your client's not on Facebook. First of all, if you're here new for the first time in this podcast, I'm Daryl Evans. I'm the host of the podcast, co-founder and CEO of Yoka Local, soon to be Mind Shift Digital. And over the last 14 years, we've helped companies generate well over 300 million in revenue. Now, I want to take you to a conversation I was having with this CEO that had been spending a lot of time, energy, effort, and money on LinkedIn. And I want to just share with you an initial statistic that hopefully will land with you right now. Now, again, at the time of recording this, I'm going to give you today's statistic based on information I found on the on the internet. I certainly don't have the data exactly from LinkedIn and I certainly don't have it from Meta. But here's the basic idea. Here's what struck me years ago, which is why we started pivoting B2B companies to Meta. The average person on Meta spends 44 minutes per day on that platform versus the average person on LinkedIn spends roughly 22 minutes per month. Now again, I can't prove that that data is true, but when I step back and look at the consumption on a platform like LinkedIn, though that is the place where your buyers might be hanging out, they're not there for very long compared to Meta. 22 minutes per month versus 43 minutes, 44 minutes per day. There is a huge opportunity lying in that statistic alone. But that's not where we're going to stop. What we're going to talk about today is what's happened in LinkedIn that has yet to catch up to meta and that is LinkedIn is still for the upper mid-market to enterprise market when it comes to advertising. Now, if you're following any of the gurus who say you should post three times a day on LinkedIn or on social media, aka Gary Vee, aka any of the other influencers, if that's the game you're playing, please keep playing that game. We are not against that game. We just don't think it's what most of you want to do. So, we are not going to be proponents of trying to force you to do something you don't want to do. Here's what we know our clients want. Our clients know that they're one of the best in their game. Our clients know that they've got a history of success. Our clients know that they've got a product or a service that solves a real problem and they've been solving it for people for years or businesses for years. What they want today is more customers. What they want today is a more consistent, predictable, reli reliable flow of leads. What they want is a sales pipeline that has people in it who have the right problem, who are looking for a solution to the problem, whether they want to solve it today or not. It's called building a pipeline. And so why would I say that Meta is a better place to run, for example, your advertising. Now, I'm not talking about building an organic audience on LinkedIn versus Meta. I'm talking about how do you go find cold prospects? How do you get people who already have your problem, who may or may not be in the journey to solve it, but who can find your brand, become top of mind to your business, and eventually end up in your salesunnel. What I want to talk to you today is the evolution of Meta's targeting. Number two, I want to talk to you about the actual campaign structure. And number three, I want to give you sort of an implementation idea that might work for your business. Because what I can imagine is you probably aren't creating a lot of content for your business today. So, I'm going to give you a super simple way to do what we call expertled content ads. And we'll come to that in the third way. So, let's jump right into what's evolved in Meta's platform. Well, many of you know that the iOS updates back in 2021 2022 has blocked some of the tracking ability between um Meta and anyone with an Apple device. So, if you carry an Apple device, automatically by default when you started updating your device back in 2021 or 2022, Meta's ability to know what your behavior was from the Meta or from an Apple smartphone or an iPhone, it was then blocked by that data going back to Meta. So Meta started losing the ability to know exactly what its users were doing on an Apple device. You have to literally manually go into your Apple phone and say, "Yes, I want I want you to send my data back to Meta." Well, what's happening not just at Meta, but it's on LinkedIn. It's on Google. And that is us as consumers, we are winning in a way the battle for privacy. We're starting to get some of our privacy back. Not just with browser popups, not just with opting out of email lists, but the the uh we are winning the battle to privacy. We're losing the ability to be tracked by cookies. The platforms are no longer being able to check us everywhere we go. Now, the one thing that does still happen that has made things very interesting for Meta is that our phones are almost always with us. And our phones almost always have these apps open, even if they're not on the screen, because we usually don't log out of the app. And over the last several years, we started challenging the idea that B2B uh customers that are B2B clients who were complaining about spending four, five, 6x more on LinkedIn because LinkedIn's barrier to entry into a good ad campaign often outstripped their desire or their comfort level for their existing budget. So what we've learned in the last several years is that Meta rebuilt its ad auction and rebuilt its targeting engine even though it doesn't have those very niched down targeting opportunities. So what we started learning and this is a framework that I want you to think about. Write it down if you're sitting at your desk or at your computer or definitely bookmark this part of the video because what I'm going to say right now leads and governs every way we think about writing campaigns for ads that convert. And that is your ad creative plus your ad copy does the targeting. Your ad creative plus your ad copy does the targeting. And what does that mean? Right? What does it mean? It means that in a world where we have less targeting options and less specific targeting options on LinkedIn or Meta or Twitter or YouTube or in Google, then we have to make sure we understand what's going on in the mind of our customer. If we understand the five, six, seven, 8, nine triggering events that our ideal client or prospect would have that would lead them on a journey to solve their problem with our product or service or even a competitor's product or service. And we make our ad creative, our image or our video or and our ad copy call out to those specific triggering events or problems or agitations or frustrations or desires. When we pair those two together, we can literally leave the targeting alone. We can leave it out. Some so many people on LinkedIn, they think that, well, because someone has a certain title, they're going to have the problem. And it's just not true. Some people think that because they they they're in a certain location, they're going to have the problem. And that's also not true. Good marketing today in a modern world and specifically why do we think B2B can work really effectively in meta, not just do we think we we do it every day, but what's happened is once we started focusing in on the ad creative, what does your audience typically engage with? Are they engaging with images or are they engaging with video? Are they watching webinars or are they downloading ebooks and white papers? Are they taking quizzes and assessments or are they filling out you know uh surveys and coming to conferences? Once we find out what type of creative to put in front of them and then more importantly we get our copy right. And the funny thing about copy is is you don't have to be fancy if you're not a copywriter, right? You literally have to understand the three things that are on their mind that would be wanting them to solve their problem, right? And you put that in your copy, pair that with your creative, and that is literally the new modern way to work with meta. Even if you're B2B, even if you're high ticket, you know, one of our clients is looking for what I would call 0.5% of the entire population. I'm not going to get into their industry. I'm not going to get into their niche. I will tell you that the person they're looking for is probably 0.5% of the global population. It's a fraction of the entire world. And we took them off of LinkedIn and did exactly what I just described. And now we don't even advertise on LinkedIn anymore because they're having so much success selling out their live event, recruiting founders to their program, um selling local events, just I mean we've literally failed on one campaign I can think of recently and I'm embarrassed to say we failed on it. It's it was a new offering that they had and we just didn't do a great job with that one. But for the last 3 to four years, even their their founder and executive director, he's like, I would have never believed we could have this much success with Meta. and we always thought we always thought we had to be on LinkedIn. Okay, so let's talk about the campaign structure here that you would want to use in this kind of campaign. Now, the first thing you got to understand is we are talking about generating leads. We're talking about generating leads, but for us, there's two components to a lead genen campaign that always matters. Number one is what we call your top-of- mind awareness campaign, and number two is your conversion or lead generation campaign. And for us, we have found over the years, especially when you sell something high ticket to a B2B buyer that has influence and affluence and they do not have to do it today, meaning it's not an emergency, right? So, is this an emergency or is this not an emergency? Very first thing you can think about in your campaign. And once you accept that what you're selling is not an emergency, even if you know it can help, you're going to be better off in how you write your copy. Now, you understand the two structure of the campaign. So, we do campaign structure number one, top of- mind awareness. What do we do there? We like to do expert-led interview advertising, which means we interview the experts, the thought leaders, the subject matter experts of that business, of that brand. Might be the founder, might be the CEO, might be a product engineer, it could be anyone who is an expert about the problem that they solve for their customer. And then we run these top-of- mind awareness ads to do what? build brand awareness, to build a v visibility, to build engagement, to start taking a perfect stranger from saying, "I have no idea who you are to, hey, that was an interesting thing you put in that video, and I actually have that problem. Let me learn more about you." Okay, campaign number one. Campaign number two is the one you think of, which is the one that everyone wants to run, and that is to generate new leads. And of course, you know that there's three different places a lead can show up in your world. They can show up problem aare, solution aware, or purchase aware. And the problem is you always want someone to show up purchase aware, right? Sometimes you got to pump the brakes and realize that the best place to find someone is when they're problem or solution aware and get them to work with them until they're decision aware. So that's a very simple campaign structure. We're not going to get into the breakdown of campaigns here, but I just wanted to uh kind of illuminate for you that I think B2B marketing through Meta is in many cases, in many ways from an advertising standpoint better than what's available on LinkedIn. Now, listen, we started advertising on LinkedIn probably in 2016 or 2015. And what I've learned even after Microsoft bought LinkedIn is that the ad platform is trying to become better. It is trying to get a little bit better, but the targeting just isn't there. Uh, their platform itself is trying to be more like Tik Tok and is trying to be more like a social media platform, but I just don't think it's catering to the majority of you. Right? So, in that case, when you've got a fixed budget, when you've got a budget for the calendar year, if we're allocating dollars and cents, for every dollar you spend on uh meta, you're going to have to spend four to six times that on LinkedIn in our experience with our clients, you may see something different. So, if that math works for you, fantastic. What I'm simply saying is there might be a better way. So, modern marketing is changing. LinkedIn B2B is not just a LinkedIn playground anymore. Some of you, by the way, if you're doing organic marketing, then none of this matters to you. Keep doing your organic stuff. That's perfectly fine. But I will tell you that the opportunity for you to dig deeper in meta in a surprising way, by the way, again, there are problems with meta. I'm not here to say I'm just a meta fan. I'm just simply saying that when we're trying to turn a perfect stranger and no customer and we're trying to figure out where the majority of people still have an account and they still log in daily and when they log in they stay longer on meta Facebook or Instagram than they do on LinkedIn then that is a rich field of opportunity for you to build top awareness and top of- mind awareness for your product or service and find the people that are both problem and solution aware to invite into your world. So, we talk a lot about this at our agency. We talk a lot about about this in our uh mind shift inner circle where we work with our clients every single month on their campaigns, on our frameworks, teaching them everything we know. We know that everyone is not ready to become an agency client with us. But if that happens to be you and you want to talk about how we can uh do this for your company and take over your marketing and help you get better results, there's a link down below. You can reach out and talk to our agency about what that could look like. But if you want to just learn more, if you want to be a part of a community, if you want to not be alone on this island of trying to figure it out all day and get practical processes and playbooks that we use in our agency since 2011 to do well over 300 million for our clients and counting, then I'd invite you to click that link down below and we'll see you inside the inner circle. If not, I'll see you next week on another episode of the Mind Ship Podcast. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @scotthsudneks [4 likes]: I just watched about 12 B2B lead gen videos and this was by far the best out of all of them.
  2. @GoVelto [2 likes]: Very interesting watch. Logically makes so much sense. I get caught up in the whole “I’m selling B2B, I need LinkedIn” think it’s time to change things up a little.
  3. @eev4489 [2 likes]: Excellent content! thank for that
  4. @tiburom_ke [1 likes]: Bookmarked on browser, subscribed and I'm set to do this for the next week. I can feel guaranteed success will come already. Thank you.
  5. @Robinhartz [1 likes]: This was a really fantastic video. Thanks for making it
  6. @ketakalandadze3614: Thank you so much
  7. @dulmipro3750: thing is I liked your consistency, dedication of how you have 456 videos for 16 years... and you really provide the value.. of how things are going... 

and i really want to see you winning, as a content writer, i would like you to kindly shorter the content... and its hard work but kindly do add more visuals in the videos along... working better... as for the people they get bored easily when they keep listening to someone speaking... but different visuals keeps them hooked
  8. @ivanfaraldo: I’ll die by what you’ve said! It’s a prediction I had that worked. Was looking for stats to back this up and that’s how I stumbled upon your video!
  9. @jasongregorysa: We are targeting businesses who would use our services but we are only getting people who want jobs filling out our forms.
  10. @PilotWestStudios: Man, I am seein this as well!

Our best customers (C-suite) of many differing ages are NOT on LinkedIn.

They ARE on Meta and Youtube (problem aware).

They ARE looking for solutions on Google Search (solutions aware).

I feel bigger B2B companies are sleeping on Meta and I see the shift where Meta is trying to take market share away from LinkedIn Ads.
And with Google Ads CPC becoming so expensive, Meta provides a much more approachable way to iterate to a winning campaign for smaller brands.

Also, Darrell. Well done on the content.
Very aticulate. Easy to understand, Production quality is increadible.
  11. @Robinhartz: I’m so glad LinkedIn is dead man I hate that platform
  12. @AndrewScarella: Awesome video! For your campaign structure, are you running the brand awareness campaign, and then remarketing to those who interacted with your lead gen form campaign?
  13. @420Jon69: Do you have step by step instructions on how to run these types of linked in ads or lead generation?
  14. @You.TubeExpert: This video was truly insightful! I watched it attentively and learned a lot about leveraging Meta Ads for B2B marketing. The comparison between LinkedIn and Meta platforms was eye-opening, and the real-world examples made the strategies clear. Excited for the next episode—looking forward to more valuable insights. Thanks for sharing!

- How To Analyse Facebook Ads The RIGHT Way: Kind: captions Language: en I've generated more than $200 million in sales directly from Facebook and Instagram ads for our clients over the past 9 years and during that time my team and I have worked out the best way to analyze Facebook ads data to significantly improve results and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how we do it okay so let me start by showing you the metrics that we actually track what data points do we look at what matters what doesn't matter and and we will go from there so I'm in ads manager I'm in one of our Facebook ad accounts that we actually use to retarget for our own products and services this campaign specifically that we're talking about is for our Facebook ads Mastery product I'll explain more about that um in a little bit um we're going to use this as the example campaign to show you the data points um that we use and how we make decisions around analyzing campaigns that are live ads that are live and then optimizing working out uh what to do and how to improve results which is a hugely important part of Facebook ads you very much cannot get the best results from just creating a Facebook ad campaign throwing it out there and hoping the results are great you absolutely need to be digging into the data and improving things that's what I'm going to show you how to do okay so let me start by going through the columns that we actually take a look at and we've got um like a customized column preset uh here to have all the data that we like to look at um when we're going through and actively managing campaigns okay so First Column obviously other than the the name itself of the campaign the adset or ad we've got delivery um and then we've got actions actions is sort of a shortcut within the column section referring to the new opportunity score feature um so it's showing here that there are three plus available points that we could uh optimize uh within this ad set to to get better results if you want to know more about opportunity score that's not what this video is about I'll include a link in the video description to another video that shows you all the details around this new feature it's really good by the way I recommend you do it but you do want there you do want an actions column in there now that it's available because it reminds you and shows you oh there are some optimization actions that we may or may not want to take um available that meta is recommending then we've got budget you can see here it just says using campaign budget this campaign has got one adset so it really doesn't make any difference whether you're using CBO or AO whether you're setting the budget at the campaign level adset level a lot of people will tell you differently and it does matter but if you got one adset it just doesn't make any difference uh but we got budget in there cuz that's useful and then we've got amount spent um so we spent over just over £2,000 on this campaign it's been running for you know we've got the time frame set to maximum I think this has been running for 60 days something along those lines the next column is purchases now with this campaign that is what we are optimizing for we're are trying to get purchases for our Facebook ads Mastery product um but I should say that this column here doesn't always want to purchases this wants to be whatever conversion event it is that you are optimizing for after amount spent so if you're optimizing for leads put leads in here if you're optimizing for complete registrations put that in there instead okay but we've got purchases because that's what we're optimizing for here then we've got cost per purchase very useful metric to be able to see cost for purchase and when I get to the next stage and we start looking at various different components and comparing them that is one of the most important metrics possible after that we've got purchase conversion value now for some reason this isn't feeding through it was feeding through when I literally did the prep for this video it's not feeding through now and I thought about using a different example but I actually thought this was an interesting thing for me to mention because um ad manager is buggy and these things do happen I think it's quite useful for you guys going through this to be like oh every now and then that happens to me so this had purchase conversion value data there um it doesn't now but you don't really need it for the purpose of this video what I want to to just leave it in there to demonstrate that this happens but also explain what's going on here right so um the conversion value on the Facebook Master product is £97 per month right so in terms of you could get a sense for for what that's going to look like in terms of what we're paying you know would we pay £23 cost per purchase to acquire a customer that's worth £97 per month uh absolutely that's a that's a fantastic R uh when you factor in lifetime value um but yeah you want your purch conversion value in there if you are optimizing for purchases if you're optimizing for leads something else it's not really going to apply and then we've got purchase return anouncement so basically what's your row ass um and again again because this number isn't feeding through it's not creating a rows calculation uh to be fair when you've got a product like this that bills monthly the rows calculation that you see within your Facebook ad account is not going to be that accurate because it might just include the first transaction so let's say 97 on average with a 23 cost per purchase we're looking at about 4X RS but that's only on the first transaction right we know that our actual return on ad spend is way better than that you're probably looking at more like 20 xros um cuz people are going to stick around for uh a number of months uh we don't exactly know how many because Facebook as Master product is pretty new so we haven't had it live for a year or two years to see if people will stick around that long yet then we've got reach Impressions and frequency and I like to put these three together because they tell a story um of of how the ad adet or campaign um is performing so reach is simply the amount of accounts the amount of different people that your ads have been put in front of we've got 35,000 there Impressions is how many times an ad was put in front of someone so you can see how there's a difference there and then you calculate the frequency by dividing Impressions by reach and that gives a frequency of 10.43 now that means that of the people that have seen ads within this ad set um they've seen an ad just over 10 times which might seem like a really high amount but this is a retargeting campaign a retargeting ad set for one of our offers we know the people in this audience are very much engaged with my stuff they most of them will have watched uh my content for a long time so we can get away with a higher frequency in general if you're operating to cold audio is I don't like to see a frequency above 2.5 which obviously much lower than that that's to cold audiences um if you're advertising to warm audiences you can usually get away with significantly higher frequencies than that but most businesses you don't really want to go above say a six to an eight that sort of range um but there are cases like with me where we can go up to a 12 we've been up to 16 frequency before and that's absolutely fine and and as we go through this and I will talk about frequency metrics that is a secondary metric that is not one of the things we will optimize for first we will optimize for that after we factored in other metrics that we'll uh that we'll go through but it's really important to keep an ey eye on frequency because if you do see an ad perform really well and then it starts to drop off and that coincides with the frequency going up okay you've probably got ad fatigue you need to introduce new creatives and there's things you can do to go about um tackling that okay then we've got cpms that's cost per thousand Impressions now this is the metric that's typically used to describe how expensive it is to advertise so we're paying a uh CPM of £73 which is really very good part of that is because we've got engaging ad creative in there unsurprisingly we know how to do that um and also it's to my warm audience so people are interested in my stuff um most businesses nowadays particularly advertising in the countries we're advertising in UK US Etc are going to see higher cpms than that cpms is again a secondary metric and I'm get I'm going to break down these more in a minute and how we might um interpret the data and apply it to campaigns but it is not something that you want to be stressed about or optimed in for it's more a metric of how expensive is Facebook and Instagram advertising over time how is the CPM changed over time and also how expensive is my industry certain industries is going to cost way more than others if you're advertising something in the the health and fitness space it's usually going to cost a lot less in terms of CPM than if you're advertising something that's B2B for example okay but we we'll dig into that a little bit more in a bit then we've got hook rate now hook rate is a custom metrics this is one that we've actually created and when I go into I'll show you how to set up your columns in a second I'll talk about cust metrics so the hook rate if I hover over it we'll be able to see what this is It's 3 second video plays divided by um the number of Impressions and then expressed as as a percentage so basically what percentage of people that saw our ad made it past 3 seconds watch 3 seconds of the video um effectively they were hooked uh now an 8.38 across the ad set is decent in my mind anything above a 10 is is really quite good anything below a five is is quite poor so that's sort of typically what you're working with you will see massive variation and there's all sorts of um variance between Industries and things along those lines again B2B like what we're advertising 10 to be on the Lower Side other things tend to be be significantly higher I do like to have a look at video average play time uh that is not a custom metric that's one that's preset from meta and that is useful you do need to factor in the length of the video because you might think oh 2 seconds is terrible but in a lot of cases here we're advertising very short videos so it's like well actually if you think about it it's kind of Okay and like if you're having a really long video you would expect to see just longer average view time cuz some people are going to make it all the way through and that's really going to lift your average um so that's actually not such a useful metric for this campaign specifically but sometimes it is very useful for like take a look at things then we've got link clicks now it's really important that we've got link Clicks in there and you can get more specific with outbound link clicks or unique link clicks um I'm quite happy with link clicks um but what you don't want to be analyzing is clicks there's a difference between link clicks and clicks link clicks is clicks on the link that the that the ad is taking people to they they took the action that you most likely want them to take um clicks is going to include any click on the ad so if someone unmutes it if it's a video ad that's going to count as a click if someone clicks to see more button on Facebook in order to be able to see all of the primary text that's going to count as a click and these are things that you don't really want to be uh monitoring or optimizing for so we've got link clicks there to see how many people have actually clicked through to where we want to send them I always like to stick landing page views next to that to see the discrepancy rate between link clicks and landing page views um so you know we're looking at what 3,100 versus 2,300 20% maybe slightly more discrepancy between the two that's fine sometimes you'll see more than a 50% drop off between link clicks and landing page views and just explain the difference between the two link click is someone that actually clicked on a link landing pages they waited until the landing page loaded up um so if you do see a big discrepancy there there are all sorts of things you can read into that like is our landing page too slow to load are we getting a lot of accidental clicks which might be because you're running a traffic campaign and ads are showing on the Audience Network these are things that you can fix and knowing this sort of data is very useful then we've got CPC cost per click um sort of the the base metric of all digital marketing digital advertising has become far less important as the platforms have got more sophisticated but it's still a useful metric no again when you're entering in CPC make sure you get the cost per link click not the cost per click and then the same applies to click-through rate um you need to get the link click-through rate not the click-through rate because I have I get questions people all the time being like I've got a 4% click rate is that great I'm like well that's fantastic but it won't be link clicks that could include if you're running a carousel ad that could include people moving between it includes all sorts of uh various clicks uh and in general for link clickr rate anything above 1% is considered really quite good um 8.86 here is okay anything below say a 7.65 is is is normally pretty poor um so yeah so that those are the the data points that we are tracking and I'll show you how they Stack Up um in a minute the way by the way you can put together the exact same columns as I've got here and and so you have the exact same data that' be useful for you is you just come in here on columns and you can see I've got this called best column setup um which is uh what we're using as a default but there are like set what presets that you can use that met have put together performance engagement Etc I'd recommend creating your own what you do is you just come down you click on customize columns and then you can literally go through and you we've got 90 in here you can go in delete columns you can search for them uh on the left hand side you can just search at the top and and add those in or you can do this you can create a custom metric so remember how I mentioned that the hook rate was a custom metric so we're dividing 3 second video views by Impressions you can come up with all sorts of ones and get really sophisticated and there are case studies where we will do that because certain businesses need different things and we will look to implement this sort of thing so you can just go ahead and have a little play about with that but that very much is um an optional extra now in a second I'm going to show you how we use this data uh to make optimization decisions and improve results before I do that I want to quickly let you know a little bit more about Facebook ads Mastery the the example campaign that we're that we're talking about here so the Facebook ads Mastery product is my new course with community so it's brand new course material neverbe seen stuff that's not available um on YouTube or or anywhere else that me and my team have put together we're literally using it to to train on new staff we're we're very happy with the quality of the content and and think it's uh really good stuff I think you find it very valuable and the people who've been through so far have given us great feedback about it uh but it also comes with with a full community so we're using School we've got over 700 members in there already fantastic place where you could connect with like-minded Facebook advertisers Instagram advertisers business owners trying to do things me and my team are in there all the time answering questions we do live calls we do live trainings live q&as um there's all sorts of stuff so if you're interested there is a link in the description you can click on that hopefully I will see you on the inside with that said let's get back to the video okay so all the data that we've gathered here it does have its place that's why we're bothering to to track these metrics in the first place right but in the first instance so so for for the most part the two that I want you to base most of your optimization decisions around is either your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and which one you use depends on your business so if you are optimizing for purchases and you have the return on ad spend data we would be basing our decisions around return on ad spend so if we've got one ad that's producing a 4X return on ad spend and another ad that's producing a 3X return on ad spend the 4X return ad SP ad is the one that we're going to want to put more budget behind we might turn off the one that's got a 3X return on ad Bend and that is irrespective of if the 3x Rell on ad spend ad has a better click-through rate or a better cost per click like the those are secondary metrics that don't matter anywhere near as much we want to optimize for return on ad spend the most important thing or if you're not optimizing for purchases and you're optimizing for say leads or complete registration or something like that um then you want to optimize for your cost per result there you know the best cost per lead the best cost per complete registration if that's as far down the sales funnel as you can accurately track those things matter the most when it comes to comparing various elements and a huge part of optimizing Facebook ad campaigns is just literally taking a look at the various elements you've created and going this is performing better than this I'm going to turn off this and I'm going to learn from this one and I'm going to create ads or ad sets to some extent that are similar to this one to test again and see if I can beat this one and get better performance over time that's a huge part of analyzing data optimizing and it's very simple very uh very sort of top level but there does a point where you want to dig into the metrics a little bit more and take a look at the secondary metrics and the reason why is to understand why so you know I said we're going to decide between add a and add B based on return on ad spend or cost per conversion but let's say one does have a 4X return on ad spend and one has a 3X Turnal ad spend uh we want to know why this one has a 4X Turnal ad spend so that we can uh make ads that are more like it we can work out what's worked and what doesn't and use that information to improve results over time now what we look at here Will depend on the business it will depend on the typee of ads we're running so I'm going to run through some examples that I've prepared of of the sort of logic that we might use um and examples of data so that you can understand how we would improve things and things like that okay so let's start with hook rate now in this campaign we're running video ads hook rate remember is the number of the percentage of people that watched at least three seconds of the video so how well were they hooked in the first place only really applies um to video ads So within this ad set we ran ads that were videos and hook rate might be one of the things that we look at to try and work out why are some ads performing better or worse than other so let's go ahead and and click in and we can see the various six ads we can see the data on what was spent purchases generated cost for purchase all that if we scroll over uh we get to hook rate we can see some big differences so firstly with hook rate just discount these two ads here with the really low hook rates they're both carousels um so it's not going to it's not comparing apples for apples in comparison to the other three that we have data for that are all ads and we can see here that we've got quite significantly different hook rates we've got a 10.6 hook rate 13.6 and 16.2 now this is going to vary massively between businesses but I think if you've got a hook rate over 10% you're normally doing reasonably well anything below 5% is really quite poor um and then in between is is okay but again there are going to be businesses where those metrics are way way different but that's often what what I I might look to look at so what we can do now is we can take a look at these three video ads and be like well this one down here that is hooking people better in okay great so that hook works better than the hook for the other two video ads when we create new video ads let's start with the one we're using here now interestingly though when you scroll over and we look at the cost per purchase this ad is not actually performing as well when it comes to cost of purchase it's it's £28 versus 25 for this one up here and and 19 for this one here although that only generated three purchases just not much data so what that might tell us in this sort of scenario is okay this ad here is doing the best job of hooking people but this ad and this ad are doing a better job of getting people to convert so why don't we take this ad up the top the meat of the ad and pair it with the hook that we've got in this ad and then we might be able to benefit from the better performing elements in both that might be one of the things that we look at when it comes to hook through rate and that's an example of digging into the data and coming up with an actionable um Step that we could now take with a reasonable expectation of improving results we can also look at hook rate in conjunction with video average playtime now in this scenario because these are short videos this video average play time I don't think is very useful um but we might see for certain ads for example that the hook rate is nice and high like let's take this one at 16% but the video average play time would be significantly lower than the other video ads in which case that would really show us that either the hook is a little bit misleading and not connected enough to the rest of the ads or that the meat of this ad so after the hook the main the main content of the ad um is not as engaging it's not keeping as people there for longer so this is where when we dig into the into the secondary metrics we can start to pair them and start to put together a a picture and an understanding of what's going on here and combining both hook rate and with the end result and then hook rate with video average play time can help do that these are really short videos so the video average play time is all really low um and that's fine but in some scenarios you will get more uh interesting and more revealing data in these two columns if we running video ads we will also take a look at hook rate and combine that with the clicky rate link clicks remember okay so if we scroll over to our CTR and we see that certain ads have a better a really good hook rate but say a lower CTR so let's say they' got a hook rate of over 10% but a CTR of lower than 0.5% which is really quite a low CTR um for link clicks then that might tell us that the ad is engaging it's grabbing people at the beginning but people aren't convinced enough to go ahead and click once they've watched the video ad so there might be two fixes for that either you just need to improve your Auer like the ad got their attention they were interested it was engaging but they got the offer they understood what it was and they were like I'm not really interested in this that could be a possibility or it could be that there's just not enough proof that you can deliver on what your promise is so if we ran an ad for our Facebook advertising services for example and we put something really engaging in the front and got a really good um hook rate but we weren't getting a lot of clicks it might be like okay we're putting this in front of say cold audiences they don't believe that we can deliver the results that we're talking about therefore we need to show more proof in our case we need to show more testimonials screenshots of client accounts things like that so that might be another way to fix it so you can diagnose okay we've got people to this stage but if they're just not clicking through they're not they're either not interested enough in the offer or they don't believe we can deliver on the promise well enough so that's what we then need to address in the next video ads that we create try and put in more proof or try and improve the offer so we can increase that click-through rate that might be something that we look to to diagnose in this scenario we've got decent click-through rates um on all three of these video ads it's not as um revealing in fact the click-through rates correlate somewhat with the hook rate so that doesn't really indicate that this is a problem in this scenario but I'm just trying to run you through example scenarios of what might happen there and when we might make that change so leaving hook rate behind um another metric that we might look at in conjunction with how everything's performing would be clickthrough rate so if we take a look at our clickr rate and we see it's good anything above 1% is decent if you're getting over say 2% you're doing really well remember this is link clicks not um all clicks uh because of very different things so let's say we're getting a good clickthrough rate a 1.5 click-through rate or something for something really solid um but we're not people aren't actually converting so let's say we're advertising an e-commerce uh business we're advertising products directly and we're getting a conversion rate from people who have clicked to be able to convert that's like .7% anything under 2% would normally be considered on the core aside for uh for an e-commerce business although again that can vary massively um then that tells us that the landing page isn't doing the job then it's not an ads issue at all the ad if it's a video ad it got them to engage it got them to click if it's an image ad it got them to click through um and they're just getting to the landing page and they're not taking the next step could be because the landing page isn't congruent enough could be because on the landing page there's like a shipping fee that people didn't expect it could be because there's not enough proof not enough testimonials and reviews and things like that of of the product service to get them to take the next step but it helps us diagnose okay this is the issue good click-through rate but bad overall results there's a good chance that um that's because the landing page isn't doing its part of the job and isn't doing as well as it could be now of course you have to run these things through a common sense filter because you could have an ad that is like engagement bait almost um designed to get people to interact with it gets lots of clicks but you're not really promoting the product or service in its entirety or properly in the ad and therefore doesn't convert that's not really the landing page is because there's not enough congruity between the ad and the landing page in that sort of scenario so you do need to run all these things through a common sense filter um but hopefully that's a good framework of a few examples there of like okay if this happens might be because of this if this doesn't happen it might be because of this and you can go about optimizing and working on the things that are the constraint of your sales funnel improving those and hopefully getting better results and I just want to reiterate that you don't want to optimize in the first instance for metrics like cpms uh cpcs even hook rate uh clickthrough rates things like that in the first instance you want to be optimizing based on your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and that's because some of the times these metrics they won't correlate so you might have row ass numbers that like we showed an example here with the hook rate being 16% for one ad versus 10% for another ad but the 16% hook rate ad is producing a more expensive cost per purchase than the um 10% uh hook hook rate ad so sometimes they won't correlate and there are all sorts of reasons for that so let's take C cpms for example so that's cost per thousand Impressions some advertisers will optimize for the lowest cpms thinking cheaper Facebook ads it's like right but your cpms are going to be more expensive if your ads are being put in front of higher quality audiences because other advertisers want to reach them that's why they're more expensive to advertise to Facebook ads operates with an auction system the more uh demand there is for certain individuals to have ads put in front of them the more you are going to pay to reach them and guess what high net worth individuals business owners a lot of people that you want to be advertising to they're going to cost more to advertise to so you might see a high CPM but you might convert a lot better because these people are a better quality audience uh likewise with click-through rates an image ad will very often get a better click-through rate than a video ad because it's so easy and quick and simple to consume and particularly if there's any curiosity around it people to click through but maybe they don't convert as well once they get to the landing page because there's there wasn't the video ad there to help them convert to help convince them to buy the product or service whereas with the video ad less people go through it so less people click but you've laid a lot of the groundwork and the foundations to help get people to the point where they're going to be um ready to convert so don't optimize for those use those to understand what's going on and then inform your future ad creation is there a discrepency between link clicks and landing page views yes big one okay have we got an issue with campaign setup I we using traffic campaigns and our ads are being shown on the Audience Network or um is there an issue with the landing page load speed okay are hook rates really good average play time is rubbish right so that Hook's good but we need to fix the rest of the video out average play time is good hook rate's good but CTR is low okay people don't like the offer or there's not enough proof so you can go through these things and based on what you see you pair these secondary metrics you get a picture and that can help um inform and I know that's all a little bit bitty and can be a bit confusing but hopefully you've uh grabbed some some helpful things there right one other thing I want to go through um as part of analysis I think it's really really useful is looking at the chart data Cu uh Matt has done a really good job I think of giving us more information that's going to help us improve our results so if we click alongside this uh this ad up here the one that's had most of the spending got most of the conversions and then once we've uh selected it we can go ahead and click on view charts right so we can see basic data like you know 60 website purchases £25 each ,00 spent on it so you can see it's relatively short time frame this has run for um and then we can go down and see some really interesting demographic data so you can see that advertising this Facebook ads Mastery offer um it is 83% mail which is really quite High um and the cost per result was better um advertising to men now I wouldn't necessarily use this data and then go and change our targeting settings but what I might do is change the messaging on future ads so 83% is probably not quite enough for us to be like specifically speaking to men in our ad copy but if that was 93% I'd be like we probably want to directly make it very clear and I'm sure you've seen ads that directly speak to him directly speak to men directly speak to all different groups of people um in their copy because that could help improve our performance with that group yes it will put off a a different subsection of people but if we're already getting the vast majority of results from one subsection you know this could be gender it could be age it could be all sorts of things right um then you might want to go ahead and uh and make that change platform data is also really interesting you can take a look at you know reach is slightly higher on Instagram versus Facebook but you can see that 36 results generated from Facebook purchases 24 from Instagram with a similar amount spent so shows that Facebook is significantly better performer for uh this offer I was say for my business but that's not necessarily true across the board uh for this offer specifically SC down we can see all the ad previews and stuff um see this is a Facebook ads Mastery ad and then we get down to this and I think this for video ads is absolutely fantastic so this shows the drop off as people are going through um the video ad what they're seeing and you can see it in time with with what's going on like how many people made it through to 75% how many people made it through to various percentages but I actually think the line is the most useful and what you'll see here I think is really valuable is where do you get more of a drop off than you might expect and where do you get less of a drop off than you might expect so this is kind of smaller Hopey we can see it zoomed in so between 13 seconds and 14 seconds if it moves over you can see if I move my cursor right the way there's there's a bit more of a dip just down there the same happens between where are we uh same happens between 10 seconds and 11 seconds there's like just this little bit more of a dip than if that curve was was going along so that shows me that whatever we're doing in that second specifically not so great maybe we don't do that next time cuz people aren't as interested okay whereas there are other parts that are completely flat so if you look between 8 seconds and 10 seconds that's basically completely flat you can see 6% of people are making it between those time frames so whatever we've got there is great people are really liking that they're sticking around and then there be other flat section I mean this section even goes up right so we've got here between 14 seconds we've got 4% and 15 seconds it actually goes up to 5% now that may not be correct that might be because this is as you can see at the bottom still in development it might be not right but that might show that okay that part's really like absolutely that part is great um that's holding people so you can really get into the data here and you can see like you know there's obviously always going to be a big drop off at the beginning but if you go through an analyze the various sections particularly obviously with video ads you can see okay do less of the stuff that gets people to stop watching more of the stuff that holds people's retention and that's going to increase your average play time and most likely uh improve your results cuz if more people watch the video more people make it to the end more people click on the link more people go ahead and purchase become a lead Etc so spend a little bit of time in this not just looking at the demographic platform data but also if you've got a video ad really digging into um this information here I think it's it's really valuable so hopefully that is helpful when it comes to analyzing your Facebook ads and improving your results if it is please go ahead and subscribe just takes half a second and I will see you on another video very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [7 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @nehapriya9576: Most valuable and simplified version of explanation. Was very insightful and most importantly easy to understand
  3. @cakepancaking: So, I have a paused campaign with ad sets from earlier. I am now capable of running ads again. Should I create a whole new campaign and ad sets or turn on the previous campaign and add my new ads to it?
  4. @JacqueTrahan: I found the video, from my comment on your other video lol. your videos A+, but facebook ads UI/set up F
  5. @sheikhmudassir7193: What is the formula for Hook Rate?
  6. @bdc-muzik: Those bugs are maddening
  7. @JeffreyColemanMc-x3w: 👍
  8. @verdeath2657: thanks!
  9. @Alim.alHakim: Help me understand, I have a 16% unique link click-through ratio, am I tripping or....
  10. @yarahikal4249: This was really helpful. Thank you!
  11. @rorisangkhadienyane6095: This is an amazing video. I'm a beginner but I have learned so much. Advice, as a beginner, watch Meta Ads beginner video (" How to create Mets Ads") first before coming here for better contect and understanding metrics better.
  12. @gavinwiener: 14:15 

So would it be correct in saying...if we're driving them to a call or webinar (where the sale happens on the backend), we're going to optimise for cost per result (which would be an opt-in, call booked, or registration for example)

(We just might have to push that data back using Meta CAPI)

But then again, couldn't you push back a "Purchase" event as well and optimise for Return on Ad Spend still?
  13. @JamTradings: Not sure if you'll see this but I've been enjoying your content and I just wanted to run this past you if possible please.

I have a product that makes around £5 if one of them sells. The sale price is £12.50 (plus £2.15 of free P&P if total order £20+) I had another meta ads youtuber (who I'm not going to name) tell me these are bad numbers and impossible to scale. Most I've had so far is 4 sales of a £30 ad spend and my account is still fairly new as am I to meta ads in general. My BEROAS is about 3.05 which I definitely wouldn't have said is bad but hearing that it is has kinda took the wind out of my sales. I've sold over 1000 of these on eBay and I felt like they would be a good product to kickstart my store. Not only that but a lot of my products sit around this profit so if they really are crappy numbers then it's not looking good for me lol any type of feedback is greatly appreciated
  14. @wisdomezeoguchannel: Thank you so much Ben. I’m subscribed already.

Your videos are void of ambiguity, truth-centered and easy to follow. Thank you once more.
  15. @duddukurikishore1305: Who are going to watch this video, I say one thing to you, 100 % it's a worth video to watch.
  16. @THEHVACSQUAD: any advice for HVAC business owners on how to advertise?
  17. @smiless101: Iam running fb ads and having 1.5%ctr with high link clicks but the conversion is zero why ?? Note : customer goes to whatsup business after clicking ads and that's my intention but no one messaging me why ?! I need help here urgently 😢
  18. @haleymcdonald197: Hi! I don’t see hook rate as an option. Also, it is normal to have very high CPMs when you first start off with a new ad account?
  19. @snigddhaphalke9856: THE video i was looking for! I am so glad i found this! I have struggling with analysis since some time now. Thanks a lot for this video Ben! 

I would really love to see a video like this on google search ads campaign performance analysis!
  20. @jamesh7395: Awesome, value content - thank you.

- How to Analyze Facebook Ads Data the Right Way (The 2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en analyzing meta ads data is well complicated in fact in 2025 many advertisers are still focusing on the wrong metrics like clickthrough rate CPM or CPC so in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to analyze Facebook ads data the right way from the beginner to expert level this way you can scale smarter and not waste your money so if you ever felt like you were missing something critical when analyzing your ad campaigns this video is for you here's our agenda here's everything that we're going to go through today first my 2025 updated column setup in ads manager and then we're going to go over the tools I use to make data different decisions like motion and triple wh then we're going to explore some Advanced Data this is actually the data that I find nearly all advertisers even experts tend to miss out on one last thing I also have a free creative reporting checklist that you guys can download in the link in the description bar below but more on that in a bit so these right here are all of the metrics that I'm going to be tracking inside of ads manager and here's exactly what it looks like so first you're going to see we have the delivery column set up this campaign ran a few months ago so the campaign is off and we also have the bid strategy and attribution setting right here now if you guys have any questions about the different types of bidding strategies or even the different types of attribution settings please let me know in the comments I'm more than happy to jam on that there or even make future videos about it but if you're just starting off I would highly suggest for your bidding strategy to do highest volume and for your attribution setting to have 7day click and one day VI and essentially what bid strategy means is this algorithm is going to go after the highest volume of conversions there's going to be a few different ones but that's definitely the one that you're going to want to start off with if you are just beginning an attribution setting is essentially saying hey if someone clicks on your ad within a 7-Day period or views it within 24 hours one day then that means that that specific ad or Campaign Will then have that purchase attributed to that specific ad now once we scroll over here we can see budget this is an ASC Campaign which is why we have adset and this is a $700 daily budget now if you're just starting off you're not going to have budgets that high of course um I would suggest starting off with at least $100 especially if you're doing an ASC campaign but now let's get to the data let's get to the good stuff now you can see here we have amount spent purchases cost per purchase and Ras now these four metrics are essentially going to show you if your campaign is working and specifically what is working everything else is going to tell you why now when I'm looking at data and ads manager I actually like to sort from highest to lowest so that I can prioritize what's working the best or at least what's getting the most most amount of spend because if something isn't working but it's getting a ton of spend that's obviously something I'm going to want to optimize and turn off next we're going to have purchases now your purchases or your cost per purchase could also be substituted for lead or cost per lead but since most of my brands are in Ecommerce and they're going after purchases that's why I have that as the primary kpi and your cost per purchase is essentially going to be how much does it cost to acquire a customer on that ad your rowad self-explanatory is your return on ad spend so for every $1 that you put into this campaign or to this ad how many dollars are you then getting back from those customers now again these four metrics are going to be your primary kpis they're going to guide everything now the next five metrics are actually going to tell you about the people you are reaching so we have frequency this specific metric is going to show you how many times on average people are seeing your ads now this was looking at the data over a one- Monon period and we were actually reaching quite a few new people with this specific campaign I actually tend to get a little worried if I see frequency numbers above five across the last s days or the last few weeks cuz this might tell me that we are starting to hit a lot of retargeting audiences so if you see those higher frequencies it might be a sign Des that your creatives are targeting the same people over and over again or your campaign is now your reach is going to show you that individual people that saw your ad whereas The Impressions is actually going to show the number of times that your ads were shown sometimes to the same people which is why I really like looking at the frequency number two because I always want to make sure that my ads are reaching new people and not just hitting the same people over and over again and then we have of course cost per reach and CPM now I'd say that CPM is probably going to be a lot more important than cost per reach but CPM is actually the number that I find a lot more advertisers talk about and this is essentially the cost per 1,000 Impressions now I know that you're probably looking at this CPM number and you're like oh mine are you know maybe a lot higher maybe a lot lower what is the average CPM and the truth is is that your CPM is highly dependent on your industry right and sometimes even specifically your product if you're curious about benchmarking data and where you should be falling for your specific product or demographic or location varos is the tool that I use to make sure that my brands are within the Benchmark essentially and then the next six metrics that I really like looking at here are your unique outbound click-through rate now this is essentially just a click-through rate but I like looking at unique outbound because this is the one that actually looks at how many individual users are clicking through in actually going through to your landing page if you look at just the average click-through metric you are actually looking at people who click on your ad go nowhere click on your ad and end up going to the profile or click on your ad and don't actually make it to the landing page this is the purest click-through rate which is why I really like to follow this one and again if you're looking for that type of benchmarking data to know what is a good click-through rate that's something that varos can really help out with and then I have CPC now there isn't a CPC for Unique outbound click through rate essentially so I look at the next best one which is cost per link click which is just essentially going to tell me hey for someone to click on the link that goes to the landing page what's the average cost of getting someone to click on that link then after that we're going to have the hook rate now this is actually something that is not already inside of ads manager you actually have to add this as a custom metric I am going to show you the exact formula for that later on in this video but essentially What The Hook rate shows us is hey when looking at video creative only what percentage of people actually watched the first three seconds of that video now this can really help show if you are targeting the right people by using the right type of messaging and creative and visuals inside of the first 3 seconds of your video ads so we can see here that we actually have a few differences right and of course we don't have data for this top one because that was actually an image ad there is no equivalent unfortunately for a hook rate or a hold rate for image ads the only thing that we have really is click-through rate and your click-through rate isn't always going to be an amazing indicator of great performing creative because now that the targeting on meta ads is primarily Broad sometimes you were going to see lower clickthrough rates because we were just hitting a much broader audience instead of the more concentrated audiences where we would see those more inflated clickthrough rates so your whole rate is similar to your hook rate and it's going to tell you one of two things it's either going to tell you the percentage of people who watch the first 15 seconds of your ad or if your ad is under 15 seconds long it's going to show you what percentage of people actually just watched the entire thing now I like being able to look at hold rate and then also cross analyzing that with the video average play time because often times that I will find that if we just look at one or the other if you have really long video ad creatives like you have you know maybe ones that are a minute or a minute and a half versus ones that are 30 seconds sometimes your average video play time will look a lot longer I find that it's a much purer metric because we're really able to zero in in on ad creative that retained people past 3 seconds instead of just looking at that average video play time which again can be conflated now the last metric that I really like to look at is post shares which just essentially says hey how many times was this ad shared organically now the reason why I like to track this is because on the organic social media side meta has actually said multiple times that the number one metric that they have for success is sharable content so how many people are sharing that piece of content to stories or even sharing that in the DMS so that's something I also really like to track on the ad buying side and that's my dashboard setup I really like to keep this as simple as possible I really just want to look at the metrics that are most important to number one being able to determine what is working and two why potentially it is working but more on that in a bit so I'm going to be honest I actually do a lot of my analysis inside of motion MO is the creative strategy tool it's what I use to analyze all of my creatives and honestly build reporting that helps me get my Brands to the next level in fact there's a brand that I work with that spends millions of dollars per month on meta ads and we have several creative team members and departments and so many moving pieces and motion has really been imperative to our success and sharing data that actually moves the needle for instance every single week I look at this report that shows me the top top performing creatives for the week automatically this is something that I also share with the broader team now I am going to spend the next few sections of this video inside of ads manager but if you want to take a look at the advanced reports that I'm using inside of motion be sure to skip to this part of the video it's really advanced stuff and worth even beginners looking at okay let's get into it how to analyze data inside of ads manager now step number one is actually a mind shift change that I need everyone to get on the same page for so a mistake I often see is that people try to optimize and analyze at the same time but really the analysis needs to be done first before you start tweaking things so take a deep breath and focus on one thing at a time and I'm going to simplify this especially for the beginners when you are looking at all of this data inside of your ads manager you are actually only trying to answer two questions number one what is working what is working inside of your ad account what creatives are working what campaigns are working what's working and number two a little bit more complicated but why is it working these two questions and the answer for these two questions will ultimately guide every single thing that you do inside of ads manager and that brings us to step number two which is going to be analyzing your primary metrics versus your storytelling metrics so all of your metrics are going to fall into one of these two categories now your primary metrics are are going to tell you what is working and these are the only metrics that you should be using to optimize your account so these primary metrics are going to be things like your amount spend your purchases your cost per purchase and even your Ras and if you're doing lead generation of course then you are going to swap those results around for cost per lead or number of leads now these are the only things that you should be using to optimize your account so if you see oh this cost per purchase and these number of purchases are profitable for me I should increase the budget not looking at your secondary metrics now your secondary metrics are going to help illuminate potentially why something is working right so this is going to be your frequency your CPM so all of these metrics potentially could illuminate why potentially an ad creative is working or not working if you have a high CPM potentially that's saying hey this creative is costing too much to deliver which is why ultimately we're not able to get the type of costs that we want right maybe you're saying that your click-through rate is too low and your CPC is too high so people aren't ultimately clicking on that ad to go through to the landing page now what I will say is very often the most important storytelling metrics often comes down to video creative because we have a lot more data when looking at video creative right we're able to see hey how good did this creative do at actually hooking our audience or how good did this video do at maintaining and retaining that viewership and also ultimately on average how long was someone viewing that data so what I will say is video hook and video hold aren't automatically inside of ads manager this is a custom metric that you have to add in but I do have the formula right here for you so that you can add those in and again the the thing that's you know sort of frustrating is this is only going to be available for your video creatives not necessarily your images but I do have more data that we can look at later on in this video that are going to help illuminate a lot more as to why certain creatives worked or didn't work but again this isn't necessarily data that you're going to get inside of ader but more on that in a bit so let's put all this data into action right and analyze a campaign that I worked on a few months ago okay this is an ASC campaign that we ran a number of months ago and I do want to point out actually I've seen a lot more success with ASC campaigns in the recent months if you have a lot more ad creative inside of them I've actually heard that the minimum number you should have in an ASC campaign for Optimal Performance is 20 so something to consider there now when I'm going into ads manager and I'm going to start analyzing things the first thing I like to do is actually sort highest to least amount spent so that I can really prioritize what is getting the most amount of spent and for this specific ad campaign we can actually see wow there is something that is very very clearly winning but let's take a step back for a second right let's first look at this ad campaign as a whole and this is something that you can do as well looking for the account level right so we can see that the amount spent was about 11k 525 website purchases 21.9 cost per purchase so that's how much it was costing for us to acquire a customer and 525 purchases overall with a average row as of a 2.77 and for this specific brand just looking at these internal ads manager metrics this was actually doing really really well for us so just looking at those metrics alone I would say hey this definitely qualifies for us to increase spend on this you know if we have already been increasing this steadily over the last 2 to three days by 20% maybe we can try increasing it even a little bit more but overall this campaign is working out pretty fabulously but most of it is being attributed to one ad right so we want to zero in on this specific ad and really get to the heart of why this is working right so we can see that this has spent well and llarge the bulk of the spend right so that's going to be about 75% we have a really strong cost per purchase of about $21.50 and the purchase throw as is also within our Striking Distance we really want to see and scale anything above a two when looking at internal metrics now let's try and understand the story of potentially why this is working right we see the outbound clickthrough weight which honestly is pretty average for the account so there's not something super spectacular with the specific clickthrough rate sometimes I will see oh a specific ad creative is working really well because it has a high click-through rate but to be honest click-through rate isn't always a reliable metric to gauge performance on because a lot of times the audiences that your campaign or even just specific ad is targeting can be really broad so sometimes a low clickthrough rate is actually not a bad indicator of it being successful or not successful it could actually just be speaking directly to the right people and getting them to act instead of everyone else to act right and yeah when we're looking at the specific campaign this specific ad creative has definitely inflated the average but actually what we had saw in the ad account previously was the average hook rate was around 30% and the average hold rate was anywhere from 7 to 8 so this was almost double that which is an indicator of a really really strong creative now the real heart of why a specific ad creative performed or didn't perform that type of insight generally isn't in the data itself it's going to be in the ad creative right it's going to be in the messaging in the type of visuals and even the format that you're using now a question that I often get with people who are new to meta ads is they will look at ad creatives like these three right here that have better cost per purchases and even higher row ases and they'll ask me Dar why isn't meta putting more spend to these more profitable ads now this is actually something that meta has written about multiple times in the past called the breakdown effect now essentially what this means is that meta has determined through its algorithm that if it would push more spend to these specific ads that it actually wouldn't be as profitable sometimes media buyers trust this sometimes they don't to be honest I've tested it multiple times for myself in the past by trying to throttle more spend to these ad creatives and typically they don't perform as well for whatever reason meta has really determined that the actual winner for this specific campaign is this one so really it's going to be better for you to analyze what is happening at the ad creative level versus what is happening at these and what I will say what was interesting about our top performer is it was a pure educational play and it was actually just giving information about the specific product now my guidance for you is to not dwell a ton on what's working and why isn't it working I would actually suggest hey focus more on trends that you're noticing in your ad account specific m messaging and visuals and even ad formats that really seem to be moving the needle for you and figure that out and double down and pressure test those theories on things that seem to be working you don't need to know exactly why every single ad creative didn't work especially in the early days next up let's talk about using first party data right so your triple wh your North beams and Beyond so a question that I very often get is okay do I need triple wh do I need northbeam in order to advertise on meta ads and the simple answer is no but there are times that it's really worth it in fact a brand that I work with does use triple will to help optimize their campaigns I'm going to explain how they do that in a bit so ultimately my take on this is first party data tools like triple whale and northbeam are really only good for Brands who are starting to scale up quite a bit but to be honest many Brands don't need them at all and if you're just starting off then I absolutely would not recommend it ads manager is going to be sufficient enough for you the question you ultimately have to ask yourself is is attribution actually an issue for you or are you just primarily using meta ads to drive customer acquisition if that's the case then you don't need these tools I don't find that triple whale magically unlocks insights on a creative level unless a brand truly has multiple attribution channels that they're using and by multiple attribution channels I mean like are they investing into TV are they inves ing into podcast or influencer or even Google and I will say yeah with a brand that I work with we do use triple will because we have those multiple channels that we are investing into again though many Brands don't need it as manager alone is often enough to make solid optimization decisions and first- party tools are really only the most valuable when you're managing larger budgets and need Precision across multiple data sources so if you're feeling overwhelmed by the data my advice is to first Master ads manager and then you can begin to layer in tools like triple whale or northbeam when you start to scale up your budgets especially if you are starting to invest in additional channels okay now let's talk about how I am using motion for those bigger creative swings again motion isn't just a creative Analytics tool it's a tool for overall creative strategy it quickly helps me identify what works to spot patterns and iterate effectively and honestly just gives me the confidence that I need to take much bigger Crea swings that ultimately scale so here are a few of my favorite reports like we talked about the top performing creatives report I like to look at this on a weekly level but I'm also looking at it monthly to do those creative Retros with the brands that I work with also if I'm doing individual creative tests for Brands I like to create a motion report just for those individually so I can really zoom in and analyze what's working or not working about a specific creative test I also like to conduct a format analysis where I am looking to see at a high level hey what type of creative diversity does this account have and do we need to potentially invest into more images or more video or even carousels or catalog ads and then of course I like to dive into a more secondary format analysis so sometimes this can be Statics right we want to see what types of creative strategies are really working for Statics specifically if it's more testimonials or US versus them or even before and after or celebrity or Creator Statics same for videos we really want to zoom in and understand hey what types of video ads creative templates or formats are working so that we can easily recreate those especially when we're doing a new product launch or we're trying to make iterations another analysis that I really like to do is looking at agency partners so I work with a really big brand where we are actually managing multiple agency partners so we like to compare across agencies which agencies are actually moving the needle for us and sometimes we'll invest more in the agencies that are doing better for us increase scope increase retainers or even decide hey we want to move on from a certain partner and start investing in someone new we also like to take a look at what types of creators are working the best for us sometimes with certain brands I'll look at you know the celebrity programs and just see what types of celebrities we should reinvest in again or certain influencers or even down to ugc creators this type of comparison analysis is incredibly helpful so that we can look and see hm who should we invest in again or who should we find that is similar to the types of creators that are working for us of course you can make these types of reports inside of ads manager but I find that it is so much easier not only on myself to make these reports automatically in motion but also to share across teams that maybe are a little bit intimidated by ads manager okay now let's dive into some Advanced analytics and what we're actually going to zoom in on is specifically how I am analyzing creative for bigger impact in what I've noticed is that most people actually analyze their creatives the wrong way here's an example of how people will often analyze a creative test for me right so we'll look at something like this and say okay you know what version B was the winner it had a 1.2 row as with a 1.64 clickthrough rate the hook rate was about average at 21% hold rate also was average at a 7.8 so we're ultimately going to do a few more variants of B since that was the winner and they will stop there if you've made an analysis of this I hate to inm you that this is not a real analysis in fact we're missing a lot of data points here that actually make this helpful things like qualitive data and additional data points that are inside and also not inside of ads manager I'm going to break all of those down for you right now now let's zoom in on some of the qualitive data right this is actually going to be some of the qualities about your ad creative that can help provide further analysis so this can be things like formats so for this specific creative right this was a ugc Creator testimonial ad um and there was none of that in the analysis but maybe when we look at other top performers or what else is performing in the ad account maybe that is similar or dissimilar maybe it's an outlier that kind of information is really important to know and to share another piece of data here is the creator so we can think hm is part of the reason why this creative performed down to the Creator in this case yes this was something that we actually saw when working with this Creator multiple times this was absolutely something that impacted the performance so we ended up reinvesting in working with her and again and that's definitely something that you should bring up as a part of your analysis we're also missing an analysis on the messaging which we're going to do in just a second and then of course on the imagery so the imagery and the format are a little bit different um sometimes when I think of the imagery I like to think of the overall production quality um I like to think about also the setting so oh and the specific ad creative she's in her car maybe that's something that's potentially affecting performance we actually have seen that for several brands that I've worked with that being in a different location instead of just inside of your house can actually have a big impact on performance and that's worth noting especially if you have a winning creative now let's talk about this messaging analysis right now when we looked at the other three creatives that were being tested we noticed that oh creative a had more value based messaging right we also had a bit of a competitor comparison going on and it was super numerical super numbers heavy while B ultimately the winner leaned into a bit of negative marketing also was using a really strong trigger word here hate I find that that that word is something that actually tends to um reach out and hook people really well and it was also a question so it feels like you're talking directly to the audience and C was actually using messaging around it being fast and being easy and it was also a lot more problem solution oriented and now it's really interesting too as we're doing this messaging analysis something that I like to think about is huh at what part of the marketing Journey potentially is this ultimately targeting and a part of the analysis we did on this creative after we ran it was oh actually messaging B had the most scalable messaging because it was able to appeal to the widest range of people to more of that problem aware SL unaware segment so you know we did see initially actually a was the one that came out of the gate and was starting to convert a lot more quickly because it was getting more of that low hanging fruit right it was easier to convert down in the funnel But ultimately the one that ended up running and winning for us the longest was the one that had that more scalable messaging so this is advanced stuff right but it is important when you're doing that analysis to understand hm potentially why is this is converting better for my audience is it because it's more scalable potentially additional data you can find inside of ads manager that I find as helpful for analyzing creatives is going to be your breakdown data so this is going to be things like your age your placements and even your gender being able to look at specific creative tests and say ooh was this pulling into a certain age demographic how is that potentially impacting the overall performance maybe if we see oh we find that as specific creative is actually targeting more of the 50 plus range and that's working a lot better for us that might be a sign that we want to develop more creative for that audience or speak more directly to that audience an interesting thing to see too about placements is oh is Instagram or Facebook working better for my brand is the feed or even stories or reals what's really moving the needle here is that because of how we're actually formatting the specific creatives there's a lot to potentially pull apart there and then finally comparative data now I think that no analysis is really complete candidly without comparing it to other data points that you have now some of this can be your own data points like your own top performers or your own current tests that are currently going on I often find that when you are analyzing creative being able to compare it to your own performance can be really helpful in Illuminating where it's falling inside of your general ecosystem but another comparative data set that you can have too potentially is your competitor data so what you can actually look at is see hey what types of AD creative is my competitors running is it similar to what we are running are they seeming to be learning similar things using similar formats similar messaging strategies and also look through the lens at their messaging and seeing how scalable potentially their messaging is and if they seem to be repeating anything month over month now I know a lot of that is super complicated that's why it's more of the advanced stuff right I do have a slide here for how this tends to look if I am going super in depth on a specific creative test and how everything is lied out now again I know that this is a lot of work and this isn't something that I suggest for every single task but if you're doing a really big swing or you find that you have a unicorn Banger of ad that is scaling to the Moon you might want to do an in-depth analysis like this so that you can really pull apart the things that are actually working here and can actually help you to get to the next level and make another winning ad and that's it don't forget I also have that creative reporting checklist for you guys if you learned anything at all in this video please be sure to give me a like And subscribe because those small things really do help me out so much as a Creator and I can't wait to see you guys again next week see you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [9 likes]: I'm curious about this: How many of you currently use Motion for your creative analytics?
  2. @shadowxd2380: Hey dara Thanks for all the valuable information :)

I wanted to ask why don't you put the ATC and Initiate Checkout Metrics also on the ads manager? - I always thought that there is a correlation between atc and conversions...

Thanks a lot :)
  3. @jellymushroom: Really helpful insights. We've been using Cropink to improve our catalog creatives, and pairing that with regular performance analysis has made it much easier to optimize campaigns without adding extra manual work.
  4. @NiharikaSikka-c5b: Wow this was really helpful, thx
  5. @thatgirlwhocamps: Are you able to do an updated video with a B2B perspective? Love your content! Thanks
  6. @orzewski: Thanks! Those two custom video metrics are godsend!
  7. @jhoncandia: thnks for sharing.
  8. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  9. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  10. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  11. @TheAireaidLord: i absolutely fucking hate Meta's UI. its so confusing
  12. @sweetsiesher2509: What are bidding strategies and attribution settings
  13. @karimewad5273: I'd love to understand attribution setting from you
  14. @sairamcharansudagoni: Why do brands have multiple agencies and how does the pixel tracking for it?
  15. @King_Of_Prosperity: nice
  16. @makrammaddah: Dara, as a Junior Creative Strategist who is looking to grow my experience asap, your channel has never failed to fill a gap in my skills.

God bless you and this channel.
  17. @joy_jm6: Can you please do more videos like this
  18. @ahmedbedwu6866: Well done, you did a great job
  19. @growwithgodbless: Well done, you did a great job
  20. @cristian.daczo1: wow this was really helpful, learned so much. Keep it up!

- Meta Ads Fatigue: Is Your Creative Killing Your Results?: Kind: captions Language: en Meta thinks your ads suck. Just kidding. They just need refreshed. In this video, I'm going to talk about creative fatigue briefly. What it is, what metrics to look out for, and how to remedy. Okay. In meta, I want you to keep an eye on the delivery column for your ad set or your ads because that is what will show you whether your creative is fatigued or not. Meta will let you know. So, there's two types of creative fatigue or indications that your creative needs refreshed. Number one being the creative limited delivery. So CPA your cost per result in meta is greater than your previous ads historically in the account but is less than two times as much. So less than two times the CPA. Meta will give you this creative limited notification. Okay. So creative limited is a bit of an early indication that your cost per result is starting to go up and that you need to swap your creative. But creative fatigued the other notification in the delivery column is when your cost per result, so your cost per acquisition is greater than your previous ads and is also greater than two times as much. So creative limited less than two times as much that CPA of previous ads. Creative fatigued over two times as much. So really need to swap these out. So, whenever you see that creative limited, that's the time when it's like, okay, we need to start iterating and making some new creatives and get them into the account before the creative fatigue actually sets in. All right, we want you to get on top of creative fatigue with your ad account. So, the best way to stay ahead of this is start swapping in creatives before they're actually listed as fatigued or limited. And some metrics that we can look out for, number one, the trend in your cost per result. So, your cost per acquisition for particular ads and keeping an eye on how that's trending over the last several weeks. That's number one. Number two would be paying attention to what's called frequency. Now, frequency is the amount of times that a person on average saw your ad within a given period of time. So if you look at a let's say a 7-day look back window and your frequency let's say is a three and it's an average so it could be like 3.2 3.3 but let's say that it's a three. If your frequency is a three over the last seven days that means the average person who saw your ad has seen it three times in the last seven days. Now, the higher that frequency, the more likely there is to be fatigue because if someone is seeing the same creative over and over and over again, people are going to get sick of it, sick of seeing the same ad, and the metrics are likely to drop. Now, that's not always the case. Some ads just crush it and continue to crush it even if people see it multiple times. But that's just a general metric to look out for. And last, and I just said it, is conversion rate. keeping an eye on the trend in conversion rate for particular ads over whatever period of time you're looking at. Maybe you're comparing the last 14 days to the period before that. Obviously factoring in things like changes in the offer on the landing page, seasonality, etc. These are the things that I would pay attention to to anticipate creative fatigue. And these are the two ways to remedy that creative fatigue status in the delivery column for your ads or your adsets. Number one, and seems to be the most obvious, is swap out the creative. Bring in something new. Refresh the content. If it was a top performing creative before it started to get fatigued, find elements of it that you can add and iterate on to create a new ad that maybe has a better hook if the other one did not have as good of a hook or a better message or a better offer, a better call to action in the video or in the text, whatever. And actually something else on swapping out the creative. So Meta actually has a help article and in the help article about how to address creative fatigue, they actually recommend keeping the existing ad live and not necessarily swapping it out. I don't really agree with this approach because what I've seen in accounts is that Meta will continue to allocate the majority of the spend to the ad that has the most engagement. So if it's an ad that's been live for a long time, it has likes, it has comments, it has shares. So, if you add a new creative in, it's still likely that Meta is going to allocate the majority of your budget to the old one that is fatigued, that isn't performing as well because it already has that existing engagement. And that's kind of a signal for Meta, at least in my experience. Number two, expand the audience. Go more broad. That means you can reach more people. And when you reach more people, frequency is going to be lower. It's less likely that the same people are going to continue to see that over and over again. you're not going to get that creative limited or creative fatigue status as quickly. Hope this helps you iterate, make better ads, swap them out. Don't want the audience to be fatigued.

  Top Comments:
  1. @timxu666: Would you do one video for accounting service  ad tutorial ？ my clients are all in local city

- Stop WASTING Your Meta Ad Budget on This Common 'Learning Phase' Mistake: Kind: captions Language: en I just ordered a Facebook ads account for a kids brand that was spending roughly $30,000 per month and their account structure was losing them a lot of money here's [Music] why my name's Luke Smith in this episode of ads spend secrets I'm going to discuss a topic which is often overlooked and if you're spending you know $5,000 or more on meta ads per month then this is going to be something you want to be keeping an eye on not only this year but every year moving forward meta is moving in this direction and it's quite important what I'm referring to is the learning phase and I looked at an ad account recently where the client had plenty of budget if I'm honest $1,000 a day over a 30-day month is you know roughly 30k a month give or take some extra on Google on the side but they've got a decent budget and when you've got a decent budget you want to make sure that you're spending that budget in the most efficient way and so when I jump into ad accounts and I see a client or a prospect or you know an account that I'm auditing might have 20 30 different campaigns that are getting switched on and off sporadically and the ad sets are always being flagged with the same delivery message which is uh learning phase in the learning phase learning limited I think is the exact wording right and So Meta wants to see I think it's around 50 conversions per week it sounds like a lot it is a lot if if I'm honest but if you're fragmenting all of your adsets and you're not compounding the budget that you've got you're not giving meta the chance even even the chance to uh start to consolidate those learnings and start to really make your ad account more efficient and by more efficient I mean finding more people likely to buy uh all e-commerce brands are obviously optimizing towards purchases so when the learning is limited on a meta account it means that Facebook is unable to find enough people likely to purchase within your set budget constraints which means it never really learns who to go after and who are the buyers and so rather than having 20 30 different campaigns what you really want to do is consider scraping that back down and having two to four or even one to two the Le the less the better if I'm honest these days with meta we're doing less and less dedicated remarketing campaigns as well so focusing on prospecting and Facebook will naturally go in and out of these engaged audiences and find buyers for for you but limiting the number of campaigns and increasing the budget at the campaign at the adet level will allow meta algorithm to find more people likely to buy in a more efficient manner and so you might be thinking well I don't know what the damage of my you know learning limited or learning phase might be there's a number that you can check in your ad account it's found in ads manager. facebook.com so most businesses will have a business manager so you go to business. face.com you never navate to your ad account when you navigate to your ad account on the left hand side there's usually a menu the top button on that menu is usually called account overview now when you look at your account overview section you're going to see at the very top it's actually in quite small writing but it's going to tell you uh the amount spent in the last 7 days and it's going to tell you the percentage spent in the loaning phase so when I was auditing this account that I'm referring to it had around 75 to 82% stuck in the learning phase so they had a big budget and they weren't using that budget in the most effective way there was too much fragmentation and they're in the learning phase with the majority of the ad spend every single day week and month and so where you want to sit in that percentage of learning spend is ideally 20% or less if you can get 80% of your budget flowing and moving with the algorithm and keep meta as happy as possible then you're putting yourself in the best place you're giving yourself the best chance to go out and lower that cost per purchase which Ely will give you a higher return on ad spend and hopefully more Shopify orders at the end of the day so I hope that was helpful the number as I said is around 20% or less if you can have a look at that number for yourself see what it looks like if you need help bringing that number down and increasing the Returns on your ads just reach out at simply converting.to [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @shrenik24x7 [1 likes]: Is it okay to increase budget of a good campaign while in learning phase? I increased budget of a campaign by 4x and it went from a few conversions per day to zero conversions per day 😢
  2. @JennyHansenLane: I do want to turn on a ad at a higher daily budget
  3. @JennyHansenLane: This advice kind of sounds like a meta pro call. lol
  4. @saadrehmannchoudhry9924: I can not see learning phase it just says active. Where can I change that I have also checked the columns customization tab and its not even there.

I am a newbie

Its been less than 24 hours since my ads campaign is running

- NEW Meta Ads Setting That You Can't Afford To Get Wrong!: Kind: captions Language: en There is a new Facebook ad performance gold option that you have to use if you want to make more money from your meta ad campaigns. Most Facebook advertisers aren't even aware this option exists, but it can make a massive difference to your ad campaign performance. Let me show you what I'm talking about. So, to demonstrate this, I'm in one of our Meta ad accounts. I'm in Ads Manager, and I'm going to go ahead and create a quick example sales campaign. I'm also going to be talking about uh this performance goal in a leads capacity because it does apply there too, although in a different way. So, we'll get to that in a minute. If I just go ahead and click sales for now, not going to worry about any of the other settings at the campaign or adset level. What we're going to do is focus in on the performance goal. Now, one of the reasons why a lot of meta advertisers aren't even aware that the option about to demonstrate exists is because um in order for it to come up as an option, you need to first change your conversion location. You can see that the default within this account for conversion location is website and calls. And that gives us a performance goal, which is maximize number of conversions, which cannot be changed. But if we go ahead and change this from multiple uh to single, your default, by the way, for your conversion location might be different, but I think most businesses running sales campaigns, the option they want to go with will be website, and that's what they'll be going with for the conversion location. Once I do that, you can see we now have options at the performance goal level. Now, if I click into here, we can take a look at the options. So, I'm going to talk about these two up up top here in a second because they're really important, but just wanted to quickly say, don't use any of these four options down here for your leads or your sales campaigns. If you optimize for as many landing page views or link links possible, that's basically just traffic campaign. If you optimize for as much unique reach um or impressions as possible, those are variations on an awareness campaign. So, most better advertisers understand that the campaign objective is really important. But I think there's a bit of a lag in terms of the space and awareness around the performance goal being just as, if not more important. All the campaign objective really does is narrow down the options. It's the performance goal that tictates how your meta ad campaign is going to be optimized. And we know that that optimization process should not be underestimated. It is incredibly important. If you run a traffic campaign optimizing for link clicks and you run a sales campaign optimizing for sales, the sales campaign optimizing for sales will almost certainly generate many more sales at a much lower cost per sale than the traffic campaign will. Even if the traffic campaign sends more traffic to your website, which it probably will. So, we know the power of of optimization. I think that level of understanding is is broadly understood. But we can now be more sophisticated with our performance goals because the platform has become more sophisticated. So, let's talk about these two options here. Like I just said, before we change the conversion uh location, the default was maximize number of conversions. And what would that look like, right? So, we select maximize number of conversions and then the conversion event would most likely be purchase on a um for a salesbased campaign. What we're basically saying to Meta is optimize this campaign to get me as many sales as possible. Sounds like that's what you'd want to go with, but it's not. Because if you go with this option instead, maximize value of conversions, then what Meta will do is they will favor advertising to those people that Meta predicts not only are going to buy from you, but will spend more when they do. So that might actually mean you generate less sales, but the overall value of those sales will be greater. So, so let me sort of explain the the detail on it and give some examples. If someone comes through your website and buys $20 worth of stuff and someone else comes through your website and buys $200 worth of stuff, that person who buys $200 worth of stuff is obviously worth a lot more to your business. You would be willing to pay as an advertiser significantly more for a purchase from the $200 person versus the $20 person. Well, with maximized value, you can factor that in. You can say that to Meta. So, what you're not optimizing for is as many perks as possible. you're optimizing for as much value. So, the overall revenue generated from the campaign, the return on ad spend to be as good as possible. And certainly for e-commerce businesses where you can not only track the conversions that are taking place via your website, but the value of each one of those conversions and that data could be fed back into your uh into your meta ad account, then maximize value of conversions is a really simple switch to make uh but can make a huge difference to the profitability of your ad campaigns, which is the most important thing. That's what allows you to scale. That's what allows you to reinvest and achieve the goals that you have not only for your marketing campaigns but your business more broadly. Now, this performance goal has been available in some meta ad accounts for a little while now. Um, in others, it's relatively new. I don't hear much talk about it amongst meta advertisers. I don't think the word has gotten out yet. It's part of the reason for creating this video, but it's definitely something that you want to switch over to. Like I said, if you're an e-commerce business, um, you're running sales campaigns, it's an absolute no-brainer. I'll talk more about leads in a second. I also want to emphasize the importance of making this switch if you have wildly differing customer values. So, I gave the example a minute ago of $20 versus $200. Some businesses have a lot of that. They have some customers worth $100 and some customers worth $2,000. Really, really important that you use this and basically train Meta to get you more of the high value um sales. If you're just selling the one thing, everyone only buys it once. it's always the same price. There's not much value in switching over. But not many businesses are like that. In fact, if I ever work with a business that is like that, one of the first workons is going to be let's have an upsell or something significantly more expensive where we can massively increase um your customer value. So, if you do have varying values, like significantly varying values, extra important that you make this change. Okay, I'll show you how this applies to lead campaigns in a second, but first I want to quickly let you know about Hyros. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction but not those subsequent payments. And that's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. So let me show you how this works for a leads campaign. It is a bit more complicated and a little bit less obvious than how you do it with a with a sales campaign for an e-commerce business for example. But let's jump back into our example ad accounts. Close that down. go to the campaign level and create a quick leads campaign. Once again, not going to worry about anything else. Just going to jump to the adset level. Um the default conversion location again here is website and calls. Like I said, the defaults might be different. It's going to be um ad account specific to some extent. And we've got this fixed uh performance goal of number of conversions. But let's say I was going to run this lead campaign just to my website, which I appreciate is probably less common for leads than it is for sales, but still a lot of businesses will send people through to a landing page or a website and generate their leads there. If we change that over to website um we can switch this from maximize number of conversions to maximize value of conversions. So that leads you obvious question well how do you actually set that up right because I appreciate I know I understand that when I generate sales from my Shopify store that value is then passed back fairly easy for meta to be able to distinguish between different customer values. This customer spent this customer spent this. This one's more valuable. Please advertise to more people like them. How does that work with leads? Well, this requires more effort and work on your end. But what you basically need to do is distinguish between different lead values so that you can estimate how much a lead is worth at the point at which it became a lead and then feed that information back. Because you might be thinking, well, some leads don't convert. Other leads do convert, but I'm optimizing for leads. I'm not optimizing for the eventual sale. That might be a month later. It's too long. It's too complicated. We don't generate enough volume to to optimize for those things. So, for example, let's say you're a roofing business running meta ads to generate leads. How would you calculate differing lead values? Well, you might have different services. So, you might have full roof replacement as one service. You might have roof repairs as another service. And they could have separate uh landing pages where people can acquire and they go to different thank you pages. You could have different conversion events that feed back at differing values, I should say, uh for each one of those services. and you make a calculation cuz you don't know at that point which each lead is actually worth, but you can estimate it. So, let's say a full roof repair is $20,000 and you convert one in five leads. Therefore, each lead generated is worth $4,000 on average, right? That's how you would make that calculation. But let's say roof repair is significantly less. The average job is $2,000 and maybe you convert a higher rate. So, you convert 50% of those. um therefore each lead is worth $1,000. Meta can see that information generated. They're like, "Right, these leads are worth 4K. These leads are worth a,000. Let's be willing to pay more to acquire more of the of the more valuable leads." Right? So, that might be something that that might be the sort of way you calculate it with different services. If you just sell the one service, you might be thinking, well, how do I go about doing this? One clever way that I've seen this implemented is that you have and you have to set this up technically on your website or whatever sort of inquiry form, lead generation based form you're using where you have questions that people have to ask and their answers dictate where they end up. So for example, when they're filling out the form to see if they want to work with you, you have a drop-own list with multiple options for budget. And if they're under a certain number budget-wise, they go through to a page where we say, "Sorry, we might not be able to work with you or we'd actually recommend you use this option that we have instead, this service, because it's less expensive." And then other people that select a higher budget option go through to a different thank you page that says, "Yeah, great. We'll proceed, expect a call from us, whatever it is that your next steps are, right?" Well, because that form has um filtered people according in that case to budget, you can have different conversion values assigned to those different thank you pages. And just like with the different services, that's how you would send differing customer values back to Meta for the same service, but people have just self- selected as some having higher budget and some having lower budget. And that can be a way that you can then feed that information back to Meta. and you will train meta to put your ads in front of people that are more likely to be the higher value option if you have the maximized value of conversions. So definitely requires some more effort to do on a lead basis. Easier to separate out from different services. Little bit more complicated but still very doable to separate out the one service into high value lowv value customers using the the setup that I just described. But well worth it because especially if you have if you can segment it and say to meta look these leads are worth like five grand to my company. these leads are worth like $200. You absolutely want Meta to prioritize those five grand value worth of leads. They're so much more valuable to your business. You are willing to probably pay 10, 20, 30 times as much to get that conversion as opposed to the other one if you go with maximized number of conversions. Meta is just going to optimize for those lower quality uh inexpensive leads because they're less expensive and Meta's algorithm is very literal. How do we get as many conversions as possible? Well, these are cheap and easy and quick to get. Let's go with more of those when you as a business actually want these ones that are much more valuable. And in order to use this performance goal properly, you are going to need to have the meta pixel installed and set up correctly and conversions API. We want the best possible data going back so that Meta can know these are high value, these are low value and then optimize for the higher value customers accordingly. And just a quick reminder that we offer both done for you meta ad services. So we can create, manage and optimize your ad campaigns for you. We also teach people how to get fantastic results with meta ads. If either of those sound interesting, there are links to both in the video description below. And if you've been hearing a lot of noise about the Andromeda update and you're wondering, how does this impact things? What changes do I need to make? Go ahead and check out this video. There is so much misinformation around about there around Andromeda. It's not as complicated as people think. There are however some changes you need to make and I detail it all in this video

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @dianecox4479: newbie here, trying to set up an ad for an art exhibition. I do not have the option to maximise value of conversion (not even greyed out - just not there). Any ideas why this isn't even visible for me?
  3. @heathersudbrock: But does this work for a beginner who doesn’t meet all the conditions for this to be effective? What is the almost always?
  4. @SolarRevivePros: what would you say about the perspective funnels software for advertising?
  5. @bigk8294: Because this is about lead quality, here is something nobody is talking about. Meta has behavioral data across every advertiser on the platform. They can see which users repeatedly submit forms across completely unrelated advertisers and never convert on anything. That pattern is invisible to you but entirely visible to them. The real quality fix is Meta stopping the practice of including those users in lead campaign delivery, or at minimum giving advertisers the ability to opt them out. Every advertiser running leads on Meta should be asking Meta that question directly.
  6. @AG-privat: As a new Saas business I have to disagree with you. Then Maximize Number is better for driving initial, high-volume leads, while Maximize Value is superior for scaling revenue once you have significant, high-quality data.
  7. @lotto.713: What if you are targeting a high ticket niche with a small TAM?
  8. @Jessuschrist: My ads are being rejected for “asking or collecting personal information” in my lead forms ? I simply ask about 1. their budget 2. How soon they want to start 3. Phone or email . Construction business
  9. @antpcsystems: Very Informative Video. Thanks Ben
  10. @heroinchic69: lots of bots coming thruh stayin gfor 20-30seconds lately. any tips on how to get meta to not send bots to your e-com store?  annoyin af
  11. @martinvanstein.youtube: Problem is that these terms are fairly relative.
In your example you use the $20 vs the $200 example , but technically $25 is also more than $20 ... plus I found the META algorithm to be inconsistent and dumb as bricks ... I ran a leads campaign for two identical businesses ... one had $8 CPL whereas the other was at a (for me at least) amazing $0,20  per lead.

I found that creatives and landingpage (if you use this) matters most and settings within META hardly matter that much.... except fo rmaking sure you turn off a lot of shite META injects every time
  12. @kacpermichaleclangnite: Ben, please quick question - I cannot find it anywhere. My meta adset is counting every purchase even of different products on my page, how do i exclude them from being counted in?
  13. @MrUnbeated: Hi guys, i create an audience but when i try to use it in a new lead ad i'm creating it says no audience available, somebody knows why? Thanks a lot!
  14. @ig_finisher_og: Can you make a video or explain me - how to run ads for offline store i dont have website and online store, want more customer on oofline store
  15. @ReliefX_usa: 4:00 140 roas💀
  16. @Anoniem927: Is it worth using maximize value of conversion if you product price is between €300 en €2.000? Or should I just stick with maximize number of conversion. For context, I sell laptops and phones so I don't really see people buying multiple of those
  17. @GuaranteedPPC: And all of this works better with full server side tracking in today's environment BY FAR.  Don't skip this step!
  18. @diegoscur8: Does anyone sell Facebook ad accounts?
  19. @fspworld: I tried the Value based conversions for one carousel ad last month and it only led to one sale in a 7 days (even though our AOV is $711) but would you try this only value based conversions on cold ads or also warm retargeting ads, or both?
  20. @JayKay-jp6sv: Hi Ben. I'm following your steps but when I choose conversion location to 'website', I only 2 options under performance goals: Maximise number of conversations (NOT conversions), and Maximise number of link clicks. I do not get any other option. Where am I going wrong?

- How to Avoid the Learning Phase on Facebook Ads: Budget Scaling Tips for 2025: Kind: captions Language: en advertising performance is always worse during the learning phase so people often want to avoid going back into it if they're scaling their campaign budget but is this the right thing to do strategically and even if it is how do we do it effectively now that's what we're going to cover today in this video and at the end of the video you will understand if avoiding the learning phase is the right thing to do in your circumstances and exactly how to do that in a way that preserves your campaign performance so all the learning phase is is a period of time where meta systems are trying to understand exactly how to best achieve your desired outcome whether that be sales or leads Etc now if you're running a sales campaign it's during the learning phase that they're trying to figure out who best to show your ads to you know at what time of the day which placements work best what frequency works best which images and videos and copy variations work best what's resonating the most with your target audience to achieve those sales now to exit the learning phase you need 50 events within 7 days so for sales you need 50 sales within 7 days or leads you need 50 leads within 7 days for example now the learning phase itself isn't a bad thing but if you're already running a campaign that has strong performance going back into the learning phase can be a little bit risky cuz once you're back in the learning phase there's no guarantee that when you're ads exit they'll perform at the same level as when before they went in so it's almost like each time you go into the learning learning phase meta re-evaluates your ads unique algorithm each time which doesn't always produce the same results so if you're already happy with your ads performance and you're just looking to scale the same level of results you scale by doing no more than a 20% budget increase every week now this will see your budget double roughly every 4 weeks now with each budget increase you have to monitor the frequency and the cost per result as key metrics if your frequenc goes up and your cost per result goes up this may indicate the meta is struggling to find you newer audiences and more and more customers so it might be best to reenter the learning phase so it can go back and it can figure all of this out again so it can go out and find wider and wider broader people for you so also sometimes you might want to scale really really quickly and you might want to double triple or quadruple your budget almost immediately now we've got clients who really see the value in meta ads or Google ads they see a great return on investment so they decide to 10x their advertising budget almost overnight now if you're ever in this situation personally I'd just bite the bullet re-enter the learning phase but only do it if you're confident that there is plenty of market demand at these increased budget levels now if you want to really increase your budget and quickly it's best to just let meta relearn how best to spend your budget to maximize results at that spend level but if you're more patient and you really want to protect your current performance but at higher budget spends go with a 20% increase every week as a maximum now for our client who sells telescopes we've taken them from spending £1,000 a month to now £3,000 a month in advertising spend now that's because there's so much market demand for telescopes out there so we simply whacked the budget right up and let that those campaigns relearn and find new audiences because we're using the advantage plus we're advertising to really broad people with our legal client we were getting such high quality leads and so cheaply we didn't want to put that performance at risk so we scaled in 20% increments week by week so that's really what you need to consider so it's not necessarily A straightforward thing of just avoiding the learning phase sometimes that's the right thing to do sometimes you can be a bit more patient and scale budget slowly so I hope that helps first you to determine whether you should go into the learning phase or not or whether you scale gradually cuz like I said it's not always straight forward but that should give you the tools to decide what's right for you and if you're doing 20% per week you will not go back into the learning phase or you should not go back into the learning phase so hope that helps don't forget to like And subscribe see you next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @user-re5le2ug2x [3 likes]: Useful thank you
  2. @juliabowen8234 [2 likes]: So helpful - thank you!
  3. @fostersgoods [1 likes]: im doing  a normal cbo at 100 should i scale with normal cbo? or make an advantage plus shopping campaign? It did great at 100 then after 2 or 3 days i bumped to 200 and its TERRIBLE today. Im thinking either  abad day and the budget increase or because normal cbo doesnt scale as good as shopping campaign... please help :( great video  btw
  4. @RohinSunner-s8l: I increased by 20% twice and it destroyed my campaign! I imagine in some cases may be good to increase by 15% only? I did this within the first 7 days.

Also, I wouldn't say it even entered learning phase again? Because when I initially launched the ad it was working around 10-15 dollars per lead also, then it shot up to 50+, this happens often if I scale too quick, I feel it just derails the campaign as opposed to go back to neutral "learning phase" any thoughts? Would appreciate so much thanks

- Fastest Way to Fix Your Facebook Ads Learning Phase (Copy this): Kind: captions Language: en you launched a Facebook ad and now your budget&nbsp; is disappearing faster than your morning coffee&nbsp;&nbsp; Before you panic and start tweaking everything&nbsp; stop You could be making your ads worse by not&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding this one thing Facebook's learning&nbsp; phase This is a critical period where Facebook's&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithm gathers data to optimize ad delivery And&nbsp; if you don't understand how this works you could&nbsp;&nbsp; be wasting money by making the wrong changes&nbsp; too soon By the end of this video you'll know&nbsp;&nbsp; how to speed up the learning phase avoid the&nbsp; biggest mistakes and get your ads performing&nbsp;&nbsp; faster But the number one mistake resetting your&nbsp; ads performance without even realizing it This&nbsp;&nbsp; will waste your money and keep you stuck So stop&nbsp; doing it I'm going to show you how to fix this in&nbsp;&nbsp; just a sec Let's get into it What is the Facebook&nbsp; ads learning phase if you've ever launched an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; and thought "Why are my results consistent?" or&nbsp; "Should I change something?" Don't do that This&nbsp;&nbsp; might be because your ad is still in the learning&nbsp; phase If you don't let Facebook finish learning&nbsp;&nbsp; your ad will never reach the right people and&nbsp; you'll just keep wasting money Think of it like&nbsp;&nbsp; a trial period The algorithm is fine-tuning how&nbsp; your ad performs before optimizing it for success&nbsp;&nbsp; We'll talk about what it's doing in just a minute&nbsp; but you need to remember your ad is not failing&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is learning how to make it perform better&nbsp; But here's the deal The way that you set up your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads matters just as much as the learning phase&nbsp; If your target your budget or your structure is&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong from the start no amount of optimization&nbsp; will fix it So if you don't want to waste money&nbsp;&nbsp; on bad ads then you need to download the&nbsp; Marketer's Guide to Meta This is a free&nbsp;&nbsp; resource that I've linked below that walks you&nbsp; through setting up profitable ads from the start&nbsp;&nbsp; Trust me you don't want to launch another&nbsp; ad without reading it first So you can grab&nbsp;&nbsp; it below for free Now let's talk about what&nbsp; the learning phase is actually doing for your ads Most people panic when their ads don't&nbsp; convert right away But here's the truth&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is testing everything at once Who should&nbsp; see your ad where it performs the best how people&nbsp;&nbsp; engage if it sees that your ad performs best on&nbsp; Instagram stories it will show it there more often&nbsp;&nbsp; If one audience clicks more than the other it&nbsp; will prioritize them This is why you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; give it more time It's learning the best way&nbsp; to get you results Now if your ads feel stuck&nbsp;&nbsp; in the learning phase it's probably because&nbsp; of one of these four reasons First you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; getting enough conversions You need at least&nbsp; 50 conversion events per ad set in 7 days for&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook to optimize properly So if you're not&nbsp; hitting 50 try optimizing for a higher funnel&nbsp;&nbsp; action like add to cart or link clicks instead&nbsp; of purchases Second your audience is too small&nbsp;&nbsp; If your audience is too niche Facebook doesn't&nbsp; have enough data to work with Widen your audience&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly Test lookalike audiences or broaden&nbsp; your targeting to give Facebook more room to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn Third your budget is too low A tiny budget&nbsp; means you're not getting conversions fast enough&nbsp;&nbsp; Set your daily budget to at least five times your&nbsp; average conversion cost so Facebook can exit the&nbsp;&nbsp; learning phase faster Fourth and guys this is the&nbsp; biggest mistake I've seen making too many changes&nbsp;&nbsp; Every time you tweak your ad changing budget&nbsp; audience or creative the learning phase resets&nbsp;&nbsp; If you must edit duplicate the ad set instead of&nbsp; modifying the active one This keeps your original&nbsp;&nbsp; data intact Once your ad exits the learning&nbsp; phase you need to make sure you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; budget the right [Music] way Don't double your&nbsp; budget overnight This forces Facebook to relearn&nbsp;&nbsp; everything from scratch Instead increase by 20&nbsp; to 30% every 3 to 5 days to maintain performance&nbsp;&nbsp; while scaling smoothly If you're looking&nbsp; for advanced scaling strategies chapter 5&nbsp;&nbsp; of the marketer's guide to meta walks you through&nbsp; measuring performance and adjusting your strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; for long-term growth I've linked it below so you&nbsp; can go grab it right now But what if you've done&nbsp;&nbsp; all this and your ad is still stuck the number&nbsp; one mistake is something that people do every&nbsp;&nbsp; single day without thinking twice Let's break&nbsp; it down Here are the top three learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes that could be costing you money First&nbsp; thinking the learning phase means that an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; is failing Have you ever seen an ad underperform&nbsp; and thought "This isn't working Let me just turn&nbsp;&nbsp; it off." Don't Facebook needs time to optimize Let&nbsp; the ads run for at least 7 days before making any&nbsp;&nbsp; major changes Second is making too many changes&nbsp; too soon Frequent edits restart the learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead analyze data after a full week before&nbsp; making adjustments Third is setting budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; too low for conversions If your daily budget is&nbsp; too small you won't get enough conversions to&nbsp;&nbsp; exit the learning phase A good rule of thumb is&nbsp; to set your budget to at least five times your&nbsp;&nbsp; average conversion cost All right quick recap&nbsp; The learning phase helps Facebook optimize your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads for better performance To exit faster get 50&nbsp; conversion events avoid frequent edits and scale&nbsp;&nbsp; budgets slowly Remember don't panic Ads in the&nbsp; learning phase aren't failing they're optimizing&nbsp;&nbsp; Here's what to do right now Open your Facebook&nbsp; ads manager Are your ads stuck in the learning&nbsp;&nbsp; phase if so drop a comment saying stuck and&nbsp; I will reply with a tip to help you get out&nbsp;&nbsp; faster So apply these strategies this week before&nbsp; you waste another dollar Now before you go don't&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to download the marketer's guide to meta&nbsp; It is completely free and will help you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads without wasting money on trial and error Want&nbsp; to take this even further imagine being able to&nbsp;&nbsp; see what ads your competitors are running right&nbsp; now without guessing What if you could analyze&nbsp;&nbsp; their top performing ads and apply these insights&nbsp; to your business that's exactly what I'll show&nbsp;&nbsp; you in my Facebook ads library video It's linked&nbsp; at the end of this video And trust me this will&nbsp;&nbsp; save you time and money If this video helped you&nbsp; out I would love it if you could give it a thumbs&nbsp;&nbsp; up and make sure to subscribe to this channel&nbsp; for more digital marketing strategies every&nbsp;&nbsp; single week My name is Bridget Oor It has been an&nbsp; absolute pleasure and I will see you next time Bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @majomster [13 likes]: I've never ever seen the "learning phase" only "active" from the first minute when i put an ads out 🤔
  2. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Its been months with zero sales !! What learning its not learning at all
  3. @HubSpotMarketing [1 likes]: Download the Marketer's Guide to Meta for setting up profitable ads from the start. Get it here: 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/z74t
  4. @ProfessionalFitnessEducation [1 likes]: My ads are stuck in limbo, I am not spending money, and Meta appears to not be displaying them even though they are set correctly, I believe. After 1 month, only 2 dollars spent. Terribly frustrating.
  5. @mkabeer_: stuck
  6. @DavidK6633: STUCK
  7. @misripatel-y8i: Stuck
  8. @tacticalmovingco: Meta let me see my lead center , why?
  9. @k0b3r: This is by far The Most Poitnless PDF ever!
Can I have my time back that I wasted on reading it?
  10. @carolyngallagher8630: stuck
  11. @DrewGallagherMusic: When to switch from a higher funnel event to a lower funnel event? Will I still get purchases if I'm optimizing for link clicks, view content, or add to cart?
  12. @ruchirawijesundara1354: stuck
  13. @Worldpov2020: Finally someone teaching "how" and not just "why-theory". Thank you.
  14. @EliasESW: Very repetitive
  15. @abdulhusainaj1135: Stuck
  16. @SteveAdams-g6r: What if Meta continues to learn bad leads over and over but marketing agency continues to push still learning even 30 days later or more. For example, non homeowners as leads for home service based business.
  17. @bilalomar7446: i never seen learning phase in my facebook ads manager , when i start a new campaign , it goes directly to active mode . so i don't know if my campaign in learning phase or not . why that is happen ?

can you help me with this problem
  18. @abuzarqureshi6597: Does making a sales campaign on website view content optimisation in US market for learning phase is better then directly launching a purchase campaign for new pixel ?
Does meta gets enough data with view content in start and then gives better results in atc and then initiative checkout and then purchase?
  19. @GourouID: How long for it to start running when showing active
  20. @AlbertdeKlerk-z1j: Google Ads is een lastig onderwerp, maar jullie maken het veel begrijpelijker.

- Meta Ads in 2026: Andromeda, Gem & Lattice Explained SIMPLY For Creative Marketers: Kind: captions Language: en why your ads might be tanking and why Meta's Andromeda really has [music] to do with it. Simplified for UGC creators and creative strategists. Meta didn't break your ad account. Your creative workflow just didn't [music] evolve fast enough. The brands and agencies that are winning now are testing faster, learning faster, and iterating even quicker. And speak to different audience segments [music] with precision. First, let's get one thing straight. A lot of creators and media buyers are [music] blaming bad performance on Meta's Andromeda update. But here's the truth. you are probably thinking about it in the wrong way. This is not just about one update. There are three major AI systems now powering Meta's ad delivery. Andromeda, Gem, and Lattis, which we will talk about shortly. You need to understand how they work together if you want your ads to perform. Again, yes, we will explain it in a way that actually makes sense for creative thinkers and [music] not some software developer because those examples already exist and I want to simplify it for you by walking you through what actually changed. and [music] most importantly, what to do now. Shortly in this video, I will be explaining the top four things performance creative should be focused on going into 2026 [music] and a lot of things that I have already implemented into my workflow as a strategist over the last few years. But here's the TLDDR. You need creative diversity, not just more videos. Top offunnel content matters more than ever [music] before. It's not about the best ad. It's about getting strong concepts live faster across more segments. >> [music] >> It's important to remember that Andromeda is not your enemy. However, your resistance to change just might be. Hello creators, strategists, media buyers, and anyone else who's watching. This one is for you. Especially if you are wondering why your ad performance has tanked and everyone is blaming something called Andromeda. Spoiler alert, it is not just [music] Andromeda and your ad results might not actually be broken. However, your approach might be. There are actually three major updates that are changing the way ads are delivered right now [music] to Meta, which includes Andromeda, Gem, and Lattis. So, let's break this all down in simple terms. You don't need to be an engineer or media buyer to understand this. Now, most people are only talking about Andromeda, but it is part of a much bigger system. Technically, only step one of three. Andromeda's job is to go through what is millions of possible [music] ads and pull a short list of the ones that might make sense for a specific viewer. That's it. It doesn't pick the final ad. It just says, "Hey, here are 50 options that could work." And then hands it over to something called GEM, which is referred to as the Superbrain by some Meta employees. So once Andromeda makes that short list, Gem is going to kick in. This is Meta's super intelligent model that understands user behavior at a much deeper level than ever before. Gem looks at past activity, current mood, goals, and probably what you're about to buy. What Gem is going to do is refine the short list to be even shorter. So only the most relevant ads stay [music] in the mix. So Gem simplified the actual long list that Andromeda provided, which is then when Lattis, the final judge, comes into play, which is what Meta uses to actually make the final decision as to who is being targeted with what ad. It pulls data from all the other systems and says, "Hey, show this exact ad to this exact user right now." So, when you hear someone say, "Andromeda is ruining their performance." Not really. It's not making the final call. Lattis is Andromeda was the assistant who collected a curation of ads, that gem further narrowed down for [music] Lattis to make that executive decision. Andromeda didn't kill your performance. Not adapting to it, however, might have. Okay, let's be real. If you're seeing worse results lately, you are not imagining it. And it's not just you. Here's what might actually be [music] happening. So, your competitors might have adapted faster. They are producing better, more relevant content at scale. And Meta System is picking their ads over yours because they are simply giving it better options. Things like interest targeting, lookike audiences, and even separating prospecting from retargeting not as effective anymore. AI knows more than those manual rules ever did. Your creative [music] strategy could be outdated. Meta system rewards brands that have high creative diversity. Not just more ads, but [music] more types of ads that speak to different people. So, how exactly do you fix this? If [music] you have found yourself in this position where the ads that used to work no longer are. Whether you're a brand or a creator producing content, here is the playbook you should follow. One, you want to know your audience segments. [music] Don't just think, "Oh, yeah, this is for women between ages 30 and 45." You want to break it down even more. What do I mean by that? New moms, outdoorsy moms, techsavvy moms. Each one of these personas needs their own hook, tone, and format. You also want to build creative variety. So, you want to create different types of videos like testimonials, product demos, edutainment style videos, founder POVs, UGC mashups. [music] You are not just making content for people. You are single-handedly feeding the algorithm. And if you make it easier for Meta to match your ad, it is going to reward you. And then three, you want to focus on speed over perfection. Perfect is the enemy of good enough. Don't wait to make it perfect. You need to test fast, [music] learn fast, and iterate faster. The system prefers momentum over polish. So, what exactly does that mean? Launching new creatives weekly is a must. Reusing winning hooks in new creative ways. Editing quick turn variations for different segments. These are just a few examples. You also want to make sure that you are using competitive tools, platforms [music] like foreplay, motion, atria, magic brief. What is trending right now? What creatives are [music] scaling? If your results have been down, maybe it's not the algorithm. Maybe it's just that your competitors are out executing you right now. It's important to keep in mind that organic and paid ads have been merging over the years. What used to be just organic content, that's now top offunnel fuel. People want relatable native content. If you are a creator, this is one of your superpowers. So, here's my final takeaway. The loudest people yelling meta is broken are usually the ones who didn't evolve their creative strategy. Don't be one of those people.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KnowhereStudio-w7y [1 likes]: Love how simply you explained this. Ever thought about polish edits to boost retention? I'm a professional video editor love to connect!
  2. @theroaringsound: Thanks for sharing this wealth of information. I'm a Digital Marketing Strategist, and this came in so handy!

- Meta Ads in 2026: Andromeda, Gem & Lattice Explained SIMPLY For Creative Marketers: Kind: captions Language: en why your ads might be tanking and what Meta's Andromeda really has to do with it. Simplified for UGC creators and creative strategists. Meta didn't break your ad account. Your creative workflow just didn't evolve fast enough. The brands and agencies that are winning now are testing faster, learning faster, and iterating even quicker. And speak to different audience segments with precision. First, let's get one thing straight. A lot of creators and media buyers are blaming bad performance on Meta's Andromeda update. But here's the truth. you are probably thinking about it in the wrong way. This is not just about one update. There are three major AI systems now powering Meta's ad delivery. Andromeda, Gem, and Latis, which we will talk about shortly. You need to understand how they work together if you want your ads to perform. Again, yes, we will explain it in a way that actually makes sense for creative thinkers and not some software developer because those examples already exist and I want to simplify it for you by walking you through what actually changed. and most importantly, what to do now. Shortly in this video, I will be explaining the top four things performance creative should be focused on going into 2026 and a lot of things that I have already implemented into my workflow as a strategist over the last few years. But here's the TLDDR. You need creative diversity, not just more videos. Top offunnel content matters more than ever before. It's not about the best ad. It's about getting strong [music] concepts live faster across more segments. It's important to remember that Andromeda is not your enemy. However, your resistance [music] to change just might be. Welcome to UGC Pro, the podcast [music] where creative strategy, UGC innovation, and freelancing success collide. [music] I'm your host, Kelly Rockline, a self-taught creative marketer from the brand and creator side. with over a decade of experience working with hundreds of brands and driving over half a billion dollars in revenue. [music] Now, as a mentor to more than 10,000 aspiring UGC creators and creative strategists, I'm here to help you unlock your full potential. [music] Whether you're here to sharpen your ad game or gain fresh insights to elevate [music] your creative freelance business, you're in the right place. So, grab a cup of coffee, get comfortable, or have it stack. Is there a pile of laundry that you [music] need to get through? What about unloading the dishwasher? Maybe it's a good time to go out and get some fresh air. [music] Whether you're cuddled up on the couch or getting your steps in, I am so happy you're here. So, without further ado, let's dive in. Hello creators, strategists, [music] media buyers, and anyone else who's watching, this one is for you. Especially if you are wondering why your ad performance [music] has tanked and everyone is blaming something called Andromeda. Spoiler alert, it is not just Andromeda and your ad results might not actually be broken. However your approach might be, there are actually three major updates that are changing the way ads are delivered right now to Meta, which includes Andromeda, Gem, and Lattis. So, let's break this all down in simple terms. You don't need to be an engineer or media buyer to understand this. Now, most people are only talking about Andromeda, but it is part of a much bigger system. Technically, only step one of three. Andromeda's job is to go through what is millions of possible ads and pull a short list of the ones that might make sense for a specific viewer. That's it. It doesn't pick the final ad. It just says, "Hey, here are 50 options that could work." And then hands it over to something called GEM, which is referred to as the Superbrain by some Meta employees. So once Andromeda makes that short list, Gem is going to kick in. This is Meta's super intelligent model that understands user behavior at a much deeper level than ever before. Gem looks at past activity, current mood, goals, and probably what you're about to buy. What Gem is going to do is refine the short list to be even shorter, so only the most relevant ads stay in the mix. So Gem simplified the actual long list that Andromeda provided, which is then when Lattis, the final judge, comes into play, which is what Meta uses to actually make the final decision as to who is being targeted with what ad. It pulls data from all the other systems and says, "Hey, show this exact ad to this exact user right now." So, when you hear someone say, "Andromeda is ruining their performance." Not really. It's not making the final call. Lattis's Andromeda was the assistant who collected a curation of ads that gem further narrowed down for Lattis to make that executive decision. Andromeda didn't kill your performance. Not adapting to it, however, might have. Okay, let's be real. If you're seeing worse results lately, you are not imagining it. And it's not just you. Here's what might actually be happening. So, your competitors might have adapted faster. They are producing better, more relevant content at scale. And Meta System is picking their ads over yours because they are simply giving it better options. Things like interest targeting, lookike audiences, and even separating prospecting from retargeting not as effective anymore. AI knows more than those manual rules ever did. Your creative strategy could be outdated. Meta system rewards brands that have high creative diversity. Not just more ads, but more types of ads that speak to different people. So, how exactly do you fix this? If you have found yourself in this position where the ads that used to work no longer are, whether you're a brand or a creator producing content, here is the playbook you should follow. Did you know [music] that we have three video courses for UGC creators and creative strategists? Since summer of 2022, UGC Pro has taught over 17,900 students with our free and paid resources. We have helped complete strangers on the internet who are wanting to either create a supplemental source of income through a creative side hustle, aka UGC or creative strategy, or even pivot careers entirely without being forced to go back to [music] school. Regardless of what your plans are, our video courses were created to help expedite your learning curve and avoid common roadblocks. Believe it or not, I started doing [music] UGC over a decade ago without even realizing it. Obviously, UGC back then [music] compared to now looks very different. But over the years on the creative freelancer side and working internally for both brands and agencies as a video editor, producer, creative strategist, creative director, and even director of creative strategy, which really quickly, if you didn't know already, I'm actually a college dropout. I did not go to college for this. Our video courses share a level of information you will not be able to find anywhere else. And I say that seriously and confidently. Information is everywhere when it comes to UGC and creative strategy. But this level of experience isn't. [music] So use code podcast 25 for 25% off our video courses by visiting our website www.ugc.pro to snag your discounted resources now. By visiting our website, you can also see all of the raving five-star [music] reviews we have from hundreds of creators that we have collected over the last 3 plus years. So what are you waiting for? Visit ugc.pro and [music] use code podcast25 at checkout for 25% off any of our video courses. Whether you're a brand or a creator producing content, here is the playbook you should follow. One, you want to know your audience segments. Don't just think, "Oh, yeah, this is for women between ages 30 and 45." You want to break it down even more. What do I mean by that? New [music] moms, outdoorsy moms, techsavvy moms. Each one of these personas needs their own hook, tone, and format. You also want to build creative variety. So you want to create different types of videos like testimonials, product demos, edutainment style videos, founder POVs, UGC mashups. You are not just making content for people, you are single-handedly feeding the algorithm. And if you make it easier for Meta to match your ad, it is going to reward you. And then three, you want to focus on speed over perfection. Perfect is the enemy of good enough. Don't wait to make it perfect. You need to test fast, learn fast, and iterate faster. The system prefers momentum over polish. So, what exactly does that mean? Launching new creatives weekly is a must. Reusing winning hooks in new creative ways. Editing quick turn variations for different segments. These are just a few examples. You also want to make sure that you are using competitive tools, platforms like foreplay, motion, atria, magic brief. What is trending right now? What creatives are scaling? If your results have been down, maybe it's not the algorithm. Maybe it's just that your competitors are out executing you right now. It's important to keep in mind that organic and paid ads have been merging over the years. What used to be just organic content, that's now top offunnel fuel. People want relatable native content. If you are a creator, this is one of your superpowers. So, here's my final takeaway. The loudest [music] people yelling meta is broken are usually the ones who didn't evolve their creative strategy. Don't be one of those people. Thank you so much for listening to another episode of the UGC Procast. [music] I hope today's episode gave you inspiration and practical steps to apply to your business. If you enjoyed this conversation, don't forget to hit follow, [music] leave a review, and share it with another creator or marketer. And make sure to catch our next episode. Now, I don't want to give too much away, but let's just say you will not want to miss out. Until [music] then, remember that success is a strategy and you are your most valuable client. [music] So, treat yourself like it. And lastly, if you aren't already connected with us on Tik Tok, Instagram, YouTube X, [music] look up UGC Pro and be sure to follow along. And as always, I wish [music] you the best of luck on your UGC and creative strategy journey.

- Meta's Andromeda & GEM: Clearly Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Here's the thing about Andromeda. You're probably thinking about it all wrong. I see a lot of people blaming bad performance on the new Andromeda update, and I'm going to keep it 100 with you. I have a lot of opinions about this update that I think are going to actually make you uncomfortable. So, what we're going to do today is I'm actually going to give you the clearest explanation on what these updates actually are, and there are three in total. It's not just Andromeda. And I'm going to explain why these updates may have contributed to bad results, just not in the way that you think they are. In fact, I'm going to be calling you out a little bit. But before we begin my personal hot takes on these updates and why I think it's really important that you clearly understand them. Number one, these updates have rendered all targeting interests, lookalike, even prospecting versus retargeting pretty much useless. You'll understand why I explain more. And number two, it's also made your account structure far less important. Kind of a big one, right? So, let's get into these updates. So, there are three new updates in total, right? There's Andromeda, Gem, and Lattice. And let's go into the most infamous first, Andromeda. Actually, let's first go into what it's not. It is not a new algorithm, and it's also not new. It was actually launched last year in December of 2024. So, it is not responsible for your poor ads performance lately. With an asterisk here, right? Because I can explain why some of you might have worse performance now as a result of these changes. And finally, Andromeda doesn't actually control which singular ad is shown to each individual user. Let's dive into this. So, Andromeda is part of the algorithm that actually decides which ads are selected for delivery. It narrows down millions of ads from thousands of brands to a smaller pool that can be shown to each individual user. Simply put, Andromeda is the retrieval process for gathering relevant ads for each user every time they sign on to Facebook or Instagram. That is it. Andromeda doesn't even technically select the best individual ad at any given moment. That is actually another ad tech's job. Now, the way that I like to think about Andromeda is this. It's kind of like a personal assistant that you've tasked to help it find you the best perfect white t-shirt. So, what that personal assistant going to do first, right, is based on how well they know you and what type of events and travel you have coming up, they are going to narrow down a selection of a few options for you to choose. And that process is all that Andromeda does, but just for ads. Now, before we dive into the GEM and Lattice updates, which are really crucial for fully understanding this new algorithm, I first want to give a huge thanks to the sponsors of this video, Particle. They are long-time friends of ours because they play a really critical role in my own research process, which honestly is now doubly important with all these new updates. With Particle, you can see real-time sales data from the top D2C brands, and I particularly love it to be able to zoom in on what type of products and bundles are actually selling today. Something that I'll explain more in-depth later in this video and why some of you might have had worse results after the GEM and Andromeda updates. And again, not to spoil the plot, but being able to increase your AOV so you can actually spend more to acquire your customers is going to be a crucial part of your success moving forward in this new ecosystem. So, some of my favorite bundles that I've seen using Particle recently that have honestly really given me a few bursts of great creative inspiration for this have been Hexclad's ultimate everything collection, which honestly seemed to crush this Black Friday Cyber Monday. And similarly, Magic Spoon also has an everything bundle. So, when I saw these actually, I immediately reached out to some of the clients that I was working with and I'm like, "Hey, do we have an everything bundle? Cuz if not, this seems like a really easy thing that we could do to really increase our AOV." Now, the reason why Particle ties in really well with Andromeda and Gem is that you're going to be able to get a much better sense of your competitors' revenue and sales by SKU. And they also have centralized access to tons of marketing assets from your competitors, like social media, ads, and even emails. So, if you really think that Andromeda is the reason why your sales tanked, I would actually take a look at your competitors in Particle, and you might actually see, hmm, they're doing something a lot better when it comes to their bundle strategy, their product strategy, and how they're positioning those products across their entire marketing ecosystem. Okay, let's get back into these updates, right? So, after Andromeda narrows down the pool of ads, that's when the other new AI models like Gem and Lattice come into the picture. So, Gem is the generative ads recommendation model. And after Andromeda selects this pool of ads, right? That's when Gem comes in. And Gem is essentially a super brain. I actually really loved the way that this Meta employee described it. He described it like a new super brain that can read an entire library of book in seconds while understanding and retaining every single detail. So, the way that this comes to life in Gem is that it can essentially read the mind of your customers and figure out what they're going to want to do next week, maybe even before they do. So, Andromeda creates a pool of ads for a user, and Gem narrows that down even further as sort of the super brain power. And then that's where Lattice comes in, which is essentially a massive library of all of the AI models of the algorithm. And this is where Gem actually lives, right? It's a part of Lattice, which is significant because in the past, Meta has actually had all of these different models separated, which is why it really benefited us to have interest targeting, look-alike targeting, and segmenting things out between prospecting and retargeting, even. But now with Lattice, the exact right ad can be matched up to the right user. So, it is actually Lattice that selects that final ad, not Andromeda or Gem. And let's go back to my metaphor, right? Let's bring this full circle. Andromeda is like the personal assistant who will narrow down a pool of white t-shirts that you might want to buy, all from different brands. And Gem is the super brain that selects an even smaller pool of white t-shirts based on even more detailed insights on you, your behavior, and the advertiser goals. And it knows what types of fabrics you like, you know, cotton versus linen, for instance. And Lattice is the system that brings everything together. It is the one that selects the final t-shirts based on all data and outputs from Gem and other models. So, to put it really plainly, Andromeda and Gem are simply the systems that Meta created so that they could sort through millions of different ad combinations for each individual user. Candidly, it broke that into steps so that Lattice could make that final ad selection. Okay, so what can advertisers do if results are down? How has this affected advertisers in the last few months? Because I have heard from a lot of people, "Andromeda killed my results." And that's not exactly true. But there is a reason why your results could have gone down as a result of it. And to be honest, it's really simple. Your competitors are likely taking better advantage over everything that Andromeda has to offer. They're likely outbidding you, so they have a bigger budget to acquire a customer. And they're a lot more strategic on their creative strategy. AKA, they probably have more better ads than you do. Nothing more and nothing less, in my opinion. And think about it. If your competitors double down on their creative strategy and really focused on their creative operations and making sure they could get more, better creatives out the door and you just kept the status quo. Yeah, Andromeda and Gem are much more likely to select your competitors ads versus your own if you just kept things business as usual. Because Andromeda and Gem really does reward brands who are supplying great creative volume, but more importantly creative diversity. Because it makes their jobs a lot easier to select relevant and engaging content. Which again, I don't want to say that volume is the answer. Volume is not exactly the answer. It's much more about your creative efficiency and your velocity. How quickly can you get excellent creatives out the door and into the ad account? So, I always tell brands this. This is what you can do. Number one, you need to know your core personas. I actually really like to call them audience segments. What are the different audience segments that you can develop creative for? Motion actually has a really great intended audience tag that I really love to be able to like bring this to life a little bit more. Especially if you think you have only one. And for those segments, you need to develop a diverse range of creative formats. And when you find certain formats are top performers, that's when you really need to start doubling down on different messaging angles and even different awareness levels. So, you can give the algorithm as much manpower as possible. And for those of you that are overwhelmed, I absolutely hear you. This suddenly becomes a question of not how to make the best ad possible, but it's more about your creative operations and how quickly you can act on those high-quality creative ideas. So, my final thoughts for this. A really interesting a wrinkle to all of this is this trend or desire for more brands to put out top of funnel content, which candidly is just great organic content. The gap between organic and paid content in my eyes is really starting to close as we move into 2026. And for brands that really prioritize unique organic content, I think they're going to be in the best position to pump out those new creative angles and [music] ideas for a wide range of personas. I've even seen a few operators say that they were going to be combining their paid social and their organic social teams into one, which I think is a sign of things to come. And that's all. I will see you guys next week. Let me know if you want a video on how to develop your creative strategy more for Andromeda. I think that's going to be really important.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lilykilleen3085 [2 likes]: hey idk if this is a dumb question but could you do a video clearly explaining each meta ad metric and what you need to change if one is down or high ?
  2. @TinyandSnail [1 likes]: Oooh this is gold! Thank you Dana! Especially the part at the end talking about how quickly you can produce a volume of relevant content.
  3. @herrokittyxo [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing! Do you have any insight on whether Metas algorithm can find audiences for non-profits/advocacy groups?
  4. @kristopherryanwatson: 9:01 onwards.  this is marketing 101. who is not doing this for their ad set creatives in 2026 ??
  5. @terripenfield5069: The only thing that has happened is facebook marketplace is a mess.
  6. @brotherdaveseattle2791: Libarry????
  7. @AbdulQudoosMir-m7y: Oh, please do be careful, Madam. At this rate of jaw gymnastics, you’re going to pull a muscle. For the sake of your own health, do you think you could try just... saying the point? Or is the theatrical performance mandatory?
  8. @Garo_Tcherpachian: Great video Dara thanks ! We definitly want a video about creative strategy haha
  9. @mattloris3698: Lie'berry❤
  10. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online (mirrors, buffets, and other categories). What campaign structure would you recommend — one campaign per product category, or grouping all product categories within a single campaign?
  11. @jnpilot: This made the new Meta system even more confusing for me…
  12. @zeeshanzeeshan1149: Lots of theory there. And no, my competitors,  bigger are smaller are going down with me. The system is broken. It may improve with time but right now, its a complete mess. If selection is all that matters in the end and if meta  is doing it better now, it should impact ctr, cpm etc. Nope, nothing changed. I just get the feeling that meta is overselling all of this not so super brain to just charge more.
  13. @VibhaDevi-is7hg: What's the price range of your next creative strategist course...?
So i will be prepared...
  14. @Andres-196: Hi Dara, did you ever launch your creative strategy course? Would like to level-up our team members!
  15. @Jesfundamentals: Hi Dara, All this information is excellent!!!!
I have a question. What you teach about advertising is more focused on DTC products. Would what you teach apply to aesthetic clinics that offer Botox treatments, biostimulators, etc.?
And if it doesn't apply, can you recommend someone I could study with?
  16. @rcmanization: what's up with the horror movie background music in the first minute? lol
  17. @larissabecker1893: 10:10 yes do it girl!
  18. @David-rd9ke: Hi Dara! I am considering starting a FB ads agency. However, I know nothing! What resources/courses would you recommend for someone just starting out? Also, I saw one of your reels where you said smaller businesses shouldn't be paying agencies to run their ads. What types of businesses should I target (i.e. what income bracket would they fall into) with my service once I officially launch my business?
  19. @OguzSargin-r3d: Thank you, Dara. As you do every year, could you please also create a video for your Andromeda Campaign Structure?
  20. @abdalfatahelnahas1024: Thank you 
It will be great if you make a video about creative strategy

- The Future of 2026 Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en As we're heading into 2026, what does the future of Facebook advertising looks like now that we're well immersed in this post-Andromeda era? That's what I want to share with you in today's video. Now, if you're new to the channel, you don't even know who I am. My name is Justin Law Law and I'm the founder at paidadvertising.com, where we profitably spend and advise on over $20 million in Facebook ad spend every single year. So, let's get straight into today's video. Now, what I have opened up in front of me is, I guess, some screenshots and I want to walk you through a perhaps storyline. First of all, I might say something a little controversial, but I think that what most people are talking about on YouTube when it comes to Andromeda is complete Now, everyone is kind of fear-mongering right now and capitalizing on the fact that the algorithm is really picking up any content about Andromeda. And the truth is, there's only one very specific type of entrepreneur who was negatively affected by Andromeda. And that's this entrepreneur I want to show you in this video and the one that will probably feel in 2026. So, you'll kind of see me, you know, going back and forth into a couple different anecdotes and storylines, but bear with me. You'll end up walking away from this video with a clear plan of action for your ad accounts in this next year. So, first of all, right around 2 years ago, in fact, this video is very soon coming up on 3 years ago, I had released this video on how to transition a new ad account to broad targeting. And then it says now a year ago, but we're coming up on 2 years now in right around a month, which is, "Hey, here's how I made $16 million using only broad targeting with my ads." And again, right around now almost 2 years ago, it was like, "Hey, Facebook finally fixed broad targeting. You should switch to broad targeting, okay?" So, the reason why I'm showing this at the start is I have been not only preaching, but sharing the importance of going towards broad targeting. And the reason was, if I kind of move aside right here, Facebook's campaign types, okay? We first of all had Advantage Plus shopping campaigns, okay? So, Advantage Plus shopping campaigns first came out as this like very simple campaign structure, no targeting, you only had age, gender, location. You essentially upload all the ads inside of one ad set. And why did Facebook first come with this type of campaign? Well, the only optimization event you could go on this campaign it was a purchase event, which therefore means that this primarily was meant for e-com businesses. Why e-com businesses? They are the ones spending the most amount of money on the platform. They usually spend a lot of money, they have a lot of SKUs, a lot more creatives than any other business types out there. And so, naturally, when Facebook is testing kind of a new feature, it kind of makes sense that they're releasing it first for mainly e-com brands. So, it's like, "Okay." So, that was kind of the first test that we had or the first glimpse into a very simplified account structure, which was right around that 2 years ago. And then from there, what I ended up noticing is that we had the release of those simplified campaigns. So, Facebook called it simplified, then they called it automated, then they called it Advantage Plus overall. So, it was like a Advantage Plus. We even had also, some of y'all might remember, tailored. So, it was like a tailored leads campaign or it was like tailored sales campaigns also with it. So, having said that, it was like simplified A Plus or tailored leads campaign or tailored sales campaigns, which just were like fancier words for a broad targeting campaign. It was like, "You just go broad targeting, you let us handle the rest." And that was it. So, it was like, "Okay." And then from there, and even if you didn't go with a tailored or an A Plus campaign, then what happened is Meta was like they ended up coming out with a series of recommendations when creating a campaign, which they were like, "Hey, we're going back to original, right?" They had original audience options right here. So, in other words, they meant that what was now new was going broad and original was like custom audiences. And then now they had like this little icon that says like are you sure every single time you want to go back to original audiences like are you sure you want to go back to this? In other words, it's like everything in the platform pointed towards going to broad targeting. So it's like okay. Now I still can't believe that some people on YouTube advocate look-alikes or custom audiences or interests. It's like what else do you need in as as a sign from the platform that they don't want you to do anything else than broad targeting. I think they're putting this as like a literally a lit up fire sign in the sky telling you do not do anything else than broad targeting. And I've been saying that for right around 2 years now. And so naturally when broad targeting came out I was like what do I do as an agency, right? Me being a marketer, like what do I focus on with my clients? Does that mean it like I don't have a job anymore? Then it's like no, of course not. We still have to focus on ad creatives. And I was like wait a minute. If broad targeting is the way to go, then how does Facebook target my right customers? What do I like what levers do I have to focus on to tell my clients look this is exactly how we're going to find you those rich clients. Or this is exactly how we're going to find you those Zumba loving moms who want to buy your matcha latte. Well, I was like it's probably do with the one thing that I still have control over which is ad creative, okay? So ad creatives and creative being the targeting was like something I posted again right around 2 years ago. So it says 1 year cuz that's YouTube for you, but it's like early 2020 for late 2023 that I made those videos. It's like creative is the new targeting. Creative is the new targeting. Creative is the new targeting. I kept repeating that on YouTube. It's like only way to target new customers or audiences that you want to address with your ads is ad creative. So it's like okay. And that started to be more so the standard in what space? In e-com. E-com is always the one industry that is ahead of any other industries. Local business, info products, SaaS, they're always late. E-com is always first to catch on to those things. Why? Because e-com is a very marketing-heavy type of business. They're very reliant on paid ads. And a lot of the time you can make the shittiest product work if you have the right ads and if you play the algorithm game right, which is why e-commerce brands caught on to the fact that creative was important. And so, what I I ended up doing back then is I started reading 1960s books, right? I was like, okay. There's like books like Breakthrough Advertising right here where in that book what it explains is two, you know, concepts amongst many, but it was like there's different awareness levels. Like your top of funnel when people say TOF or new audiences, it's basically people who are most aware to somewhat solution aware. When people say middle of funnel, they're usually going to be like or actually I kind of did that on the flip side. Basically completely unaware to solution aware is your TOF. And then you have your MOF, which is pretty much anyone who is product aware and you have like your BOF, which is like your most aware customers right here. It's like, okay, this is very easy. It's like I can just tailor my messaging to someone who's problem aware, start with a very problem-driven hook in my ads, and I'll cater to a more top of funnel audience. Whereas if I say buy this product now, the only people who are going to convert naturally are product aware and so they're part of my middle of funnel. I don't need to do a custom audience. Naturally, if I have the right messaging and the right creative, Facebook finds me the right audience. Great. So, that overall was the learning about 2 years ago. And now, with Meta and Dramata coming out, this is one of those graphics that they shared right here, which they kind of go from less differentiated to more differentiated, which is like they say this is actually better. So, what they're saying now is you need more creative volume and more different ad creatives than ever to reach newer pockets of audiences. There was this um this graph that they had which I I wish I had saved right here, but I will do some very bad drawing for you. But before Meta, so I'm kind of going to go here and I'll say Meta would look into just like one sort of like pool of ads for your potential clients and decide of like, "Okay, this is like a good ad. So, let me just kind of show this to the customer right here." But now with Meta investing more into their AI infrastructure and their data factories and whatnot, their able like their back-end, their engineering team is actually the one who published Andromeda. It's kind of funny because sometimes when you look into the blog posts of Meta you can see that some of those blog posts come from the business team and some of those blog posts come from the engineering team. And Andromeda was an engineering update which means they changed something fundamentally in how the system works. And so, now again, going back to those very bad drawing, if I go now Meta, you know, Andromeda right here, what they now do is they can look through various pockets of ads or subsets of ads that all cater to like different audiences and they'll go like, "Okay, now I can analyze a bigger set of ads at a time and maybe figure out that, you know, this ad is going to be great for this little person right here which has a little one on their face. This ad right here is going to be better for this little person right here who's a two on their face." And so on and so forth. So, then it's like, now the more creatives you have in various different formats the more easily Meta can actually find you those like sub pockets of audiences which all this does is it re-emphasizes the importance of creatives first and foremost, of broad targeting which we've talked about earlier because like now the only thing you got to focus on is creatives since Meta has a stronger algorithm to match those creatives to the right people. And then, last but not least, the only true new variable is actually just creative volume. Meta's like, "Now, more than ever, we, because of AI, have a better infrastructure to process a bigger volume of ad creatives to find you those right audiences." It's the only thing that's really different with Andromeda than it was in the last 2 years. It's like, everything pointed to broad targeting, everything pointed to creatives being the focal point of the ad account. And then, now, it's just like, "Hey, you need a lot more volume than before in terms of those ad creatives." And so, having said that, the last thing I'll kind of mention is I made a video lately talking about like the one campaign structure. I was like, "I always still prone having like one campaign on my ad account, unless we have different offers or landing pages, then I'll do like one campaign per offer or landing page." But then, if not, it's going to be one single campaign. And I love this like analogy right here that I'd like to share with you, which one of my good friends and fellow YouTuber, Charlie T, has shared in a video of his that he doesn't want to be a day trader inside of an ad account. And so, that's why he also uses, you know, one campaign structure. And I wanted to like I asked GPT about this, and I also asked Gemini about this, for that matter, and every place I've asked, funnily enough, gave me the exact same response. My question was It was like a day traders versus long-term investors. And it was like, "Who's getting the best return?" In a study done by a Barber and Odean right here, which you can actually see it's like a faculty from Berkeley right here. Basically, in this was under the year 2000, it was analyzing a subset of data from 1991 to 1996. Active investors earned about 11.4% a year in returns, whereas the market was actually about 17.9%. And then, when you look into this second research done in about 2004 right here, which was like more than eight out of 10 day traders actually lose money in a 6-month period. So then, it's like, "Okay, on a 5-year horizon, when you do long-term investing, it works better. But, even on a 6-month horizon, it actually works better when you go long-term investing. And then, right here in 2020, there was this Brazilian essentially equity futures company that did do an analysis from 2013 to 2015, which was like, "Amongst investors who did invest for at least 300 days, which is about a year, 97% lost money. And those were the ones who were actively investing, doing day trading for about 300-plus days." So, then you look into this and it's like, on a 6-month time horizon, on a 12-month time horizon, and on a 5-year time horizon, day trading usually causes you to lose more money than if you did long-term investing. And I see people who are in the ad account every single day doing more than one campaign, actively turning things on and off, and like changing a gazillion things in their account as day traders. They're trying to like force their way through success, and for some of them it works, but again, because it's like, look, here, you know, on a year's time horizon, it's like, well, there's 3% who are successful. And then, when you look into a 6-month time period, it's like eight out of 10 are failing. So, it's like, well, then there's 20% who are successful in that approach. And then, it's like, okay, there is still, yes, some cases that like, it might work for some people, but for the general public and most individuals out there, this approach is just flawed. And so, now, boiling all of this down and looking into going into 2026, it's like, I implore you. Literally, what you got to focus on is this, okay? So, if you go 2026 for Meta right here, what you want to do is, first and foremost, it's like, look at this long-term, okay? Not as a day trader. So, what does that mean when you look into this long-term? It's go broad. Don't do any other types of marketing. One campaign right here only per offer or landing page, perhaps, like different product, especially if they're like very different product. So, one campaign overall, then you go creatives equals your targeting. And then the main new thing, this is really what's new with Engine Meta, is plus plus plus creatives, okay? Way more creative volume than before. And this is much easier to do now with tools like Nano Banana, which you know, we've been using a lot internally and I made several videos on the channel on how to use Nano Banana. You can also use, of course, like 11 Labs and then things like Kling and then you can use Runway and then Sora and then sub tools that use those models like Arcads or Make UGC. There's like just so many tools that you can use to help you with this, but specifically when it comes to making way more volume of static ads, I think this is actually the easiest lever for most people to pull is just to focus on an increased volume of static ads because, you know, that's what Meta is themselves have recommended with differentiated message and styling, which is very easy to do on static ads at scale and super cost-efficient. It is to use models like Nano Banana Pro. And so, having said that, I highly recommend you check out this video on how to use Nano Banana Pro to create thousands of Facebook static ads in minutes with their tool. And if you want to work with myself one-on-one to have me review your paid ads, offers, funnels, you name it, check out the link down below to join my Ad Engine 101 Inner Circle. Or if you want to have my team and I run all of your ads completely done for you, also check the description below and book in a call with my team and I at bit.ly/ad buys income. So, I wish you an amazing day and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabrielscatolini4710: Where do you find the picture of less and more diferentiaded
  2. @GuaranteedPPC: It took until this update for people to take targeting user personas individually seriously... before this, everyone just wants one ad to target everyone because it's easy... You better study your customers and why they buy so you can create different unique Ads/Ad copy for them all, or expect your d performance to continue to stagnate.
  3. @AlifLayekath: just have a question that how do yu scale up the ads after running yur first ads? what type of scaling system do yu use like increase budget or duplicating new adset or campaign after running yur 1st ads?

- Evolving Creative for Meta’s Andromeda and the Opportunity of Mobile Game Ads (Bonus Episode): Kind: captions Language: en If you've been on DTC Twitter, you've seen the apocalypse. It's here. It's coming. Andromeda, which is an awesome name, by the way. Facebook crushing the naming conventions. People are blaming Andromeda for poor performance in October right now. Is it Andromeda or do people just have less money right now? We need to either be good at making content or work with people that are good at us. You could be anywhere in the world at any size, and if you're creating great content, you can earn your way into people's for you feeds. Want to pause, take a break cuz we have a special guest. We have Kathy Sun, the VP of e-commerce from Apple 11 here to talk about Apple 11 self-serve Axon ads manager. We have actually only been around for a year. It's basically showing long-form video ads in mobile games. So, they're around 35 seconds long on average. But, we disclosed last year we were about a billion in e-commerce, 10 billion in gaming [music] spend. And I think last quarter we were growing 80% year-over-year. So, one of our advertisers that joined very recently, they're kind of like a small brand, like a two-person shop selling [music] cookware. So, we jumped in and we tried to explain all this stuff to them. Their revenue within a month jumped [music] from 12K to 130K. Apple 11 I just think it's closer to how most brands and teams are operating on Meta, which I think just gives it more familiarity. It's just me and Connor today. I don't even have to say which I guess I'll say it once. I'll say Connor McDonald, Connor Mac MD. And then after that I just It's an easy episode for me. I just get to say, "Hey Connor, what do you think about this?" Yeah, you know, we didn't Cody and I didn't realize Connor Rowland wasn't joining until about 5 minutes ago. And I was like, "Oh, I got to lock in a little bit more." I I am you know, 20% more of this podcast now relies on on my my commentary here. So, yeah, I'm ready to do it. 20% more of the podcast, 50% more of the Connors. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, 100%. >> Well, we we miss him. What's he doing? I think he's flying back to Denver. I think he was in LA for the week. He was in LA for the week. Um Did you see his Did you see his costume? He was the guy from uh I dude, I'm not familiar with Jack Black movies, but I think it was Nacho Libre. I don't I didn't know the movie, but he looked good. He looked fantastic. He looked way better than Jack Black cuz like right next to Jack Black he's like short and pudgy and Connor's like tall and jacked. He's like a evolved form of Jack Black really. >> the only feedback of the costume. Otherwise, he looked great. Yeah, yeah, yeah, 100%. How about you? You dressing up at all? Today's Halloween as we're recording this. Uh dude, I'm not I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to play by ear tonight. I might go to a party with my brother and some of his friends. I got a priest costume as a backup. >> Hey, we should I think it's sick. Do pre priest outfits underrated fits, I think. They're pretty tight with like the with the white collar. Like not like not like full not like full, you know, Catholic [laughter] Pope, but I love it. I love it. I We'll see if my wife makes me dress up. It's uh it's probably the first year my daughter will get to enjoy it. So, if I have to, I will, but we'll see. I I think though. Somebody invited me to like a 7:00 thing on their porch and I was like, "My son's going to be sleeping by 7:00." Like totally. I'm out, but yeah. All right, cool. Um today got a fun one. I I actually probably being a terrible moderator cuz I really just did the episode plan and it's a lot of my tweets. I often when you moderate you'll pick one of my tweets. Um I feel like you haven't had as many tweets lately. I think you've been actually like whether you're been moving or actually working or or going to World Series games. So, yeah. A little bit of both. Yeah, yeah. So, I picked some of mine, but I'm but I'm excited to have a conversation about them and just get your thoughts and you can tell me where I'm right and where I'm wrong. The perfect. Let's do it. Cool. Well, before we do that, as always want to thank our sponsors. Today we got a special bonus episode, so very excited. We'll have a great guest. Kathy from Apple 11 is going to join us later, but right now we want to thank our sponsors. We have Motion, Ridge Panel, Prescient AI, AfterSell, and House. Let's get into it. >> [music] >> So, I don't know about you guys, but we are fully locked in on Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and holiday sale at Hexclad. Motion is, as always, a very big part of this. We do a ton of just iterations on evergreen ads with like Black Friday sale banners. So, we're just taking literally our top-performing ads from the entire year, slapping a banner on them, and that's at least one part of our content stack for BFCM. So easy just to use Motion to look at like last 90, last 6 months, year-to-date, which ads are getting us the best efficiency, which ads are getting us the best scale. It's like a really quick and easy way to pull out report in Motion and then come up with just a bunch of overlays on your evergreen ads. That's one way we're using Motion as we head into the peak season for us. The other way we're using it is for more like instantaneous feedback. So, we're saying, "Hey, we did that, but we also shot and produced all these seasonal ads. So, which ones are performing best?" we'll iterate on those like during BFCM. So, all of this is getting powered by Motion reports. It's just the quickest, the easiest way to see what's working, what's not. Connor, how are you guys using Motion at Ridge to inform your Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and holiday ad decisions? We're in a similar headspace. We did a an exercise that I was calling a bottoms-up planning this year where we granularly looked at what worked at what times throughout, you know, late October, November, December last year. That all comes from analyzing our creative. So, we got that foundational approach of what are the things we want to be prioritizing. And then we can get into the fact of what are the new things that we want to be trying this year. And Motion really kind of led point on a lot of that analysis. Cody, how about you? Yeah, same thing. Like we'll have everybody propose their strategy and their plan, but like there should be no reason to start from scratch. Like there's no, you know, blank page, I think. You got to hit that like 80/20 of explore and exploit, but I think for for exploiting like you got to look at what's performed well. And, you know, we try to have a lot of warm-up points. Like we will have like a holiday kits launched soon. We have Labor Day. We have last Black Friday. So, we just build a report of all of them. We just see what traits perform well, anything that you can filter by naming convention. So, we don't have to start with a blank screen, and then we're able to just get more pinpointed in in our strategy hopefully each launch. And and lastly, one thing I really really appreciate about Motion is you don't need to like be this expert in how to use the tool. Like like they're very good at getting you on-boarded, getting your data ingested and connected, and then training you on it exactly how to use the tool. So, if you've been dragging your feet, it's time to get going with Motion. Head over to motionapp.com. All right. So, if anybody has been not living under a rock, if you've been on DTC Twitter, you've seen the apocalypse. It's here. It's coming. Andromeda, which is an awesome name, by the way. Like I think we have to get meta meta credit for that name. It sounds like a some some five-headed monster, but it's funny because Yeah, well, just quickly cuz I did some research on this a couple weeks ago. So, I'm not going to be able to recollect as well as I'd like, but Andromeda, they name a bunch of their internal projects off of Greek mythology. So, like the glasses are called Orion. You've got the Orion constellation. You've got Andromeda. You've got That does make sense cuz it's a badass name. Their like big uh AI cluster is another Greek mythological being or something. Um and Andromeda is some sort of woman. I'm not going to I guys remember the story. We'll have to circle back on this later, but Facebook crushing the naming conventions. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, Andro It's just so funny cuz like especially I feel So, I feel like there's DTC Twitter, and then there's like e-com Twitter, and there there's definitely overlap, but that's a little bit more of like the drop shipping affiliate type space and like the the YouTube gurus. And for some reason like they're just learning about Andromeda now and like the blaming performance right now Andromeda, which came out beginning of the year last year for some things. Um but it's obviously like don't get me wrong, it is a huge thing. I just I just find it funny that right now everybody's talking about it. a lot of people are talking about creative diversity. Um believe that's an old old wooden ship. You know, one one thing we should just make the point. And then I do want to jump into People are blaming Andromeda for poor performance in October right now. Uh you and I are always aligned on this. It pops up like every 9 months or whatever. I got a I got a great stat from our Google rep. She sent me a snapshot. The economic sentiment index has dropped to its lowest level in over 3 years while the potential of November suspension of SNAP benefits will intensify the budget crisis for essential goods shoppers. It's one of those things where it's like, "Is it Andromeda or do people just have less money right now? Are people squeezed for cash?" It feel The government's shut down for 30 days now. Like is there enough uncertainty or enough people affected that people are buying largely people are buying in essential goods on Shopify sites at a slightly lower rate? Like I would bet that's more of what it is versus this like the boogeyman of Andromeda. Absolutely. Yeah, no, I completely agree. Um Barry Haught just tweeted. Maybe we'll put it in the show notes, but Barry Haught just tweeted essentially said the same thing. Like stop blaming Andromeda. Like it's the government shutdown. Like there are so many people out of work. And obviously there were, you know, fiscal concerns ahead of that. So, yeah. No, there's I mean I don't know if you saw the Chipotle earnings yesterday. Chipotle's down like 15%. They're blaming on consumers not spending. A lot of people are blaming it Chipotle on their food quality going down. What's your take on that? Cuz I'm a Chipotle fan. Do you think they've gone down? >> I eat so much Chipotle. >> Uh Do you think they've gone down? Do you think the prices has become high relative to the value? The all The prices of everything are high, frankly. >> [snorts] >> Um uh Chipotle's still good in my book. I I have It wasn't nearly as much of a consumer 8 years ago when people I guess say it was like incredible, but I think it is a perfectly fine meal right now. I eat it all the time. Um do you ever get catering? Cuz like I always joke that if my wife was out of town for a week, I would just get Chipotle catering for a week. No, that's smart though. >> you you dude, you're you're living in LA, you're you're living the bachelor life. I don't know. Yeah, yeah, I should probably I should think about it. But I like I brought that up earlier this year. I remember there was a good um set of statistics where I think it was Cava, Chipotle, and Sweetgreen were all declining growth year-over-year or slowing growth year-over-year, something like that. And honestly, I think that consumer is a great um Like that is the type of person who's also shopping online. Like that is a predominant like you are affluent enough where you're going to Chipotle, you're not just buying Walmart groceries and and those are, you know, e-commerce is only 30% right now. We already know it's the most affluent shoppers shopping on D2C sites. And I think there's just a lot of overlap between that online buyer and the Chipotle, Cava, Sweetgreen customer. And when all those restaurants are slowing year-over-year, I think it's a good indicator for how the rest of the D2C ecosystem might be feeling. Yeah, yeah. No, I agree with that. And and uh I think they said it's it's younger consumers and you know, it's like the 25 to 35 range is really where it seems to be tapped out or struggling the most. Totally. The one thing I said I don't know if you ever saw that tweet. I'm a I'm a big Chipotle fan, but there was like one guy who went to like 40 different Chipotles and ordered the same thing. He got like 40 burritos. Did you see that one? And he like compared them and they were like wildly different. Yeah, well, the Chipotle by my house in Salt Lake was wildly wildly inconsistent. I once got a salad and they put the the salad on top. They put the lettuce on top. Um like they just they had no idea what they were doing. And then you would go into the store and they'd give you a completely different they'd really take care of you. So, Chipotle um can be experienced in many different ways across locations, across in-store, delivery, etc. but I'm bullish. I like the the the the steak bowls are good. Yeah. So, glad we got that out of the way. The economy sucks. We can complain about it all day. Obviously, like it's it's important. Like brands need to know it. Like don't fire your agencies, fire your team because the economy sucks. Like it is a lot harder and don't get me wrong, the standards are are higher. But we we have to be realistic about it. That being said, there's nothing we can do about that. So, let's talk about what we love to talk about. Absolutely. Give us the summary. Like what's your take on these changes? Just like give the the listener who maybe is less informed understanding what Andromeda is, when it came out, why everyone is freaking about it right now freaking out about it right now. Yeah, totally. Um we covered this back in I it was like April, I believe, is when we first did our podcast on it, which basically shows you kind of the the latency between D2C Twitter and e-com Twitter, maybe. The big difference with Andromeda is that they they've released this new more efficient AI engine so that they think they can reference more creative in the ad auction to better match creative with the user. And their point was that they are able to improve ad match quality because of that. And it was something like they were improve improving ad match quality 8% by being able to reference more creative. Now, what the reps will tell you and what the Meta organization will tell you is that because of this change, um the importance of a large amount of diverse creative is more important than ever because now Meta's actually utilizing that in order to serve ads to consumers. So, everybody is now that is like the goal of Andromeda. That is the guidance around how your creative strategy can change. And that is what people are freaking out about right now. So, so practically, what does this look like? What do brands need to do different? Like let's let's get into that or is there any more that you want to share on like the actual underpinnings or cuz there are other changes. There's like gem and lattice and stuff like that. I don't understand it all. My my understanding is just all of this AI, tons of compute thrown at it, and it's just like you need more ads than ever before and you need more different ads than ever before. Right. That's And I think that is as far as like the the important parts of what you need to understand, I think that's more or less it. Yeah, and I I think people have been talking about creative diversity for a while, right? For a year, maybe 2 years. And I I don't feel like it's ever been um super well defined and I feel like with these conversations that people have been having, we're getting closer to that. Of defining what that actually looks like. I also think the big difference I mean, look, I'm sure you guys have been in the same bucket, but the problem with hey, you need diverse creative and we would produce all this creative and it just maybe wouldn't get spend, right? So, so at least the way that I would connect those my experience so far with what Meta is now telling me is like, yeah, a year and a half ago when we were producing a bunch of creative, their ad matching engine was not utilizing the entire catalog of ads in order to serve it to a person. It would be, you know, for the sake of simplicity and efficiency, they would focus on a subset of your ads and then match those with users. So, theoretically, I completely understand, hey, if they are way better at utilizing the catalog, now diversity can actually be utilized at a higher rate and we will benefit from that. So, again, I I think it's all a little TBD. All right, my media buyers will say, hey, we're still kind of not seeing much ad spend get get floated down to the account across this like long tail of ads. Um but it seems as if from a technical perspective, Meta is continuing to invest in this future of massive ad selection and now they are better utilizing all of that. Yeah. The and the one thing that I think everyone seems to be freaking out about and I I I think for good reason and people starting to come around to is the what constitutes a different ad in Meta and to be to be considered different. My understanding of it, and I know nothing about AI and models, is like there are so many ads and there's so much that is Meta's throwing at it and like they're just going to bucket things together as kind of the same ad if they think it doesn't really change the um really though, it's all going back to like the bare auction outcome. It's kind of like if we don't think that this small headline change or even a uh a different visual but with the same offer and the same messaging is going to really change the auction dynamics or like the engagement or the potential conversion rate, we're going to bucket that together and I think that saves them compute and that can kind of say, hey, we don't really have to scan those. We can put resources on other advertisers, other auctions, other bigger swings. So, I think that's the thing that like I was personally very shocked to learn and I think I've been thinking about this a lot and and and advising my team to make ads that look different, right? That if you're doing statics, don't just do, hey, I'm going to do the same image with a different headline. Like I want to do a different ad. I'm like if we're going to change the image, like let's change it more different. But I think like some of those things that either have different message like one like you can have the same ad, one's about a sale, one's about, you know, a feature. Meta buckets those together even though you're like, those are actually we're saying different things because they look similar. Or if you have the similar headline, doesn't have to be the same, similar, right? Like feel great, right? And you have a white background with a grid format and then you have a blue background with a different format. Off not always, but Meta is often saying that those are also a very similar ad. Yeah. And I think [clears throat] that has blown people's minds a little bit. Totally. Um Yeah, look, and I think everybody's still trying to like wrap their minds around what it means to be creative divert creatively diverse and how do you like operationalize that and action that? Uh we were talking about this internally it cuz I think it's helpful is we're we're thinking it more we're thinking about it more from the perspective of what does content look like that people often consume. Like um and I was just I was just making this point. I think we're like over indexing and maybe this segues nicely into one of your points, but like we'll we'll over index quite a bit on performance UGC. Lot of well-done, quick-cutting UGC. Only only some percentage of the Instagram platform actually consumes content that looks like that. So, we should be thinking and we actually have many examples of this, too. Um we'll try things that look like headlines from articles, right? The like uh did you know style uh blocks and then it'll have a big headline like it's breaking news, something like that. That is a new format. That is a very consistently consumed style of content across Instagram and I think creatively diverse. And then if you're put in that mindset, memes are another one. Like memes are different than news articles, are different than UGC, are different than um you know, like beautiful static ads that like people really like consuming. So, I think it's almost like we're thinking ad first. Like, okay, I am the ad strategist. How do I create diversity? And that can be a little bit overwhelming thinking about it more from the perspective of what are people consuming? Has at least been helpful for our internal processes. Is it is this a shift? Like are you is this a shift where you think best practice was or it was it worked to think what ads should we create for this product and shifting to what is social what is organic content that people are consuming in that demo? Is that is that a shift that you guys are making or you think it should have always been done this way? Oh, yeah. No, it's a good question. I mean, it's probably it it probably Well, look, here here's the question. I don't I don't I don't have a an answer, but historically, pre-Andromeda, if you created extremely diverse content in the way that I just described, going content first instead of like, I like the way that you phrased it, ads for a product first, um would would Meta serve budgets across that different content? The answer's like sometimes it would, sometimes it wouldn't. So, I don't know what I would have considered best practice or if we should have been doing something differently. Our strategy has like I think objectively worked to some degree. Um so, I'm not like, oh my god, we've been missing the ball. It's like, but we need to be in the mindset of how are we continuing to evolve with content consumption online and ad algorithms online and like how and and, you you to your points around just reaching net new people, we need to be in that mindset and I think these all kind of are pointing in that direction. Lately, every marketer I talk to says the same thing. The pressure's on, budgets are tight, goals are higher than ever, and I have to prove what's working, not just report it. That's the new reality of marketing. You can't afford to rely on guesses or platform reported results. You need clear, unbiased, causal proof of what's actually driving growth, and that's exactly where Haus comes in. Incrementality testing is the scientific way to measure true impact. It is the most unbiased way to understand true impact, to see what's moving the needle and what's just noise, so you can reallocate spend based on fact, not faith. All of the marketing operators use Haus for their incrementality testing at Hexclad, Jones Road, Beauty and Ridge, and it's becoming a core part of the modern measurement stack. Haus helps you run real experiments across your channels you can answer questions that actually matter, like, which channels are truly driving incremental revenue and which are just taking credit? How much should I really be spending on Meta, Google, and YouTube? What's the halo effect of ads on Amazon or retail sales? And how should I structure my campaign so every dollar goes towards real, measurable impact? What sets Haus apart is the combination of unbiased, rigorous science, and marketer-friendly design. The math under the hood is very complex, but the platform itself is very, very simple. You choose your question, you launch your test in minutes, and you get clear, actual results you can actually use. Plus, every customer, every brand gets a dedicated measurement strategist, and I will tell you what, the Haus measurement strategist team is very dialed in. They are very strategic helping you set these tests up in a way where you're going to get statistically significant results that are actionable. And ultimately, there's someone who has lived in the world of growth and they know how to translate data into strategy, interpret the results, and build a repeatable culture of experimentation across your team. In a world where every marketing dollar is under a microscope, you need to know what's real. Measure what matters with Haus by going to haus.io/operators. That's haus.io/operators. And start allocating your budget with confidence. All right, so I have a list. I tweeted about this this morning, had a newsletter on it. I just have been thinking a lot about this as I plan. So, I'm going to read it. Just stop me for feedback where you agree, where you disagree. But I think I think this goes nicely together. >> Could you share your screen? Yeah, let me do that. You guys seeing this? I'm seeing it. All right, cool. So, all right, I want to start this with number five. To me, this is like where it starts, the underpinning. I think, and this is not like, you know, I'm I I spend most of my time thinking about Jones Road. So, this is not like, oh, Jones Road is doing this great, everyone's bad. Like, this is like, Jones Road is doing this bad and we need to get better. We have to evolve. But I think this is true for Jones Road and this is true for a lot of brands. I think social has changed so much, right? And and I think a lot of teams haven't adapted or evolved. I think so many teams, again, this is this is Jones Road, are stuck it a little bit still in like the the feed-based follower era of Instagram that was pre-TikTok. Mhm. And you created content and it was mostly served to your followers. And, you know, I think there's just a different style of content that works. It's a different place in the funnel. People are consuming platforms different It was a little bit more social media or something else, but, you know, where where they wanted to see what brands had to say and things like that. And with TikTok, every platform is TikTok. Like, I think sometimes people will talk about TikTok and they'll they'll be like, make big TikToks, not not ads, you know, like, followers don't matter. And and they'll kind of like so like organic social teams will do that. And then when they get to Instagram, they'll have a very different approach. And I'm not like, don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. Like, there's still value in doing like some more branded stuff on Instagram and like having a brand presence, but I think every platform that ha almost every platform has a short-form vertical video algorithmically generated feed Mhm. that shows content to people that engage with it that are not necessarily followers. And you can look and and you can look at some brands or celebrities that have millions of followers that get very few views. And I think TikTok is the the most extreme example of this where you can have millions of followers and get almost no views or, you know, vice versa. I've seen some people stand up like Instagram accounts quickly and just make this like super socially native, engaging content, get millions of views on it with like 2,000, you know, followers. I So, I just I just think that is the platform and the algorithm. And it's I'm sure there are differences, but it's not that dissimilar between organic and paid. And people I think what it means, we'll talk about next, but I think people are going to be served content, whether it's an ad or an organic post, um that they engage with, that the algorithm thinks they're going to engage with, right? And no one is seeing the same feed. It's just like whole like monoculture thing is dead. Or it used to be like back 40 years ago, maybe even 20 years ago, it's like, you do a TV ad, everyone sees the same media, there's no personalization, right? And now we're in like the complete other end of the spectrum where it's hyper-personalization at scale. That's like a a term Meta uses a lot. And again, it's true on organic and paid. And I think that is like the real underpinning behind this creative [snorts] differentiation. And it really it's it's style content goes into everything, but it's really who are you creating content for and it's going to be served to people that engage with it versus your followers. Right. Okay, so I think this is an interesting point. One, I totally agree. You know, the the For You feed For You feed For You feed is is a massive shift in social media consumption that happened many years ago at this point. I do think what you're describing and the way that I've been thinking about it, too, is it's forced organic social to be more competitive. You You You previously had almost a captive audience. If I had 100,000 followers and I just posted on my feed and the feed the follower base, I would get distribution and I didn't have to compete nearly as much with other people. Now, it's democratized it a little bit. You could have You could You could start an account today and go viral if you had the right post. Totally. And it's what I joke all the time, dude. I think I think organic social especially like Instagram, um Reels, people are so incredibly good, it's unbelievable. Like Like, just random people in in rural flyover states are making like incredible content because it is Yeah, it's democratized. You could be anywhere in the world at any size, and if you're creating great content, you can earn your way into people's For You feeds. And that has forced content creators to take a more performance lens to things. I think organic social's also become more analytical, right? Um and you can definitely see that with with with some things like YouTube where the random creator's thinking about retention rates and click-through rates and things like that. Um so, I agree with all of this. One point, I think you make it in a different tweet, you say, you guys want to be creating content that gets shared and prioritizing that. Tho- Those these two observations, um you know, creating more content for the For You feed, and then in another thought, you said creating content, ad content in this context, that gets shared, those feel very connected. Would you agree? Yeah, I I think so cuz I think good content is good content. And, you know, you talked about the the social feed is more competitive. Like, that's true across organic and paid, you know? And I think there there should be at least what I've noticed is our best ads, our best performing ads that we can scale the hardest, there is and this is maybe a controversial take in direct response land. There is value in those ads outside of buying something, if you know what I mean. Like, there's some either humor, relatability, education, something like that, entertainment that is of the content outside of ads. And I think the stuff that is just selling, it's outside of like a bottom-of-funnel static, right? I'm talking like top-of-funnel video content, there's there's some value in that. And I think it's obviously a good algorithmic signal, but it's a good algorithmic signal because people are are liking it and Meta's looking at that. This reminds me a little bit of like, you know, David Herman's a big proponent of with a very small percentage of your budget, leave on the ads that are getting good engagement rates despite maybe not having a high ROAS, which is which is kind of what we're saying. And I think the future's definitely some mix. Ridge in the in the past is for sure exclusively focused on the content that's generating ROAS on a measurable basis. Um I do think best-case scenario would be some amount of the account focused on shareability, engagement, because there is value created outside of your one-day click ROAS. Yeah, absolutely. Totally agree. But what But what I do think is I think there's a lot of fantastic content that gets really high engagement that's not generating intent and and isn't creating all that much value. That's why I I do think best-case scenario for someone like Ridge is it's it is a single-digit percentage of budget going to this like engagement-first approach because a lot of the time when we're spending money on Meta, we want to be trying to generate intent. So, at least from Ridge's perspective, we want to be we want to be um far and away uh focused on the the intent-generating content. Yeah, yeah. No, I absolutely agree. And if we were looking at some of the content, I'm thinking like, we had some partnership ads where like, you know, a a girl said, um or like a mom said her kid just woke up for a nap, just woke up from a nap, and like she had 5 minutes to do makeup, but it was there there was just some emotion to that that you could kind of feel that like was relatable to a parent, right? Even though it was like and then she's using product and it's selling, you know? It's just like there's some emotion that it's invoking rather than just buy this thing. So, I agree with you. You can go Yeah. There there's a Venn diagram and and the overlap is probably smaller than I'm making it out to be. But I think the point is there is an overlap. It's not organic here and and DR here. Like there is more of an overlap. Um that that I think needs to happen. And then this goes to my next point. So you know how like this is going to be one of those like statements that you're probably going to be like, yes, like where have you been? Like you've been sleeping? You know how like Mark Andreessen says software is eating the world? Like for our world creator is eating the world. Mhm. We're just we're in the creator era. We've been in it, but like we're very much in the creator era. I think brands are not uniquely positioned to succeed in this era. I think there there there are some, don't get me wrong. And I think the most successful brands and you obviously see creators turn into brands, you know? But I think brands either need to have that engine. It was like 5 years ago when everyone's like, yeah, you have to be a media company. And everyone tried to have their like, you know, Into the Gloss version. It's just like everything obviously for for a consumer brand is is is audience and is is attention. But creators are where all the attention is going. It's not going to your your your press, right? It's not going to TV screens. It's going to these screens and feeds. And you know, we need to either be good at making content or work with people that are good at. So I think that's why partnership ads are working well. But I think that's why I also think this like direct response UGC from these agencies like I again, I'm I think it's dead or dying. I know it still works for some people, but I think I think I think we're in the creator era and I think we used to be in this era where we were in the editor era, right? Where I know you've talked about it. I know Taylor Holiday even said it like that like your highest paid person on your marketing team should be an editor. I'm not saying there's no value in having a a great creative library and being able to make assets, but I think with these Andromeda changes, there's just there's there's a ceiling on it that's a lot lower than it used to be. What's your thoughts on that? Do you Well, let me I have one question here. Uh do you think brands are not well suited to win in the creator era? And is that because content consumption has moved away? Like it will just be hard to drive volume from a single brand profile? Or do you think it's just that brands internally are are not as good at creating content in the way that they need? The latter. I think I think I think both, but the latter is just like not as much native in their DNA. No, again, some it is. Some some it is and then and they crush, you know? Whether they're a Feastables type creator brand, you know, started by a creator like those brands I think are are uniquely positioned, or whether it's just somebody who just really gets it. Mhm. But I I think the majority of like DTC brands, DTC 2.0 brands, it's not their native instinct. Yeah, totally. Um what I would say, at least how how I'm We we have a listing out we're hiring director of social at Ridge. We haven't had an organic social person for 2 years. Um it's going to be a it's going to be a a new hire director level. I'm super excited about it. And what's funny and how it's very related here is like it almost the way it's specked out is it's almost going to be like a performance role. Like it is it is about you're going to have to have the chops to create great content. We're going to have someone curating a beautiful feed. It is how are we getting distribution on these organic channels? The way that I see all these coming together is like I think a big part of this role will be harnessing the power of a larger set of creators. I think we're And and many people are already here, right? But like the best organic social strategy is not necessarily creating content as a brand and posting on social. It's really like seeding a bunch of product and having 100, 200, 300 people who will speak about your brand in an organic way. And the reason why I still think there's a lot of value to extract from like the editor perspective is they the best brand strategy is many times just aggregating that content, re-editing it, and then sharing it via ads and social and and things like that. So where we are incredibly aligned is that the best way to create content right now is at the creator level and in a more distributed way. You're going to get more distribution that way. You're going to get better content that way. And I believe the best content strategy for Ridge, for for our profiles, will really just be repurposing a lot of that content. Okay. Yeah, I was going to ask about that. Like if you see that person working very closely with your paid team and you see more more more overlap than maybe like in years past. Um historically there was essentially no overlap. And next year I imagine them working extremely closely together. Mhm. Yeah, yeah. I mean I think we agree with a lot of it. And again, I'm not saying don't do mashups and edit all that stuff together. I just think there is only so much you can get out of it these days. And and and really the the 80/20 is in the creator content. Yeah. Uh to total alignment there. So what's uh So so you're looking at it from building the team, things like that. Completely agree. I could even see a world where there's actually one creative strategist. And I think that's a crazy thing to say. Obviously look at our size, we need multiple. But it's actually like Cuz think about the majority of creative strategy for for for growth teams is being done for Meta. Not all of it, but and it's social. And I think it's where you guys have done a good job. I believe you guys have creators as your creative strategist, right? Like people that have some Tik Tok following. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And did you do I don't want to put your words in your mouth. Did you do that because you were like, hey, it's easier to teach somebody who knows content, short-form social content, ads than it is to teach somebody who knows ads content? Yes, absolutely 1,000%. And I've seen this mentioned too, where it's like, you know, everything's moving towards content. You made that point earlier. Media buyers trying to become content strategist. And some will totally be able to do it, but I think the way more natural progression is somebody who's already getting Across our team, we've got like in aggregate of 4 million or 5 million followers. It's like the team knows how to create content. They also very much they consume a lot of content and they consume it through a strategic lens. So taking that knowledge and expertise and just putting it through the like, hey, now we need to create content that generates intent to purchase this product is is a much easier gap to bridge than trying to get somebody who's never created content before, doesn't post on social, and try to get them making content or briefing out content that's going to be compelling. Black Friday, you're about to crush it. The real job is keeping that momentum going past Black Friday, past holiday, and all the way into next year. Prussian helps brands turn peak season wins into predictable, profitable velocity. Powered by a suite of proprietary machine learning models and a causality first validation layer, Prussian reveals what actually drove lift. It combines surveys, it combines multi-touch attribution, and incrementality. And then it forecasts where your next dollar media will drive real incremental profit. Top brands like Coterie, Guess, HexClad, Jones Road Beauty, Mary Ruth, and many more are using Prussian to quantify halo effects across Shopify, Amazon retail, so their teams know exactly where to reinvest. So, what actual questions can Prussian help you answer? Let's dig into it a little bit. Question number one, do I need to increase, decrease, or reallocate spend for the shopping season? Prussian shows the optimal media mix to drive the strongest Q4 performance, whether your budget grows or shrinks. Question number two, where should I put additional Q4 budget? Prussian delivers recommendations based on current BFCM dynamics, your vertical, and your optimal ad spend allocation. Question number three, can Prussian measure cross-channel effects, especially between Shopify and Amazon? Yes, Prussian uniquely tracks halo effects and ad impact across both platforms, revealing where to dial back and where to double down. This is actually one of the very first problems that HexClad onboarded with Prussian to solve is understanding the total impact across both dot com and Amazon over ad spend. Prussian's models are benchmarked against $6 billion in ad spend, so the recommendations you are getting aren't just theory. They've actually been tested against billions of real media dollars. And if you are ready to see where your next dollar media will drive profit, visit prussian.ai.com/operators to forecast your growth with Prussian. So I mean a lot of this a lot of my my my takes here are just things that you're already doing. Either that you're thinking about or or already doing. So I think it's interesting that we're like getting to it at different times and points. And and also getting getting to it slightly differently, but I find it interesting and and telling that like we're we're kind of coming to very similar conclusions, you know, at the same time. Yeah, yeah. No, I had this it was I mean it was probably 2 years ago now, 2 and 1/2 years ago, where we were hiring for a No, no, no. I mean frankly like um No, no, no. There's we're probably split 50/50. Like we're still super DR UGC focused. We are somewhere in between like creator era and editor era. We're like right in between there. But um I was really blown away. I think we were hiring for an organic social role a couple years ago, and we didn't end up hiring for it. We ended up hiring a creative strategist instead. And I was blown away by the quality of creators that were applying. And that was like the lightbulb moment for me where I was like, oh, this this is the skill set we want to be hiring for. Um or it's just a fantastic indicator of who we can train up internally. They're relatively They were relatively junior roles at the time um to actually become like a high-performing creative strategist. I love that. No, I think that's great. I I love that. I've been thinking a a lot about that. Um cuz I feel like that's like it's like putting your money where your mouth is. It's like if you believe in creator, not only is are you working with creators, but you're actually making a creator like a leadership position in your company. >> Right. Totally. And I I mean obviously you guys did that with with Mark as and stuff like that. And I know you're you're learning content from him as well. But like I think that's just like such a great way to put your money where your mouth is and and really being creator first. And we can do an entire episode not just paid social on like how to lean into creator. Like we're having, you know, we're you'll see a lot of brands doing it, but we're doing we're doing product collabs with creators, you know? Like like I think I think the era of celebrity partnerships is, you know, is is is still going to happen, but I think creator partnerships is going to, you know, obviously be a a bigger thing. So, do you um foresee Jones Road hiring a creator to create content for you internally? So, uh here I was at the meta Yeah. Um potentially, yes. Okay. Cuz I was just going to say like we haven't we haven't gotten there at all. We have creators on the team, but they're in strategy roles briefing out to other people creating content. And at some point we probably make that jump, and I'm just curious where you sit on it. Yeah, here's here's where I'm at. We're testing something right now. Uh by the way, this will be I think we have Jaymo from VaynerMedia on next week. Bobby and I know Gary a little, and he's been I have like a bunch of friends from like high school that work for him. And so, we have a good relationship, and occasionally he'll share some advice. And and we were chatting social lately, and like his whole thing is is brandformance, which is like very the similar hypothesis, but they'll just see whatever does well organically. And and what I don't know, I can ask we can ask Jaymo is whether they actually just run that as an ad or they're like take those insights, make it a little bit more DR, but it's that's like a lot of their hypothesis and and kind of like teaching. So, that'll be interesting. So, we were at we were at the meta performance roadshow like a month ago, maybe 6 weeks ago. And do you know that um like the new product where you can see like what reels are trend or what topics of reels are trending in your space? I was like, I wish I had a full-time creator or two that just sees that and is working 40 hours a week and just like makes makes reels and just like puts it up in the account. Like no approvals, no anything. Cuz cuz like I think a lot of times like brands' organic social teams, right? They're they're doing everything in Asana. There's multiple rounds of edits, stuff like that. Like that's not how social should be done. But like that's also how a lot of agencies are. Like if you think about these UGC agencies in quotes, like there's there's pre-production meetings, there's scripts, there's approval by committee where it's like the agency sometimes are making edits that the brands are asking them to make not for performance reasons. And then there's also so many hypotheses or opinions of you got to change this, got to change this, and it's like let's just let performance dictate, you know? And I think it's like it's it's a very slow workflow. And it's like it's, you know, I find that content like not produced enough to be brand building, right? But not like like too produced to like Yeah. So, I think you should go higher low is like one of my other thoughts. Okay, I like this point a lot. I think that's a good one. And look, I think on this I think me, you, and Connor are all in the boat of the like I don't think we're like bureaucratic or like over operationalized, but like we're way more in that realm. You know what it reminds me of a little bit? Also extremely early to this trend is Oliver from Tabs Chocolate, who's now doing Boss Box. >> Is I mean that was at least 3 years ago, three or four years ago. He was like, "Look, I have dozens of creators. They all have individual brand pages on TikTok." So, they all look like, from a consumer perspective, like they are posting from the Tabs Chocolate TikTok, but there's no approvals. Those people were just on retainer and then a small CPM bonus based on the views that they drove. And that's kind of the future that you're talking about. It's just like just solve it in mass, and then I don't think Tabs Chocolate got to the point of running ads um probably at some point, but you can imagine a future where you've produced so much content that re-ingesting that through the official brand page, through the official brand ad account is much easier, and you have a lot to work with. And that is uh that is a that is a kind of workflow of content creation that I don't think all that many brands are tapped into. Yeah, so and so so that's what we're going to before I'm going to hire two creators cuz again, I don't know if that's the move. Um what I'm doing it cuz I was essentially thinking about that, and then with TikTok Shop a lot of people are doing that on TikTok Shop, right? Where like they'll they'll see TikTok Shop creators, you know? The reason why I think that's the style of content is first of all, it's social, right? It's on TikTok. But also there's some level of sales and persuasion that these creators know. Right. >> And then they'll run it GMV max, and whatever performs well they'll then take that over to meta, right? Like that's a perfect work stream. We're just not on shop and don't want to be. So, I found essentially a version of uh you know, I intro'd you to the other day a version of uh of Oliver. There's just these like cracked kids who just have like TikTok Shop Discords and WhatsApps of like hundreds of creators. I have no idea how they find them, but like we're going to sound so old saying this. And so, we're we're testing it, and you can get a lot of content very cheap. And we we launched the stuff yesterday. So, I don't know how it's doing it, but I am as impressed with this stuff compared to almost anything we've gotten from any of these like UGC agencies. And but the thing is it's cheaper, right? And it's also like lower lift. Like we didn't brief it, we didn't script it, we didn't edit. Like we got content, and we put it up, and I think it's A, volume is super important, but also like we're not making all of these variations. Like we're getting one video, we're getting two video, but they're like different videos from each creator. We're not like, "Hey, we need, you know, four concepts with four hooks, and we're going to take 2 weeks to edit them." It's just like boom, give us stuff today, they post it, it goes up. Yeah. So, that's what we're doing. No, I I I like that a lot. Um I think it's a good strategy. I think it's super aligned. It it's really interesting. Um we're all in the same bucket. But like not only are we talking about something are the people that you're talking about, are they posting on their own channels or they're just delivering content? We are not we're just getting content cuz we're not on shop. So, but you definitely could. That would just be a different strategy. Um and I also yeah, I wonder how much correlation you would have. Like I wonder if you could save creative testing costs by seeing what actually does well organically first, and then like not launching as much paid Potentially. I like and and that make it makes total sense conceptually. It goes back to my earlier point where I'm like, "I do worry about I think there's stuff that would do decently from an organic perspective, but might generate intent at such a high rate that you're actually just better off promoting it." You know what I mean? There's almost like a sweet spot of like gets enough engagement, but is salesy enough that it's a fantastic ad, but might not have like gone viral in the feed. Yeah, no. I mean I agree. Even with partnership ads, like we'll do a lot of like, you know, paid influencer work, and run that as a partnership ad. And we haven't found a good correlation between like what does well as an organic reel. Like something will will will will will do great there and won't do great as an ad, and vice versa. So, I agree. Um and then so so here's this is a test. If this works, we're going to scale it up. Like it's a super easy thing to do and just and just scale up and find more creators to do. Uh number two, I want to hire one of the successful creators as like a freelance creative strategist. So, uh I think you guys have done this well. I think like um Alejandro from Mott & Bow has done this really well where like he has a pod, and he'll have a creative strategy pod by different product. Mhm. I want to do it by persona. Like I want to hire one of the creators and and and have her on retainer as a creative strategist. And so, anytime we have a launch, it's like, "Okay, you're a mom you're a creator who's a mom, help us come up first make content, and then also come up with all of the things we should be saying to moms for this, you know?" And then if we have a busy professional instead of our next one, like let me find somebody in that. That's like my thing, which is kind of similar to what you've done for your creative strategy team. But at the persona level, which makes which makes total sense. Um Yeah, look. I I think you're totally right. I think we'll talk about this way more over the next year. Have you heard any of the interviews from Hudson at Comfort? No, I met him once, and it was like pretty early, and and I know a little bit of the strategy. Um tell me more about And then and then one last thing, and then I want to hear I want to hear cuz it seems like they're they're like the best of us. >> Well, that that that's all I'm going to say is they they just they do the TikTok Shop affiliate route to incentivize people to create content. They do it at massive volume. I've heard they have hundreds of thousands of people signed up as TikTok Shop affiliates. Uh and and then and then they are just producing such mass content that they're able to repurpose across Snapchat, things like that. Like he's just absolutely nailed extremely high volume content. You get everything you could possibly have under the sun. You get a handful of great ads on that, and that feeds like awesome paid strategy. Um and I think that's an extremely modern way of doing it. Yeah, no, dude. Um when we were at Beanstalk, like Shawn organized a brunch, and there were a few guys there doing similar things, and it's just it's just wild. And I think you know how like when we started in D2C and like meta ads were like the arbitrage, and we looked at these like older brands doing like, you know, radio ads and TV, and like we thought they were old. I think that's how these guys look at us. Oh, for sure. Yeah, yeah. No, 100%. Um I've Yeah, yeah. Someone called this old heads on Twitter recently, and I was like, "Yeah, that's that's accurate." We're about to be called unk. What you're also describing um is very like Wopp adjacent. Yeah. And like Wopp is it was introduced to me as a clipping platform early on, which was like you would have a the equivalent of Discord. The community actually live in Wopp, but like you would be feeding them content, they'd be clipping it out, they'd be sharing it, you'd be getting new variations and distribution that way. But Wopp's also moved into actual just UGC content creation, which is exactly what you've described. So, Oh, I didn't know. I feel like SaaS is actually ahead here. Like like obviously there's like Chloe and all that stuff. Like I feel like SaaS is actually probably doing this better than like a lot of CPG. Dude, B2B I think I think Connor and I had a conversation around this earlier this year because B2B SaaS is the most interesting I think a lot of it comes from uh actually some of the crypto stuff or the gambling stuff are like they end up doing some of the most interesting um marketing strategies right now. It's all organic driven because you can't, you know, there's more limitations on what you can say and do when you're promoting gambling on meta or whatever. Um, but just because of that they they've there's a lot of these like really interesting case studies. So, um yeah, I think we could be learning from the the B2B SaaS guys. Yeah. And then and then last thing and and um like he always does Taylor Holiday, you know, had some pushback on this tweet. And and I I I might agree with this part. I hate to say it and I also owe him a rebuttal cuz he him and Andrew Ferris sub-tweeted me on on a pod. So, we got to get to that one soon. Um, but he said he was like how does having like a full-time creator get you to differentiated creative? And that's my only thing I don't know about is like I don't know if we want to pay, you know, let's say I'm just going to say 7K a month if you know, if I have 7K a month, I don't know if it is the most effective to have that go to one person to get 40 reels. It might be better to take that 7K across a bunch of different people. I don't know. Um, I think maybe some combination of each. Yeah, for sure. I mean, if the goal is exclusively creative diversity, one person's probably not the right way to go. But there's so much value if they are creative like you have to think, right? Creative diversity is good. But at the end of the day like the best Jones Road I'm trying to think. Like um creative diversity is good, but it's not as if the the optimal scenario is an evenly distributed set of diverse creative that you have [clears throat] 10% of this, 10% of this, 10% of this. For Jones Road, it's going to be I don't you know, I don't know exactly what it is. But you'll over-index in a certain type of creative that just does better for your largest swath of of customers and potential customers. Um, and having a creator who's really good at producing for that person it's totally worth paying 7K a month for 40 reels a week. Yeah, exactly. Cuz it's not that's not our that's 5% of our creative resources. Yeah, exactly. You know, for a month. It's not It's not like that. So, yeah, I think from a budget but if you're starting out, right? Should you be hiring a full-time creator? Probably not. But you can also make the argument you actually don't need that much creative diversity if you're just starting out. You just need content. Yeah, absolutely. So, I remember like right around Christmas time when most people should probably normal people were like off taking that taking their time chilling with family. I was like looking through our P&L, our budget for next year and I was like how are we going to save money? And one things I did is I leaned all out of our partners and I remember slacking Ameet from RichPanel and I was like what can you do? How can you help us? We had just switched to RichPanel few months before, went really well. And I I told him jokingly by the way, I want to throw it out there jokingly, that if he could help cut about 500K from our customer service cost, I'd get a RichPanel tattoo. Well, we did that. You've probably seen the tweet. He did some AI thing of me with a neck neck tattoo. I'm not going to do it. Sorry Ameet, but I will talk about how much I love RichPanel and how much Ameet has helped us. So, we had 18 support agents before. It was a lot and it just was not scalable. We had so many people. We had this like old legacy software. It was slow, it was broken, it was expensive and it just took too many people to operate. So, we not only made the switch, but Ameet and his team really helped us. Now we have eight people and we have a much better CSAT score. Our numbers are way better. Our response times are way quicker. We're leveraging a lot of automation, a lot of AI, but again has not hurt customer experience. We track and I get a weekly report of our CSAT, of all of our stuff, of our NPS and it's going up cuz we're actually able to get back to people, get people better answers. Uh, the the automation learns from our best agents. So, it just continually is getting better. We switched to RichPanel about 2 weeks before Black Friday. Might be a crazy thing to do, but it was super easy. We came out of Black Friday for the first time in 3 years with no ticket backlog. The software and support has blown us away. I highly recommend you switch. If you do it and they save you a lot of money, you should probably get a tattoo, but it's not something my wife would let me get away with. But yeah, if you're running an e-commerce brand, I highly recommend you switch to RichPanel. You'll be able to leverage their software, save money on software costs, which is great, while saving a significant amount of money on personal costs. So, if you want to go into Q4 with a leaner, smarter support setup and come out of there without this crazy ticket backlog, just make your CX team happier, go to richpanel.com/demo. Tell them Cody from Marketing Operations sent you and tell them you're ready to get a tattoo. All right. Well, that was fun, Cody. That was a good conversation. Creative got me flowing, got me got my juices flowing, a lot of ideas. But want to pause, take a break cuz we have a special guest with a special sponsor segment. We have Kathy Sun, the VP of e-commerce from AppLovin here to talk about AppLovin Axon. They just released their uh self-serve Axon ad manager, which is open to anyone with a referral code, which we have. It's uh it's a long one, so we'll make sure we put it in the show notes. Uh, DM us if you need it. But Kathy, thank you so much for joining us. Yeah, thank you. Really happy to be here. I always thought I'd be on this podcast at some point. I'm glad we were able to make it happen. Yeah. I'm glad you chose this one over operators. That's all I got to say. >> Um, but yeah, really excited to be here. Big big news. AppLovin uh Connor and I both been spending for over a year, but you guys have obviously been making a lot of progress, a lot of making a lot of waves and is now available self-serve and to everybody with a referral code. Um, again, we'll we'll share the code. It's a it's a long one, but if you need um highly recommend getting on on AppLovin. Uh, Kathy, my first question for you, what is Axon? What is Axon? Axon is uh the name for our new self-serve platform. It's AppLovin as everyone knows, but to the extent that people are not yet aware and you know, we we have actually only been around for a year. It's basically it's showing long-form um video ads in in mobile games. So, they're around 35 seconds long on average and you imagine yourself you're playing a game, you're playing 5-10 minutes and then there's a you start a new game, there's going to be a longish ad in there that you can then watch and then to the point that if you want to buy something, you click and then there's a deterministic match to a purchase that happens on your website. So, um I'm happy to show an example if that would be helpful to people. Let's do it. Okay. >> really be watching more ads on this show, Cody. And it's embarrassing that this only happens once in a blue moon. I have no idea [clears throat] what's going to pop up. So, um let's see. So, can can you guys see my screen? Yes. And we should describe we're looking at a mobile solitaire game. Yes. So, we're looking at this game. Um, I will actually share you guys a link to it. It's it's uh an indie game developer. Um, a friend of uh someone on the team built this, but it only shows e-com ads. So, I think that helps a little bit. But you can see it's a pretty basic solitaire game. You're trying to get some points here. I have 100,000 points and here it's if I uh if I click this and I can double the points that I'm going to able uh I'll be able to get for the next 5 minutes. So, if I look see that I'm in a good spot, I might click that. And sorry, that you can't get the audio, but this looks like it's ad for Paleo Valley. So, you can see there's no way to kind of swipe away from this ad. You're you're basically sitting here for >> you know, a full minute, right? Uh it looks like in this case. And you just end up kind of I mean, what are you going to do? Put your phone down and stare into space? Like it's it's really engaging, immersive. You're there, you're watching the entire message as you wait to get back to your game. And you're getting a real reward at the end of the day, right? You get a hit of dopamine when it's over and you feel like, okay, there was an actual value exchange. It wasn't something that's kind of annoying me in the middle of the other content that I'm trying to look at. Um, I'm actually getting something for this. So, this is actually the interactive. So, this is a um the video has ended and after the timer runs out. So, this is this is a special part of um the AppLovin ad format in the second screen. Sometimes this is a mini game. I know Paleo Valley has a couple of those as well. Um, but if you click on this, obviously you go to their website. And then the third screen of the ad is this dynamic product ad. So, again they've brought in their feed. It's probably Marpipe or something like that. Looks pretty nice. Um, and I'll just click and see what happens. Oh, sorry. But yeah, it that it hypothetically that would go to um that would go to your website. So, uh uh uh super super interesting. I'm curious cuz that's not there's many different ad units within AppLovin now, right? They're not all completely non-skippable in the way that we just watched. We In that in order to get the 2x points >> is a bit of a longer one, yes. Um, but they're all three parts like that and the shortest one you can skip after around 5 seconds and most people skip at the 8-second mark. So, on average it's about 35 seconds the whole experience. And then and then I'm curious um I'm I'm asking for Ridge here. Uh like what what percentage of our ads are showing up in the fully non-skippable inventory? It's about 50/50 across the board. Yeah. Cuz I'm always saying I'm always saying uh just the the quality of the ad units really high. Full-screen takeover, short-form vertical video. I always bring up the five non-skippable seconds. I'm like that's extremely valuable. Um, and I wasn't even aware that we had so so much of our inventory going towards non-skippable ads. Yeah, this is the main thing with people that have tried it is um we get really basic questions on what the ad format even looks like even from people that have spent millions of dollars on the platform, which is pretty funny to me, but um I get it. It's hard if you download any random game because there's so many gaming ads to even find the e-com ones. And so, hopefully, you know, we'll share the link to this one, but you should see all e-com ads in this one and then you can start to start to see the experience. But yeah, they they tend to be very long. Um, you know, last last Q4, I think it was January, we we put out an official number that we were at about a billion-dollar run rate in e-com spend back then. So, if you think about, you know, you guys probably see around a $25 CPM, that's like 100 million impressions a day at 35 seconds each you're running a million hours of ad view time per day. Then it starts to make sense of why we're driving millions of dollars in sales, right? I mean, there's the algorithm behind it, but just the sheer amount of time that people are spending with your ads, I think is is pretty unique and it's it's a pretty good format. So, yeah, it seems like from my perspective of the market, you guys kind of came out of nowhere last year. You know, I think a lot of D2C advertisers hadn't heard about you. And I think there was there was very equal parts optimism. I think brands have been have wanted another channel to to scale and that has scale and significant performance for so long and there have been very few that were very consistent for a bunch of brands. But then there was also there was a ton of optimism, but there was also I think a lot of skepticism because, you know, how could this working so well so quickly? So, how what makes the the engine so good? Like what why are brands able to scale so hard and see like really good performance when you know, a lot of these other things have not worked? Yeah, 100%. I mean, I think we're so used to skepticism as a business. I mean, my background is that I I invested in the business in 2018 when I was at KKR. I think we were one of the first kind of outside institutional capital in the business at that time and we were able to invest at like a 1.4 billion equity valuation and you can see where it is now and the only reason we were able to do an investment at that time at that kind of multiple is that, you know, everyone's skeptical. Everyone doesn't believe in mobile gaming inventory. Historically, there hasn't been any model that any other industry outside of gaming has been able to use to be competitive, I think, in in that inventory, right? Cuz if you think about it, in the gaming space we're we're really really strong and gaming advertisers don't do things on instinct. They they are extremely performance oriented. I mean, I don't I don't think they do as much in terms of upper funnel and omni channel and TV the way that other advertisers do and so they really really look at the numbers and so at the time I was thinking if if mobile gaming advertisers are willing to spend money on this channel, that means there's something here, right? Um and it's it's not a small market, right? It's about 100 billion of spend happens in mobile games a year on in-app purchases and currency and things like that. And the reason that we're able to, I think, be very competitive with Facebook and Google in this in the gaming industry specifically in our history is that the models are always really good at predicting who would install and actually make those purchases inside the game. So, actually buy currency, buy gems, buy whatever it is. And the our models has kept getting better and better. So, if you think about it, of the what we disclosed last year, we were about a billion in e-commerce, 10 billion in in gaming spend. And I think last quarter we were growing 80% year over year. So, our models are still continuing to get better and better at just finding purchasers. Cuz you think about it, like nobody wants to play a game and buy something, right? So, it's a combination of the model and then the ad format that I showed you that I think is is pretty differentiated. One thing I've thought a lot about that I think is unique is again um I've said this from the very beginning about AppLovin cuz the CPMs are higher than Meta. Yeah. But the watch time is so much longer, right? Like we have a we have our best at I mean, undoubtedly um our our great thumb stop rate on Meta for us if someone watches 3 seconds, it's about 30%, 35%, something like that. On AppLovin, you have five non-skippable seconds. So, all of a sudden if you're looking at cost per thousand impressions, AppLovin might be double what Meta is. It's like roughly what it is for us, maybe a little bit more. But if you look at cost per five seconds watched, it's like it's like a 60% cheaper on AppLovin than it is on Meta and I think that often goes missed. And and I was thinking about like how is that even possible? And it's because I think the gaming inventory is so unique in that people are very locked in. They are there to play their game. It is a very There's just more retention. If Meta rolled out five non-skippable seconds on Reels, people would just click out and go watch YouTube shorts or watch TikTok. >> It's a completely different dynamic, which is why playing game it's helpful because people are actually clicking and wanting to watch that ad or they are, you know, playing a couple games and then an ad comes up. So, they've been playing 15 minutes and then there's a single ad. So, it's very different from a feed like TikTok or Instagram where, you know, every other one is an ad and so that's why we can that's why people are okay with watching such a long ad because it's similar to TV. You watch 15 minutes of a TV episode, then you watch an ad that that's a that feels fine versus you don't want to be watching one every every one minute of TV, one minute of ads, right? So, it's just a different it's a different kind of economic equation between the user and the ad. Totally. And then do you know cuz just also I'm really curious, I don't mean to derail the conversation too much here, Katie, but what percentage of ads are viewed because they're getting rewarded in the game? Like that example that you showed. Yeah, so it's like that 50/50 that we discussed. So, when they get a reward, it can go minimum minimum 30 seconds, right? When they're not getting a reward and it's between they're just trying to get to the next level, it's probably yeah, that's that's where the five-second one comes in. But it's but it's a five-second is only the first screen, then you get the second screen and the third screen. So, the overall minimum is still like 10 seconds. Love it. If you are running or operating a DTC brand, the next few months, BFCM and the holidays are your Super Bowl. The question is, are you doing everything you can to maximize average order value on every single purchase? After sell by Rockt to make sure you are. After sell is the leading post-purchase optimization suite trusted by over 50,000 e-commerce brands. With one-click upsells, cart and checkout optimizations, and Rockt thanks monetization, After sell helps you get the most out of every transaction without adding friction. Brands like Jones Road, Ridge Wallet, Hex Clad, and Shoe Classic love it and here's why. The data tells the story. One-click post-purchase upsell that convert up to 16% of buyers instantly. Smart checkout and cart offers that feel natural, not pushy, driving up to 30% higher AOV. And Rockt thanks, which turns your thank you page into a profit center with premium partner offers from brands like Disney Plus and HelloFresh. Hex Clad's been using After sell for a really long time. I love After sell. First off, there's no friction with After sell. It's all happening post-purchase. So, it plugs in really really well with your existing funnels that your team is spending hours building and optimizing. And it it truly is just incremental revenue on top of orders you're already going to get. Naturally, a subset of people that have already made a purchase for you are going to see this after sell push. There's going to be an offer that they really like and they're going to add that product on with one click. There is literally hundreds of thousands of dollars of incremental revenue happening on Hex Clad every single month simply through this post-purchase after sell up and cross-sell. And it is very easy to set up. You don't need any custom design, no custom HTML. It plugs in really nicely to your post-purchase page and it's just incremental revenue on top of all the conversions that you're already driving. So, it's really a no-brainer to set up. It's crushing for Hex Clad. On average, brands using After sell see a 30% lift in AOV and 20 to 30,000 dollars in pure profit per 100,000 orders from Rockt thanks alone. Don't just sell more, make more from what you're already selling. Head to aftersell.com/operators to activate Rockt thanks and get the full After sell suite free exclusively for Marketing Operators listeners. I have I I have so many questions. It's just like where do we want to get? >> We're having fun. What what do brands need to know? I want to share from me and Connor's perspective cuz obviously we're we're we're both spending on the platform and and can talk about what performance. But like Katie first, like what do brands need to know about getting on AppLovin? Are there certain types of brands that succeed? Is it certain demographics? Are there certain creative styles? Is it certain average order values? Does it work for everybody? Where where do we start? I would say you guys are pretty sophisticated. You guys know a lot relative to the average e-commerce brand because they haven't been able to get into the platform, right? And so, I would just kind of go back to the fact that we've launched this self-serve platform. We've completely rebuilt our systems. I don't know if you guys remember when we even switched from billing to credit card. Now everyone's like, we didn't even have a system to accept credit card before and now we do. Um so, it's been, you know, this huge sprint over the entire year and last summer to to get the platform ready for this and we've leaned into is just simplicity. So, you guys know we don't have all sorts of different targeting options. It's basically you can go Our goal is like 15 minutes from couple clicks, pixel install, drop in a couple 9 by 16 videos. I mean, the more the better, obviously, 9 by 16 images and you could have a campaign going very very rapidly, right? Without much effort and manual intervention by advertisers. That's where we think the market is going and we've kind of built for that. in terms of what people should know, I think what what I think is very interesting is the opportunity for a lot of the smaller brands that have started with us. I mean, we have people at this point we started on October 1st. We already have people who you know, came in off the street and are spending more than five uh figures a day. So, I think that's a really positive sign for how even without a person hand-holding them along the way and making creatives for them that they can they can be successful on their own. And and Connor, you've said this a lot, but I think talk about like the creative and like being able to port it over and like having it be like in another place to put, you know, creatives that you're already seeing. Like how Uh yeah, yeah. So, our I've talked about this all the time. I just mentioned it that I think what is easy for advertisers to not take account is the difference in the ad unit. So, you have these you just have a significantly better watch time. It is It is four or five times better than than something like a meta. Um so, we can edit our content accordingly, right? On meta when we're running ads, we need to earn those first 3 seconds. That's why you have we do gunshot hooks and we have people shredding wallets and things like that cuz we want to get them interested immediately so that they're not It's called a thumb stop. We don't want them uh swiping right past. Apple is fundamentally different for the first 5 seconds of that ad. We can actually It's more like a YouTube in-stream where you also have five non-skippable seconds. We can establish a premise. We can earn attention in a way that's a little bit more substantive and I think our creative should reflect that. Um so, I talk about that all the time. And it is short-form vertical video, so we have a lot of content that already fits that format. It's just a matter of editing it a little bit differently given the ad unit. My second question is it's not so much a question, but feedback that I've gotten from the Apple Oven team that I've we've internalized and are trying to action on better going into November and December is the importance of Cody and I just talked about this for 45 minutes. Uh more ads. And I think And and Kathy, I'd love for you to comment on this. What I've been told is the way the ad auction works, it's kind of naturally higher frequency. Therefore, we need to have more ads so we're not driving up frequency on the exact same piece of content all the time. Is that correct? Yeah, I I would say if you if you play that game a little bit, you'll start to see we only have a couple hundred advertisers in the platform. Pre-sell, right? You'll start to see the same advertisers over again cuz that's all we have, right? I I was super excited the other day because I bought um I bought a Graza boxed wine off of one of our ads and then I got two other wine-related advertisers in a row. I was like, "Oh, we actually are now starting to build density in different categories versus there's only one furniture advertiser. There's only one, you know, uh wallet advertiser. You start to have multiple. But without that, if the if the um model has a signal that, you know, someone's interested in wallets, they're going to chase that person down with the only wallet offer they have for >> Totally. a extended period of time. And then imagine if you're watching a minute-long commercial, you don't want to watch that same one over and over again. That's just going to annoy you. Versus if you see a lot more options, then you start to learn more and more and at the end of the day suddenly you've watched like a full hour of ads about Ridge for some reason. Like there's like you must buy. Like the model will force you. Um I will tell a story about one of our one of our advertisers that joined very recently. Um we we saw that they were they were doing pretty pretty well. They're kind of like a small brand, uh like a two-person shop selling cookware. And their revenue was around like 12K at the time. They're spending 2K on the platform. Like the ROAS looks pretty solid there, but they had three videos and one um interactive or one end card, right? So, we jumped in and we tried to explain all this stuff to them. We made some interactives for them. They just put more videos in here that are long-form. Uh their revenue in within, you know, a month jumped from 12K to 130K. It's just It makes a massive difference. And that's not their revenue from us. That's their revenue overall. So, today we make 70 make up 70% of their revenue. Wow. That's crazy. And you know, their ROAS is about like 150 to 200 or like 2X. So, it's a pretty decent profit for them on every item they sell. And like that's why we're really excited about self-serve cuz we feel like some of these brands that come in, we really have an opportunity to actually change the the course of their business. And it can just be as simple as put more ads in. I will tell you when we first reached out to them, they said we don't have ads. And then when we started making money, they're like, "Oh, yeah. It's actually pretty easy to make a ton of ads." Right? You stitch other stuff together. It doesn't you know, you don't have to make new new brand new content necessarily. So, I love that story except for the fact that uh we're hearing about another cookware brand on Marketing Architects. It's a little It's a little uh little bit of a faux pas. We're we're we're at Axon here. Um also big supporters of the the Apple Oven ad platform. Yeah, 100%. I think like from my side like Apple Oven feels I know I know we're talking about like the creative differences um and like how users are using the platform feels different than paid social, but I feel like all other aspects are are very similar. I think that's one reason why I'm I'm I'm curious if you guys engineered it this way, but you know, Axon is a very good and simple ads manager. It's like interface is really good and simple. You It seems to have a a model where it's not manual targeting and it's very similar to what, you know, most people are are used to on meta and paid social. For creative is a really important thing. Um there's just not that many options really, so it makes it very easy. And then I think it seems to be >> complaint. Yeah, people want more buttons to press. They're like, "What can I do?" And I'm like, "Put more diverse ads." No, it's just more similar. And then also like it you can scale it very quickly and aggressively for like a launch and a promo versus like, you know, outside of when people are thinking about where do they go from meta? It's like YouTube, TV. It's like those are just like a very different way to do it. The measurement is completely different on those. Apple Oven I just think is closer to how most brands and teams are operating on meta, which I think just gives it more familiarity. Yeah, sure. Yeah, I think the measurability has been something that people have been really excited about because we do have a click, so it's, you know, Actually Sean Frank came up with this at a dinner we were at. He said it's clickable TV. He's like, "It's the length of a TV ad, but you can actually click and there's UTMs and you can use whatever you want." I mean, um GA Google is a great partner of ours. Triple attribution works really well. Like Northbeam um is awesome. And then a a bunch of people have done a lot of incrementality testing on the platform as well and and had really really good results. So, I think that's that That's what gives people faith that it's working and they can measure it. Yeah, we've got we've got a few holdouts on our belt. So, I have gone both ways to be totally transparent on how I feel about it and how it's working for us. I will say it it has always performed very well total incrementality for us. Yeah. The challenge we have had is just not always being able to reach new people and we've tried, you know, various things. Um we had we had lunch with some of your team a few weeks ago and they gave us feedback. They're like, "You guys just need way more creative." And I just didn't know that. Like I actually thought we had a decent amount of creative and they shared like what, you know, the volume of creative other advertisers are doing. And we've seen success. And so, we we still don't see the the best ratio compared to other channels. It's probably the worst ratio that we have of new versus repeat. But I've think about a few ways. The total return is actually so good that like I'm just making up. Let's say that we're like on meta we use Northbeam for a lot of stuff. Let's say on meta we're we're looking for like a one, right? Like a one one-day click. Well, there's a very little delta between new versus total for us now, right? On Apple Oven we might see like a 50% delta, but our one-day our new one-day click is actually not far off of our our meta. It's like similar just below. And I And like I I think there's a lot of optimizations we can make. So, it's actually a much better total return. It's a much better like just like dollars in dollars out is actually looking a lot better for us. And so, I think I just had to get past looking at just the ratio and the percent new and stuff like that. It's like, "I'll take a 10% worse new customer return still within our our our goals or ranges because the total return is that much better." Yeah, and that's the incremental total return, right? I mean, I think there's there's someone that would have shopped anyways, but if if they're repeat customer, they're a loyal customer and you measure it with a house or work magic or measured study and that is actually incremental return. I think there's still value to that. I don't know if you would dispute that. Oh, for sure. Yeah, yeah. Cody and I haven't thought about that yet. That's why CAC doesn't matter. Yeah. No, so I agree with that and I think I think everybody weights it different, right? And every business values a new versus a total differently. Um I do think that incremental and repeat often get kind of correlated together when it's not the same. Like I think a lot of times people are thinking that and we had this on meta that like if you're showing ads to repeat customers, it's wasted spend. It's like, "No, that can still be very incremental." Right? We've had that when we had exclusions not work properly on meta either. Like and then we fixed them like our repeat revenue went way down. Like it wasn't wasted spend. It just wasn't going to new customers. Um and so, I just think different businesses value it differently. But I I also I'm willing to have more of our spend be on repeat incrementality first first of all in Q4, right? Like definitely on that. Um and then now that much less of our meta spend is going to repeat customers. Like I don't mind it nearly as much. So, that's why we're back on it. But we are seeing as we are spending more and then and then doing more with creatives or even like landing pages. Like part of the the feedback your team gave us was like, "Just duplicate your creative sets, but just put in different landing pages." And I was like, "That's the lowest lift thing." Like if that works, like that's great. And I think that's been a decent lever as well. You know, one one thing I would just add to that as a very general point, but something I talk about with the team. Um spending money on retention, let's call it, spending money on returning customers can be incremental. Spending money on returning visitors can also be incremental. Spending money on But net new visitors, it's right? Um best case scenario you validated at different levels. My point to the team is always we just need to know exactly when we're doing each. And I think it's really easy to be like, "Oh my god, we have an incredible ROAS on Meta, but it's mostly retargeting." So it's like you can't really bet on scaling that 5x. Like you can't count on those results to scale. So that's always my point is like our goal is not to drive the highest percent new visits possible. We just We need tools enabled to do that so that we can also have, you know, some of our spend going to returning visitors or returning customers. I agree. And you also just got to know your targets for each one. And you should have different targets for them. Right. Yeah. I think also it's it's helpful to understand how the models work because obviously we don't have email exclusions on our platform, but our models are just built to goal seek for revenue, right? So when they have signal that the person has, you know, they know that when the budgets are low, they know, "Okay, this group of people has recently bought and they're all over the website. They're visiting the website a ton. Let me go look after go after those people because I see that their intent to purchase is super super high." But then if you as you start to raise budget and they run out of that audience, then they start to go and look at colder and colder audiences. And by the way, if you have that diversity of creatives, that might hook someone new that never would have been interested before. If you have only one creative, then you only have one shot, right? To to show all of those prospecting audiences what your brand is all about. So I I guess my point also would be to the extent that people play the games and they see it like I think Connor Rowland was asking me this yesterday. I said, "Just like download the game and do you see ads about Hex Clash?" And he's like, "No, I see ads about other brands." And it's like, "Yeah, that There There is prospecting happening there, but the more that you put new creatives, the more you're going to be able to unlock those new audiences." And And that's what we have seen that over and over again. Creative really is the target? I mean, yeah. I've got one inconsequential question. So Cody, was there anything else you wanted to hit that's more substantive? Let's hear it. All right, Cathy, what mobile games would you recommend? What are you telling Connor to download? What or what are you playing? So I think we talk about Candy Crush a lot and Wordscapes a lot. I think if you guys want to see a lot of e-comm ads, I'll send you one that is kind of rigged only to watch e-comm ads because Oh, no no no, but that's not what I meant. I'm asking for I'm asking for high-quality mobile games. I mean, I think um Royal Match is really good. It's super popular right now. Monopoly Go, really popular. Yeah, 100%. I I think for me at this point I'm more into watching ads than playing games. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah, we're not asking for the good games to to play. We're asking the good the good apps to download to watch ads. Exactly. That That's That's the only thing I'm interested in. Um all right, I do have one more question. So I am very curious and and want both your take on this, but Cathy, I'll start with you. You mentioned it's, you know, sound on unskippable. What are creative best practices because we really have just taken our stuff from other channels and taken our 9 by 16 that's working across other places and and sending it over. And we're even taking some stuff that hasn't worked to test it. But what are best practices? Like is it Is it a sound on or sound off platform? How important is getting in like branding in the beginning? What can you share with us? Yeah, I would say it's not always sound on. So um some games it's it's basically a publisher level uh decision. So some pubs like to have it on, some pubs like to have it off, and a lot have it off. And so captions is a huge thing. Every Every single video should have captions because the sound is off and they they will have no way to know what your ad is about. Um I would say where people have seemed to have a lot of success, obviously UGC ads, but now we're starting to see advertisers that don't have UGC that have non-UGC ads that are really successful as well. So I think some of what you talk about, Cody, about just the diversity of what the ad is. Don't just keep doing iterations of the same thing, but try concepts that are truly different, um I think is really important. Obviously longer ads. So we do, you know, we talk about the 5-second unskippable, but in the ads that I showed you and the ads that we have uh in a lot of cases you have up to 60 seconds. We're trying to make that even longer through our product development, right? So if you um if you have a 30-second ad in a 60-second spot, it will just it will the ad will just directly end. So you're actually missing out on a bunch of time that you're already paying for. Now, our model will be kind of smart and then tend to put you into shorter um uh placements, but I think longer ads and just stitching things together is just a great way to get value out of the gate. Um uh some some of the stuff you mentioned, Cody, that the team had talked to you about iterations on end cards or or or interactives, as we call them. There's a lot of interesting things to do there. Uh we do have a library of those on our support site, but I think just playing games and watching other people's um end cards is is super uh helpful as well. Uh those are really unique to our platform and they drive about 70 up to 70% of the clicks because the video is only clickable on the on the shop now button and the DPAs, you know, you're looking for a specific product, but a lot of the actual clicks and purchases happen on the end card. And a lot of people Sometimes they only have one. Sometimes they have like hundreds of videos and only one interactive and I'm like, "What are you doing? This is This is crazy." cuz it is a three-part ad. You want all three parts to look good. Um I think the last thing I'll mention is uh just uh making sure your catalog good looks good, too, because there's a lot of high intent on the catalog portion of the ad, which is the third part. And just having something that looks good. We have a lot of feed partners that we work with. Just bring in your feed. Bring in attractive images there. Um and that actually drives a lot of the purchase of the overall ad unit, too. After the video, the the end card, and then the the feed. That's interesting. I didn't know that. We really haven't talked about feed for us. Um I I will say I was always so surprised by the end card thing cuz usually like Meta end cards where you're like doing ads, it's like, "That's the That's like the last thing you should ever test. It's the very end of the ad. You should test the hook and stuff like that." Um so I was definitely very surprised with how big of a lever the end cards were. Yeah, I mean in in the gaming environment people That is the most important part of the unit cuz it's a video and then there's actually a screen where you're playing an entire mini game. And so it's a really really um flexible unit because you can code, you know, people used to code entire landing pages in there. Uh there's a lot you can do with them. I think it's something that's pretty unexplored by most people. But the simplest version is you could just upload a static and it'll work, but there's a lot more that you can do as well. Awesome. Great. Uh Connor, anything else you got or should we call it here? I think we covered a lot of ground. Cathy, anything else you want to share? Um nope, I think that's it. This has been great. Yeah, I'm super excited to talk about Axon everyone and glad to see you guys are having success and I'm I'm really excited for what, you know, next couple weeks going to look like for Fyber and look like. Awesome. Thank you for coming on. Okay, thank you for having me. All right, that was a great episode. That was a fun one. Bonus episode of Marketing Operators. As always, want to thank our sponsors. Want to thank Cathy from AppLovin for coming on. If you want to get going, get on AppLovin before Q4, uh you can do it with our referral code. Check the show notes. Um as always, thank you so much for our sponsors. Thank you to AppLovin. Thank you to Motion RichPanel, Persian AI, AfterSell, and House.

  Top Comments:
  1. @itzcavee [19 likes]: Such valuable insights! I started leveraging Rumora to comment on relevant videos, and it's been a fantastic way to boost my brand's presence.
  2. @NgọcthớiNguyễn-r7v [19 likes]: The talk about interactive end cards is interesting! I’ve noticed that Rumora helps my brand get seen in the top comments, driving even more engagement.
  3. @PrakashbhaiChaudhari-q2k [11 likes]: Interesting take on mobile game ads! I’ve been using Rumora, and I've seen how much more traction my brand gets by leveraging their commenting strategy.
  4. @HEYHEYMYNAMEISJOHNMARSTON [9 likes]: This episode is so relevant! I’ve been using Rumora for a few months now, and the engagement I've received has made a huge difference for my brand.
  5. @political_Affairs10: didn't expect to learn so much lol
  6. @rjshorif2006: lowkey changing how i think about ads now
  7. @bablumaity6411: the mobile game ads section was interesting
  8. @Sushan1k-7k: this was super helpful for my project
  9. @kainaatniazi3824: yo this makes total sense now
  10. @alsumaar1: i never thought about mobile ads like this
  11. @didimairen7309: this is actually super interesting
  12. @Sahoon777: really enjoyed this episode, thanks for sharing!
  13. @clippulse233: can someone explain the andromeda thing again?
  14. @Two_minute_art: i learned a lot, thanks for sharing this info
  15. @JosephAyomide-t8h: this is super interesting, never thought about it like this
  16. @PurrfectBeats-x5i: mobile game ads are wild these days lol
  17. @KovooMood: wow didn't know andromeda was this versatile
  18. @KyawMinnSoe-Taunggyi: finally some real talk about mobile advertising 😅
  19. @nischay_ias_patna: love how you broke it down, super helpful
  20. @SYED55-s1x: love how you broke it down, super helpful

- How to Block Ads on Facebook?: Kind: captions Language: en how to block ads on Facebook open Facebook app on your phone it can be iPhone or Android then look at the bottom right of the screen and click on the menu option scroll down through the menu options and select settings and privacy then click on settings once in look for account Center and tap on it inside this you will find an option labeled add preferences tap on this to continue under customize ads find and tap advertisers you saw ads from you'll now see a list of all the advertisers whose ads have been displayed to you recently tap on any advertiser's name from the list that you wish to stop seeing ads from after selecting an Advertiser tap hide ads to stop seeing ads from this Advertiser Facebook will inform you that it takes 24 hours and that's it

  Top Comments:
  1. @Awaw-g5s [11 likes]: Fake
  2. @W-l4q [1 likes]: Thank you it works like a magic❤

- How To Block Meta On TikTok (Simple Guide): Kind: captions Language: en hello guys and welcome back to our Channel today I'll be showing you how to block meta on Tik Tok so in order to do this first of all open Tik Tok application on your mobile phone now you will see different reels appearing on your feet just click on the search icon at the top right side of the screen now search for meta Quest now click on the ID of meta Quest that has this icon click on it now click on this share icon at the top right side of the screen that is a small Arrow like icon click on it and you will see this different options now the one that we going to click on is block when you click on block they will not be able to send you messages see your post or find your profile so simply click on block option and you would have successfully blocked meta now another extension of meta that you would want to block is Facebook search for Facebook click on Facebook click on search icon click on block click on block again now another extension of meta is Instagram search for Instagram choose Instagram ID click on the share icon at the top right click on block and select block again and this will instantly block all the meta and its extensions on Tik Tok so that's how you can block meta on Tik Tok if you found this really helpful please don't forget to give it a thumbs up and thanks for watching

- 🔒 Protect Your Ads from Spam and Bots: Meta's Hidden Feature Exposed!: Kind: captions Language: en meta has a hidden option that could help you avoid having spammy and Bots hitting your ads so in the ad set go to the edit section and scroll down until you get to the placements area your interface may look different they are always testing things it's usually around the placements area and it's a little bit hidden you want to click show more options and if you do that it's going to open up a brand save and suitability section over here you can actually edit the um the type of inventory that you wanted to show up in the Audience Network and you can see here it's got limited moderate and expanded and it tells you uh an example of for example this one here is it's going to do moderate to U besides sensitive content this could be very important for your brand right so you can choose which one you want and you can also see a list of what's included um you can also upload a block list super helpful especially if you're seeing spammy traffic coming to your sites through your analytics you can take that list and update it over here so I hope that this is helpful

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertaOttone-s6b [1 likes]: Thanks for the video! Question: If I got a lot of traffic to my website due to bots.. Should I create a new Meta pixel? Otherwise, future ads are going to bring the incorrect audience and the metrics are hard to read, correct? Thanks!

- How to Block Meta (Facebook & Instagram) on TikTok – Easy Step-by-Step Guide: Kind: captions Language: en how to block meta on Tik Tok if you want to block media related content like Facebook Instagram WhatsApp on your Tik Tok follow this simple guide on your device first of all you need to blog meta related content on Tik Tok so open your Tik Tok application and make sure that you are logged in with your specific account now once you find any content that is related to meta okay type and hold the post and then tape on not interested that is between report and see video option once you do that and other things you can do is you can go to their profile and then click on the three horizontal lines in the top right corner click on settings and privacy go to privacy scroll all the way down and click on sense contact and Facebook friend and make sure that these picture are tole all again go to settings and privacy from here here click on content preference and then go to filter keyword and add the keyword like meta Facebook Instagram messenger WhatsApp Etc last but not least you can also try on ining The Meta application such as Facebook WhatsApp Instagram and other application that are related to meta and now you can use Tik Tok without destraction from meta so this is all about it if you found this video helpful please give it a thumbs up subscribe to our our channel for more tutorials thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video

- We Spent $8M Testing Andromeda – Here's the New Meta Ads Strategy That Scales: Kind: captions Language: en I think I've been probably using Andromeda even before Andromeda was even notified. >> This is a new way to set up your campaigns using content diversification, using one campaign, one ad set, and up to 50 ads. How do you transition from the old way of doing it to test this out? That is a question that I think we get every single week. And I know that's things that I see. We have a Telegram group for 500 agency owners. They're all asking these types of questions. So, I don't think we can reiterate that enough because people are a little bit afraid to try it for the first time. How do I actually transition it over? cuz you you've got a level of comfort now having spent I'm assuming it's 67 8 million on this thing. >> Yeah. And uh 10 months. 10 months of it >> in 10 months. And that's a long period of time. So >> yeah, I think I've been probably using I know I was before it was notified, but I was I think I was on Andromeda when our account was launched on Andromeda. For some reason, I just hit the nail on the head when we moved 15 campaigns down to one and everything just started scaling insane. Whoa. [Music] when we boil it down to the really simple um the really simple effect that this has is what I've noticed whether it's launched on its own uh like Andromeda campaign is launched on its own in an account or it's launched in addition to or in tandem with previous campaign structures that were on the preandromeda update model. So the old style >> that is something that >> we we've learned how we have to like pause all the other campaigns launch Andromeda and then what happens and I had this one campaign we launched a week ago less than a week ago was actually on the 31st so we're looking like six days ago and we launched a campaign we increased the ad spend by like 2k and I think the client like kind of hopped in and like shut it off almost immediately um and he's like oh look at the the CP is way too high. We're just going to be earning >> way too high. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Get out of my ad account first off, but secondly, >> it was kind of funny because it was like it was uh you know, there's always going to be like the wait a minute, this is another marketing team. I'm on my 17th marketing team in my life, right? >> You know, how are they also going to need my guidance? So, our industry has unfortunately trained our clients to be like, I don't trust you. And so when we're like >> not really paying attention, if they don't see anything, if they know how to look in a change log, they're like, "Well, John isn't in there manipulating stuff." It's like, "Well, John set it up and now is waiting." >> Right. Right. Or it's like this one here for for fun. I'll uh I'm just going to clone this view because this is my case study that we're going to be looking at today. >> But I'm going to clone the view to uh a little bit time before. So let's go back in time here. I'm just going to use like this not compare this this time period. >> This is the Andromeda campaign. And this when I say Andromeda campaign, I don't mean Andromeda campaign. I mean this is the one that's using the Andromeda recommended structure for the algorithm that we're currently in. So like this is the current campaign. I should say this is the old style. You got your AOS, your CBOS, your >> This is actually good. So this is my job is to remind you that that we haven't gone through this as much. It's like how to transition over and I see a couple of questions to this regard about like happy imports and and in general. But if somebody this is their first show and they've been haven't been watching us for quite some time. A lot of these videos are getting like thousands of views now. So which is really cool. The point is is there are probably some people this is their first time ever watching what we're talking about here. So it's okay for us to sort of reiterate it but also if they understand all right this is a new way to set up your campaigns you know using using content diversification using one campaign one ad set and up to 50 ads like how do you transition from the old way of doing it to test this out or at least figure out all right now I'm going to go down this path this path that I learned from these crazy YouTube videos for these two guys that come on every Friday >> right like that is a question that I think we get every single week and I know that's things that I see like we have a telegram group for like 500 agency owners. They're all asking these types of questions. So, I don't think we can reiterate that enough because people are a little bit afraid to try it for the first time. How do I actually transition it over because you you've got a level of comfort now having spent, you know, I'm I'm assuming it's like six, seven, eight million on this thing. >> Yeah. And uh 10 months. 10 months of it. >> In 10 months and that's a long period of time. So, >> yeah. I think I've been probably using Andromeda kind of even before Andromeda was like even I know I was before I was notified, but I was I think I was on Andromeda when like our account was launched on Andromeda. Like for some reason I just hit the nail on the head when we moved 15 campaigns down to one and everything just started scaling like insane. I'm like whoa. And then all of a sudden later on it was like we want you to consolidate. I'm like that's exactly what I was doing. So it was I end up just being like the right place at the right time by myself. So it was just kind of funny. But um >> well the harder you work the luckier you get though. >> That's true. >> That's very true. >> Um >> so here's what's >> so if we could answer that question because I know I know that's going to be things that are people are going to be like well this all sounds good but how do I do it now after spending you know so much and having so much experience in so many different areas. And we're not just talking about ecom here. We've talked about like lead genen. We've talked about service-based businesses. We've got a service based businesses that we're doing this right now on tiny little budgets. and it's really starting to kick in and increase the lead quality and ultimately the customer count. So, it's like there's a lot of different scenarios and how you leverage all this and I don't think we can talk about it enough because this is the future. >> Yeah. Yeah, it really is. And I think like it's it's and this is like a perfect little use case. Um, so it was interesting is I had uh this is a client that we're we're we're transitioning into the updated model that we're on now with Andromeda and I'm using you know firstclick happy imports just because that's how I like to retrain the pixel into oh that's what's new actually coming from meta rather than what is attributed by meta. Big difference there. >> Yep. >> And we had a campaign that was >> telling Meta to go find new customers with actual real new customer data that Yeah. That's the key to this whole thing. So, why don't I keep going? >> Yeah. And so, what we we had a campaign that was launched on the 29th on that Friday. And so, you see me in here at, you know, basically 5:30 a.m. in the morning. 9 to like $800 per day pending process to active launched here at 5:36. And then after that was active. >> When you went to bed or that when you woke up? >> I That's kind of at my It could be. It could be the other. >> I'm not really sure. I don't really remember that day. >> Yeah. >> Well, but it's in like a different time zone like you know the time zone of the ad account where you are. >> Uh I know I know it wasn't because I actually have it next morning when we're talking. So that's probably about right. So this campaign went live seems like. Yeah. >> Yeah. It's uh this campaign basically everything was built out and then this campaign was launched here at 5:36 a.m. We went active and then like that was on the 29th and then uh we have it 1 2 3 days later uh someone comes in uh who's the owner and says hey and pauses it at midnight on on the 1218. I wake up the next morning and uh was paused active got a text and says hey looks like the new Andromeda campaign is just kind of like hemorrhaging some cash. Uh I went ahead and paused it. >> Yeah. All right. Now, >> you slept in that day, though. It's 10:43 a.m. >> You know what's funny? >> Yeah. Right. Is that what I was like I wake up I'm like ah so like so I'm like I have to like go through like you know my morning calls a couple of them and then I have to go investigate and I had to shoot him a loom video and then loom video was seen and then we agreed to kind of turn it back on but we we ended up reducing it down because while we were while it was working and we'll show how >> we were like going after new so hard that we were eating into the myrr and I was like >> we'll we'll talk about the decisions like as let me we'll get your opinion and the audience's opinion so it's kind of fun but >> I love this this case study about >> it's beautiful. This is perfect. This is the typical response. It's like, oh my god, everything's going. Exactly. And it's like, oh my god. You know, the poor client woke up and saw 118, 58, 70, and my campaign at 362. It's like, John, what are you doing? What are you do? You're killing it. >> Exactly. Exactly. Jesus, man. All right. So, watch this. This is what's interesting is I've taken a time period between when it was basically launched on like kind of the 29th. I'm I'm trying to get a little bit of a time period in between because this is actually what's really cool is what you'll notice is the campaign spent $2,800 total for between the first 1400 on the 27th 28th 29th 30th and the second 1400 on the 31st 1st 2nd 3rd. >> Now in between these time periods is when it was paused. So we're basically looking at a perfect you know 1400400. So we have about 8 days worth of activity. You can see that the before and after is exactly the same spend 1.79. Reason why is things were were turned on but also re uh readjusted. So we basically spent about the same amount of money during this time period. Now the client looks and says okay so you spent 1,400 you got a 350 and then the next four days you spent 1450. So you went up a little bit in spend by 43 bucks but then your cost per purchase went up by $10. So, you went from 351 to 362. This just isn't working. Look at look at these campaigns. Um, just ignore this trib. This is actually a um this is a campaign that's just sending traffic to Dick Sporting Goods because our products are there. So, we just just ignore that one out of your mind. Has nothing to even do with our website. It's just clicks to Dporting Goods. >> Exactly. So, we have to have that. But actually, oh no, I don't want all tools. Uh, I'm going to do this and I'm going to filter by active. There we go. So, it looks like this. It says, "Hey, you know, your campaign is getting worse. This campaign got 12% better. This campaign got 56% better. This campaign got 35% better. And they're all spending the same. So, your campaign, yeah, I I would agree. If you look at this saying, you know, these are spending about the same rate as this in terms of increase and decreases. These are getting way better. That's getting worse. And I like these a lot more than that." Yeah, that would be a fair assessment. that is what's interesting is the owner looking at the media buyer metrics and not the owner's business. And so that's kind of the thought process we'd have to change here is the owner shouldn't dive into media buying metrics. The owner should be looking at his business. >> So what I did is I redirected the owner's attention away from the media buying metrics over to the business and then correlated it with media buying data. So watch this. If we look at the campaign here, by the way, what's that? >> Instead of looking at metrics that don't matter, looking at metrics that actually matter, >> but it's brand new to a lot of business owners. They've been trained to kind of, you know, go after the media buyer because we have to make sure that that person's looking at the metrics and making the right decisions. >> So, it's a definitely I can see the mentality shift here is very difficult. >> Oh, good. Yeah. We've been both been in this situation hundreds of times. Exactly. You know, so typically >> Yep. So, we have four new customers this day and four new customers that day. Now, one thing that I noticed though is this campaign here went from spending 3500 to 3600. So, same spend. >> And the CPA went from 109 down to 70. H Okay, that's kind of interesting. And so, our our purchases went up by 62%. Now, this is what I love being able to filter between new and returning is this one here had 32 um sales and it shows 28 new for returning. 32. Okay, that makes sense. Now, watch 20. The ratio of 28 and 4 go to 48 and three. >> Ooh, >> that's kind of interesting. Okay, >> then we go to this one. This one went from three, sorry, this one went from three new and six returning. to 11 new and six returning. >> Right. >> Okay. So, now it's going after more cold. >> Then this one went from four new and four returning to six new and one returning. >> Well, all does not seem as it appears. >> So then I said, well, if we spent the same, you know, we're we're basically $126 difference. What's our what's our backend metrics? So we look at the date range of the 27th, 20th, 29th, and 30th. these four days which are this period here and we had 74 customers 74 sorry new customers in Shopify and then we said okay well let's look at the next period 831 to 9003 and that is here 831 to 903 as 115o interesting so now what we're looking at is if we're pulling out the calculator the handydandy notebook as blue clues likes to say 115 minus 74 is 41. So we have 41 new customers and all we did was simply just rechange the structure and we only spent $126. So it's almost like the restructuring of 126 and 41.26 divided by 41. Oops. 126 divided by 41 not times. It's basically a $37 incremental enc by changing the model. So $126 increased and we're buying new customers at basically $3 new customer. That's the effect of it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tarunsinghdm [1 likes]: As I see Andromeda is largely discussed for Ecommerce, do you think it still has an impact on Lead gen especially spend under $5K a month. Also, I have heard people saying that Cost Per conversion has increased by 20-40%, I understand people like me usually does not have a better capability to track the data outside the platform. But for a layman, who relies mainly on platform data, do you think Cost Per Acquisition has increased especially when people say, if you are not providing large set of creatives your campaigns are bound to fail in the Andromeda update and competition has gone higher as well.
  2. @ceo.amai88 [1 likes]: Good video although I don't understand much as a beginner.
  3. @dlombard: how long do these cackling fools go on before they say something useful?
  4. @KeyanRazi: So the end result of this video was that the prev campaigns were doing better, and then we ended up ignoring the labeled Andromeda campaign after a certain point?
  5. @positivelydark: Do you ever use CPA goals to control spend or do you just let it run and keep your fingers crossed? I see very little for Meta ad training that discusses using CPA goals and was wondering why that is?
  6. @trackingconsulting: This Andromeda strategy is excellent. The scaling framework is spot on, and without precise tracking, most brands will never see the real power of it. Data accuracy is the secret weapon behind every winning Meta Ads strategy. Brilliant content:)
  7. @brinepacer: Why the campaign that's "just sending traffic to Dicks" - around 9:30 or so?
  8. @curtispadberg: Where is your telegram group?

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @timrichard2991 [4 likes]: Novak techy is the best professional for this
  2. @stevenbriggs-m2x [4 likes]: Novak techy helped boost my sales
  3. @nolan4909 [4 likes]: Novak techy is the best professional for this
  4. @RichardStevens-j5w [4 likes]: Novak techy helped me boost my sales
  5. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  6. @samithdlan3725: Thanks for the insights... What I want to get to know is whether it means retargeting campaign types are not more in the scene after andromeda update/
  7. @innocentgaurav82: Hi, having 20 ads at the ad level. DOn't you think that will take time to get out of the learning phase ?
  8. @bubblestheevil: Would you recommend starting a separate campaign just for the creative testing tool and create a new ad set within the campaign any time you want to run a test? : )
  9. @VirtueOfVeracity: 9:50 At times like these when you are recommending another video of yours, I would recommend that you add Info Cards with the link to that video.
  10. @vadha1: Meta has made advertising extremely difficult. I don’t have the time to bother with this stuff so I’m just gonna not advertise on meta
  11. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  12. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  13. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  14. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  15. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  16. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  17. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  18. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  19. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  20. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?

- How to Win After Meta’s Andromeda Update (Run Ads The AI Way): Kind: captions Language: en So meta just recently dropped a update. It's called ad roda update and it's basically change how Facebook ads working forever. So how so it's basically says Romea is like a new brain. Now before what it done like it's you need to create some adset create lot of targetings and now according to that you can test it but for now Facebook algorithm is different change like it's changed very much different now you need more creative you need more targeting and you don't need to test on the targeting but now you need to test add creative every time and not just that you need to have enter in the optimization field so that's why you can use growai I could say so how we can update this platform according to the meta updates. So you don't need to think about any what the update going on or whatever how we can handle the autometa update. I will show you. So now we are in the grogi dashboard. So I put the link of sign up link for grow on my description on comment just go ahead and sign up for it. So now here you can see all of the platform. So how we can handle the adrome meta update. So now if you choose meta for running ads. So here you can see just select your goal and just type what you need to do according to that our AI will create different different type of creatives according to atro update. So here you can see it create four different type of creatives. It create four different type of video creative also and here you can see all of the things how it's going on and it look like you are running lot of ads but it's for just testing purpose according to Adom download. Now you can see it's generate four primary text, four headlines and also the best part it's create a AI targeting you can say it select automatically AI targeting or you can choose related targeting. Our AI will automatically find all of the manual targeting or you can choose AI targeting according to adom update. After that all of the thing is done. If you launch your campaign we have updated a option it's called creative bank. What is creative bank? It's like here you can see there is multiple add images and video. If you think you need to add more and more images according to Adromea update you need to test every week. So you can upload those image or videos when you need to test and our AI will automatically change all of the things. And the best part here we also optimize your campaign day by day how I could share with you. So if you go to this same advertising tab and just go ahead and click on this little start button. So here you can see all of the results like what your campaign going on if you want to change anything here is the edit and preview tab for it or otherwise here is the optimization tab. In this optimization tab if you turn this optimization our AI will automatically optimize your campaign 24x7 and here you can see that from day number one our ads get optimized by AI not by ourself. Here you can see it optimize enable learning phase. It's creative monitoring. It's checking the creative what's happening and according to that it will automatically optimize your campaign day by day. And here you can see the headlines, the primary text, uh images. Here you can see all of the images, video we select and also here you can see the old asset all of the things is removed or added. It's all by AI. So that's why if I give you a live example of a campaign, it's a sample. So if I go to this section, so here you can see we run a ads for interior. Here you can see they get almost 117 leads in the cost of 54 rupees and also they are spending almost 6,000 rupees. And the best part EI manage and optimize their campaign day by day. So how I show you in the optimization tab here you can see our AI will automatically start optimizing your campaign just like this. Here you can see the primary text headline and multiple images. Now I give you a real life example of a interior design form. So it's a basically a sample result which I'm share with you. Now here is the main part. If we click on this little graph button and here you can see how their campaign is working. Now they are spending 5,440 rupees and according to that they get almost 115 leads and the cost of just 47 rupees. And the best part all of the things optimize by AI. Here you can see that optimize enable start creative optimization. It's preparing the audience optimization and reevaluation. And how it's working. Here you can see all of the things. Here you can see optimization start working. It also like remove this primary text with this and everything is done by AI. And the best part here you can upload your more and more images, video and copy and just start testing. Our AI will automatically test and which is not working. It's automatically removed and it's same at audience level also. Okay. So that's the power of grow. I would highly recommend for now meta is way more harder than before. So now just go ahead grow.com and try this tool. I hope you love it. I will share on the comment or you can book the demo call with us. I will be sharing all of the link on the description also sharing the link of the Adromeda updates article link. Okay. So I hope this video is helpful for you. If you think you need more videos like this, just hit the like button and subscribe to our channel. Or you can comment us for any other videos what you like. Okay? And thank you.

- Andromeda? Novo META ADS 2025? Nova estrutura de campanhas? CUIDADO!: Kind: captions Language: en Beware of sensationalism when discussing changes to the goal and new campaign structures. Stick with me until the end of this video and I'll explain everything you need to know to avoid falling for scams. First of all, you know that on this channel I always bring valid, verified information, always in accordance with the official documentation of the goal. So I'll never bring assumptions here. And when I bring up something that relates to my opinion, I will make that very clear . And what I want to do today is demystify things that I'm seeing on the internet. I'm seeing a lot of posts on Instagram, I'm watching a lot of videos on the internet. There are channels out there posting four or five videos in a row saying "meta has changed everything again" just to create clickbait with sensationalism to get you to watch the video, and in the end, they're going to teach things that have already been happening for 6 or 7 months. So, first of all, in this video, I'm going to explain to you what the ideal campaign structure is, according to the most current recommendations from Meta, based on my understanding of how the tool works today, and according to all the official documentation and training from Meta. And there are plenty of videos and posts out there saying that now what matters is the quantity of creative people. People, for God's sake, what Meta has been officially promoting for a long time now is the simplification of the campaign structure. Fewer campaigns, fewer ad sets, and not more ads, just fewer ads, okay? So, some people are saying that what you need to do now is generate a lot of creative volume. You have to put a lot of creative people into the same campaign. By doing that, you're making the structure even more complex. Worse than that, you're spreading your budget across ads. So, what you always need to keep in mind when you're working on Metaeds or anything else related to ads is context. Understand the context of your business. Sometimes the tips and strategies that people talk about work for large accounts or specific businesses, but not for yours. It doesn't work the same for everyone. Sometimes, even identical accounts from identical businesses will operate differently. There are many factors, countless variables that change the results. And the first thing, I'll draw it for you to understand, the first thing you need to keep in mind here. What Meta recommends today is that you have a structure with fewer campaigns, fewer ad sets within them, and fewer ads within those sets as well, okay? It depends. And that's where I'll give you context. What is the context here regarding the number of ad sets, the number of campaigns, the number of ads, and how much budget you have available? So, for God's sake, when people talk about it, forget about this business of having to be a bunch of creative people now. No, no, no, no, no. You have to create as many creatives as your budget allows. So, if you work with micro-funds, with small budgets, okay? And when I say small budgets, anything below R$1,000 per day is considered a small budget, okay? Above R$1,000 per day, we start discussing larger budgets. But below R$ 1,000 per day, man, and I know that's the reality for at least 80% of the advertisers who are here on YouTube looking for help in the videos. Then I stumbled upon a video of one of these guys saying to create thousands of creatives every month. It's unfeasible for the business and you'll end up scattering your budget. It is clear. Understand mechanically how the goal will work, how it functions. It's not something that will happen from now on; it's how it's been working for quite some time now. When you allocate a budget these days, you do it here, at the campaign level. And the goal will automatically distribute that budget if you have more sets. And she always automatically distributes that budget among the creatives, okay? And how does she distribute it? Does she distribute it equally? No, she's going to evaluate your creatives, she's going to assess their likelihood of achieving the goal you want. So, if you've defined the sales objective here in the campaign, and this is very important for you to know, the goal will assess the probability of your creative achieving this, of generating sales. If she looks at the creatives and sees that they have a high probability of getting what you asked for, she starts investing more money in those who have the highest probability. As they start producing results, the tool automatically adjusts and redistributes the funds. This is done dynamically and in real time. The Andromeda metadata that everyone's saying is new now, which I already made a video about almost 7 months ago, has been operating in the background since last year, since November of last year, okay? There's nothing new there. The goal is to evolve further and further because it involves a set of artificial intelligences that learn over time. So she is responsible for helping to distribute that budget. She evaluates your creatives, the probabilities and results they are generating, and distributes your budget according to the creatives you have available. So if you have a lot of creative people here, what's going to happen? The goal is to avoid having the budget available to test these creatives and see which one will be successful. She's only going in based on estimates. And since you don't have enough fuel for those rockets, she'll sometimes underestimate some of them, maybe a few of them, and kill them prematurely. So, most likely you had creatives there with a high probability of generating results, but they were completely ignored by the AI of the goal because you don't have the budget available for them or because you have too many creatives within a campaign that has a budget that can't support them all. And that's how the quota system ends up eliminating those with the lowest probabilities, who could often be very good creative minds. And understand, when you have a small business, I know that to create this, man, to create different creatives, this took time, it cost money. It's your time and money that was wasted simply because you're using a structure that people are talking about, which is the new Metaeds campaign structure. So, pay close attention to that. The structure is simplified. If you work for less than R$1,000 a day, man, work with smaller structures. What do I recommend in terms of the number of creatives? Three to five creatives per group, maximum. If you're working with a small budget, create a campaign, put together a set of three to five creative elements, and let the artificial intelligence handle those—then you have a sufficient budget. If you're working with something that costs R$100 a day, man, three creatives at most, you're not going to get past that at all. Up to R$100 per day, don't create more than three projects per day, otherwise you'll be wasting your budget. and making the goal to kill creatives. And I say this based on the tests we see here every day. This goal will kill off creative people who might have had a great chance of becoming good creatives, and they'll simply be thrown away, wasted. Your time and money spent producing that wasted. Another thing is that the number of different creatives doesn't matter. You need to have truly different creative minds. And this is a clear recommendation in the goal's documentation. What do you have to change from one creative to another? It's not just about changing the COP, it's not just about changing the background, it's not just about changing the image. You have to change the creative context. Vary the context and approach your advertising from different angles. Create a video, a carousel, or an image. Here I've been testing variations and it's been working very well. And there's no such thing anymore of saying, "Oh man, it's better to make images now, it's better to make videos, it's better to make carousels now." Dude, it doesn't depend on thousands of business variations, seasonality, a whole bunch of things. Here are some accounts where I've seen the video perform really well for a week, then the image starts performing well the following week and surpasses the video. So understand, have these variations. If you only have a budget for three creative elements, vary them by including a video, a carousel, and an image, for example. Or if you want to do it, are you sure that video works better for you , do you feel more comfortable approaching the subject in video or image format? It completely changes the context, it changes the level of awareness with which you're speaking to the client. In a creative setting, speak from a more initial level of awareness. In the second creative phase, speak to someone with a slightly more advanced level of awareness—the person who already knows you and your product. In the third creative, speak to the level of awareness of someone who already knows your product, you already know it and are already thinking about buying it, almost like a retargeting strategy, you know? But that's what you need to vary in creatives. If you take everything I've said so far from this video and just record what I'm about to say, it'll already be worth it, man. It was worth my time to stop here and record this video. Instead of creating thousands of mediocre designs that wo n't offer much variation or significant results, create just three truly good ones . Spend the time you would spend creating 10 pieces of creative content that you're going to use in this campaign. Spend that time making three, but making three really good ones. Spend more time on each of them to create three pieces of creative that are truly different from each other and truly good, truly aligned with the audience you want to reach on every possible level you need to convert that audience. If you do this, then I'm sure you'll get results, not by following those scams people are talking about or those magic formulas that worked for me, where I manage millions a month. Dude, that's pure [ __ ]. And in addition to varying creatives, one thing you need to keep in mind is a well-done tracking system via pixel and conversion API. And I'm not talking about advanced tracing, no. If you're just starting out, you don't need to invest in that right now. You just need to make sure the rice and beans are cooked properly. Pixel and API versions, created and configured correctly in the event manager and properly integrated into your WordPress site, at least the basic and functional aspects should be done well. And that's what I teach in my new training program that I just launched, CDM, the Meta dataset, where you will learn everything step-by-step, from scratch to implementation on a WordPress website, using the best plugin on the market, which allows for various types of tracking. There will be a link in the description, but take advantage of it now because, like everything I release, the price will go up, and the current price is very low. So now is your chance to jump in, learn, and put it into practice right now. Thanks, a big hug, and see you next time. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @James.William [1 likes]: 🔥 AULA EXCLUSIVA sobre Pixel e API:
➽ https://jameswilliam.com.br/yt-cdm

✅ Confira so posts OFICIAIS da Meta de Nov/2024
➽ https://engineering-fb-com.translate.goog/2024/12/02/production-engineering/meta-andromeda-advantage-automation-next-gen-personalized-ads-retrieval-engine/?_x_tr_sl=en&_x_tr_tl=pt&_x_tr_hl=pt&_x_tr_pto=tc

➽ https://www.facebook.com/business/news/ai-innovation-in-metas-ads-ranking-driving-advertiser-performance

➽ https://www.facebook.com/business/news/the-creative-advantage-unlocking-the-power-of-diversification-with-meta-andromeda
  2. @agencia.dig.marketing [1 likes]: Resumo:
Menos é mais.
- A Meta recomenda estruturas simplificadas:
- Poucas campanhas.
- Poucos conjuntos de anúncios.
- Poucos criativos.
- Evite pulverizar o orçamento.
- Quando há muitos criativos com pouco orçamento (especialmente abaixo de R$ 1.000/dia), a IA não consegue testar tudo corretamente e “mata” bons anúncios antes do tempo.
- Quantidade ideal de criativos:
- 3 a 5 criativos por conjunto é o ideal.
- Para microverbas (até R$ 100/dia), no máximo 3 criativos.
- Varie o contexto, não só a estética.

- tenta usar criativos realmente diferentes: mudar ângulo, formato (vídeo, imagem, carrossel), e o nível de consciência do público (frio, morno, quente).
- O foco deve ser qualidade e propósito, não volume.
- Orçamento e distribuição.
- O orçamento agora é definido no nível da campanha (CBO).
- A Andrômeda redistribui esse valor automaticamente para os criativos com melhor desempenho.
- Tracking básico é essencial o Pixel e API de conv configurados corretamente é fundamental para o aprendizado da IA.
  3. @alessasiqueira9256: No curso ensina também os formatos do criativo e vídeos aceitos pela META?
  4. @mariabarros1511: Tudo o que estava buscando, encontrei nesse vídeo... Valeu demais!!
  5. @ybsandre: Vou te falar, a galera é foda em... Esse hype da possível "nova atualização" chegou até mim essa semana. Analisei aqui, o post da Meta foi em dezembro de 2024, e é resumidamente uma atualização do sistema de IA para aumentar a eficiência e reduzir a ineficiência. Não tem nada de estrondoso em relação aos anúncios, inclusive precede a melhora dos mesmos.
  6. @Rogériodosreis-v3o: Si subir um só funciona
  7. @nekotrap9074: Devo admitir, eu não tava entendo sobre o adromeda, tu é um cara foda, merece o que tem e merece o triplo, parabéns lenda
  8. @ronessopereiradesousa3819: Show obrigado
  9. @gsformulas: Hoje tive uma reunião com uma consultora da meta e o que ela recomenda é exatamente o contrário que você falou... Informou que você deve ter no mínimo 7 criativos. 
Cuidado com o que fala. Sua interpretação não é a recomendação da empresa. Primeiro fazer uma consultoria com alguém interno para depois falar
  10. @cidadesdeminasgeraiss: Parabéns 👍👍
  11. @paulamariotto1: Obrigada! Vídeo super didático e de fácil entendimento. Estou há pouco tempo trabalhando com anúncios e já conseguiu me ajudar.
  12. @navegaripoll: Antes, a recomendação era separar em conjunto de anúncios separados os públicos de remarketing do público semelhate. Hoje em dia continua assim?
  13. @lemojf: Se eu não uso o site para fazer a venda, apenas pelo WhatsApp, o que você recomenda em termos de Pixel e trackeamento?
  14. @bypromodapaty: Tenho um perfil de Promos e achados. E faço campanha direto pra shopee. Não preciso vender exatamente o produto que divulgo,pq o mais importante é levar pro aplicativo. O jogo muda? Ou uma campanha com um conjunto de anúncio e um anúncio da pra performar bem?
  15. @maryshopmoda: Perfeito, já estava assustada! 😅😅
  16. @luanrogeriomedeiros: Parabéns pelo vídeo meu mano!
  17. @Assh_055: Obrigado pelo vídeo, muito eaclarecedor. Mas tem algo que me deixa desconfortável ainda. (Não sou gestor)

Usar só 1 campanha, de conversão por exemplo, me parece estranho, como as pessoas vão passar de público frio pra público morno/quente? Entendo a lógica de ângulos/contextos diferentes, adaptar de acordo com nível de consciência, mas pq não usar campanha de reconhecimento (para público frio) que é mais barato?

Desculpa a ignorância.
  18. @luciovsc2786: O mais didático e assertivo para falar sobre Propaganda e marketing no Meta. Realmente faz propaganda e marketing, o resto ensina "trafego pago".
  19. @games-off-f3l: e se modelar um criativo já escalando dos outros concorrentes? é uma boa ideia?
  20. @diogenesfernando7615: Cara! Que conteúdo sensacional!

- The Truth About Meta's Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en By now, you've probably heard of Meta's new Andromeda update. [music] Now, this is not exactly new. We've been getting hints about this since 2024, and they first announced this [music] in March of 2025. In today's video, I'm going to break down exactly what this update is and how to work with it. I'm going to share some of the patterns and recommendations that I've been seeing and share what's been working for me. So, without further ado, let's get into it. All right, you guys. So, we're going to check out Meta's announcement from March of 2025 where they explain exactly what the uh changes to the algorithm are. So, check this out. It says AI innovations in Meta's ad ranking driving advertiser performance. So, here the first change that they made was Meta's gem, the superbrain. It says generative ad recommendation models. Gem is a powerful new machine learning model trained on thousands of GPUs to optimize results for ad products, delivering an improvement in ad performance. Gem enables the ad system to rapidly process large amounts of data to deliver highly relevant and personalized ads and has enabled a paradigm shift for recommener systems. We recently rolled out GEM more broadly in our ad systems following the the success in improved ad conversion results in meta reels earlier this year. Okay, so you can see they had been actually kind of testing this for a long time, probably in 2024. It says, "Said differently. Imagine having a superb brain that can read an entire library of books in seconds. Understand the relationship between all the characters, remember every single detail, and connect the details into an understanding of the sequence of events a person goes through across all types of activities." That's what Gem does for Meta's ad systems. catalogs, analyze, and connects trillions of pieces of information, making it incredibly intelligent and effective. With GEM, Meta's recommendation system learns from an enormous amount of data, recognizes subtle patterns, and provides the most relevant ads to the right person at the right time with low latency. That's super interesting. Okay, so basically, they've upgraded their ads system to get the ads in front of more relevant people. Next, the second update, Meta Lattis, the giant library. This says, "Metais is our ad ranking architecture that allows us to generalize learnings across campaign objectives and surfaces in place of numerous smaller ad models that have historically been optimized for individual objectives and surfaces. This is not only leading to an increased efficiency as we operate fewer fewer models, but also improving ad performance. These significantly larger models are able to learn more because they can represent steps that people take in their purchase journey across surfaces and campaigns. When they say surfaces, I think they mean like the phone, tablet, uh computer. Says here, said differently, think of metal lattice as one giant library. In the past, we had many small libraries, each dedicated to a specific subject like history or art. Each library had its own set of books and librarians who were experts in that one subject. Now with Metalattis, it's like we've combined all the small libraries into one, connecting information from all subjects. It doesn't just have more books. The expert librarians can also learn from all the books it has and apply that knowledge to different subjects. This is much more efficient because we only maintain one library and it can help people find better information faster, no matter what they're looking for. In the world of ads, this means we can use one powerful system to improve how ads are shown to people, making them more relevant and effective rather than relying on smaller systems that each focuses on one type of ad product or placement destination. So, if you've seen like they've been slowly pulling away interest targeting, right? They've been combining interests. They've been taking away um different targeting options and pushing us to go to broad, right? So I think this is kind of a result of that, right? They are trying to just consolidate everything into one model. It's so smart that it's going to show the ad to the right person at the right time without us having to do all that manual kind of hacky media buying that we used to do say 5 years ago. So next, Meta Andromeda. So this is the true Andromeda update. Okay, the personal concierge. Meta Andromeda is an innovative end-to-end hardware software machine learning co-design system introduced in 2024 with Metatraining and inference accelerator and NVIDIA Grace Hopper Superchip. This more efficient system enables 10,000 times increase in the complexity of models used for ads retrieval. The first step in the ranking process where we narrow down a pool of tens of millions of ads to the few thousands we consider showing someone. The increase in model complexity enables running far more sophisticated prediction models to better personalize ads and as a business upload more and more creatives to support a diversification strategy. Meta Andromeda works behind the scenes to power more complex models that allows Meta to pick the right creative to deliver more personalized ads that are relevant and interesting. Said differently, imagine having a personal concierge who knows your taste so well that they don't just understand that you covet shoes, but that you like to wear red flip-flops at the beach. Meta Andromeda learns your preferences so Meta can show you ads that are more relevant and interesting. I'm going to link this one uh to the bottom because this is very very interesting. I'm going to link this in the in the description of the video so you can read this. So, that's super interesting, right guys? It's it's basically saying the model has just gotten way more sophisticated uh both from a hardware, software, and machine learning perspective. And it's going to be able to pick that pool of initial people that the ad optimizes towards and those people are going to be more relevant. And then it's going to drill down and find the right people faster. That's the theory, right? They haven't been working that well to start, but I think over time this is going to get smarter and smarter and smarter and more efficient. So, that's something to look out for. And then the last one here, it says sequence learning, the memory game. Sequence learning is an AI modeling technique that enables our ad systems to consider the sequence of actions a person takes before and after seeing an ad. This allows a deeper understanding of the purchase journeys people take, allowing us to deliver more personalized and relevant ads at the right time. Sequence model learning techniques do this by more deeply understanding patterns around a conversion to better infer sequence of ads or for optimizing future conversions for a purchase. So I'm going to click this one too. It says set differently. For example, previously with traditional aggregate data models, if a user converted on one ski resort ad, they may continue to see other ski resort ads. With recent changes to our ads learning model, after purchasing a ski resort room, a person would now see ads for ski equipment, lift tickets, or ski luggage, providing more relevant ad personalization to the purchase journey. I think that ski example is just super clear, makes a lot of sense, right? If you buy ski resort tickets, well, next you're going to get lodging, ski gear, and stuff like that. So, um, it's not just going to keep recommending you more and more ski resort tickets. So that is super interesting. Uh but these are the main four uh updates to the algorithms that we've seen throughout 2025. All right guys, so let's talk about more practically like what does this mean for advertisers today? What am I seeing across the board with this Andromeda update? Because I've been advertising this whole year, all of last year, the year before. So I' I've been able to watch how the algorithm is behaving differently now than it used to be. So, first let's talk about trusting the algorithm. Okay? Do we trust the algorithm? Now, for me, there's like two different camps, right? There's people all the way on the left side that are like, "Trust the algorithm 100%. You're not smarter than the algorithm. Just give it what it wants and it's going to find the best thing for you." And then there's other people on the far other end of the spectrum that are like, "Don't trust the algorithm at all. only do bid caps, cost caps, manual [clears throat] test everything, one ad per ad set, minimum spends, like they don't trust the algorithm at all. I personally am somewhere in the middle. Okay, I trust the algorithm to a degree, but I do my best to kind of guide it in the right direction. And you know if I give power to the algorithm like for example just doing completely broad throwing a bunch of ads and I see that it's not giving me me the right results or directing spend to the right thing well then I I take away some of that power and I start um you know putting more guard rails on the algorithm. So in general I trust but I verify with the algorithm I guess you could say. You know, I try to guide the algorithm as much as I can because remember guys, what does Meta care about, right? Meta cares about daily active users on their systems on Meta on Facebook, on Instagram, WhatsApp, stuff like that threads. So that's their primary concern. So as long as people are getting a good experience on those platforms, the advertisers will always be there. Advertisers truly feel like a secondary thought even though we drive most of their revenue. So what's important to note is second meta systems are designed to extract as much money from us the advertisers as humanly possible. It's not necessarily to make us profitable or to help us grow our business or anything like that. Yes, of course they're uh sort of incentivized to give us good results, but it's not like a democracy. It's not like everybody gets a fair chance really. It's whoever spends the most gives people good experience on the platform and follows the rules even that's kind of gray area um wins. Okay. So to give you a good example, right? If we were to just follow every recommendation that Meta gives like inside the opportunity score, what I find is that actually kills our results. It it gives us terrible results when we just blindly follow what Meta says. And I'm sure you've seen like for example the high performing badge that shows up on some campaigns sometimes with campaigns that are doing terribly. Well yeah you want me to scale my terrible results. Beautiful. Thank you Meta. Right. So there's there's a ton of examples like this. But my point is you cannot just blindly trust Meta. Obviously there's some people that do. Uh but I think that's a huge mistake. You need to watch every dollar and cent that goes through the system and make sure that it's being spent effectively and make sure that um you know you're meeting your business goals, not Metas, right? Meta makes enough money in my opinion. Um we need to be the ones that make the money, right? If we're playing this game. So that's my thoughts on trusting the algorithm, right? So now let's talk about how I practically do that. Like when it comes to testing, I personally think the one CBO strategy uh is kind of dumb. I have a whole video about it here. And that truly is like just trusting the algorithm completely. You just do one CBO. You do a bunch of different adsets in there for each new group of ads and you just let the algorithm figure out uh what works and what doesn't. Now, there's a lot of reasons why I don't like that. You can watch that video if uh you want to know my reasons, but uh it can work for larger ad accounts that are getting a lot of conversion data, but for most people, it's not a good strategy. Now, how do I test? Well, I also have a video here where I explain exactly how I test, and this is still how I'm testing today, October 2025. it still works quite well and it's kind of somewhere in the middle uh where I'm trusting the algorithm to a degree but not giving it full rain. Okay, so what does that mean? I tend to do single ad set CBOS, right? So, one campaign, one ad set, and then three to five ads and um or I will do an campaign, which is like a testing campaign. And each new ad set will have three to five ads. And that's kind of the the testing strategy that I do. If the results, for example, if the results uh aren't that good, like Meta is directing spend to the wrong ad or an ad that's giving poor results and the average results of the ad set are poor, I will then step in and optimize by turning off the ad that's taking spend and giving poor results, right? That's a very common practice and a lot of times that can actually improve results. Doesn't always, okay? Sometimes you can just break the whole thing, which happens, but a lot of times you can actually improve results doing that. So, um, that's an example of like I'm trusting the algorithm to a degree because I'm putting like five ads inside. I'm allowing Meta to say pick the winner within these five ads. But like I said, it's not always right. You know, there's people that say, "Oh, the breakdown effect. Meta is always right." But it's I mean, honestly, I see it so many times where Meta will direct spend to an ad that gives me terrible results. I turn it off. it starts redistributing the budget to the rest of the ads and the the results improved. That's that's called optimization. That's something we've been doing for years. Still works. So, be very careful with that. Another thing that people say is if an ad doesn't get spend, that means it's a bad ad. Meta's algorithm knows it's a bad ad. That couldn't be further from the truth. I see all the time where things that don't get spent in one ad set, we can duplicate them into a separate ad set, force them to get spend, and it actually works. and it might even outperform the other thing that was taking spent. So that happens all the time. Okay. So now let's talk about u the different behaviors that I'm seeing inside of an ad set. Right? So let's say you have one ad set, three to five ads. Well, sometimes one ad will take 90% of the spend and the rest won't get any spend. So that's we call that like a dominant ad, right? That can be like a double-edged sword. can be amazing if the dominant ad is giving you good rorowaz, but it could be terrible if the dominant ad is giving you terrible rorowaz, the average results are poor, and the other ads didn't get any spend, right? So, it's kind of tricky if that happens. You have to do some uh optimization at the ad level and potentially turn off um something that's taking spend and not giving you good results. Something that's super important to note is the average results of the ad set. Let's say the top spender is taking a lot of spend, giving you poor results, but the bottom four ads are giving you some decent or high rorowaz. Well, it could be that the top ad is acting kind of like a top offunnel and then the other ads are acting as like a retargeting kind of like that fullfunnel approach. And if the average results are okay or good, there's an argument to just leave it alone, right? Don't don't mess with it. But if the average results are poor, then you need to step in and do something about it. Otherwise, I mean, what? You just have something that's losing you money. So, pretty logical, pretty obvious, but some people argue against that. They say you should never turn off the uh top spending ad. Uh that's the best ad no matter what. That is always right. Okay, so that's the first behavior that I see. Now, the second behavior that I see is where all the ads get about equal spend inside the adset. And that could be equally tricky because maybe each ad doesn't get enough to get that conversion. So that could be really tricky as well. And same thing, we really need to focus on the average results of the ad set. Okay, the last behavior that I'm seeing uh right now that is kind of annoying is cannibalization of results. And what do I mean by that? So let's say you have a campaign that's consistently bringing you 10 results every day, 10 purchases a day or 10 leads a day, and you're spending $100. Well, if you say create a new uh campaign and you spend another $100, sometimes you'll start getting instead of 10 results here and 10 results there, you'll start getting five and five, right? So, you're still getting 10 results a day. You're spending $200 now instead of $100. And it's almost like the two campaigns are competing against each other. This is something that I'm seeing consistently now. Uh it's it's it's always kind of happened, but I feel like now with the Andromeda update, it's happening more and more. So how do we combat this? How do we get this to not happen? Well, that leads to the next point which is something that Meta recommends which is creative diversity. So what is creative diversity? Creative diversity means different creative formats, right? So statics, videos, carousels, uh even within videos, maybe you have like UGC, founder videos, polished videos, raw videos. Um so just different styles, right? within statics, maybe you have, you know, us versus them, a benefits focus one, problem solution, right? Just really, really varying up the angles, the headlines, the format. Just having a very diverse set of creative uh can help because you end up targeting different pockets of people. Okay, we've talked about pockets and hot pockets a lot on this channel. Um, that's still still very much a thing. So ways to to beat this cannibalization or self-co competition is to have different creative formats. Another thing is targeting completely different angles, right? So um for example, in my case, I have a school group where uh maybe one of my angles is fire your ad agency, you can learn how to run meta ads yourself. That's one angle. But the another angle could be have a meta ads expert in your corner 24/7. That's a completely different angle. Maybe these are two different personas, two different customer profiles, but you know they both are buying but if we target both then uh each one is a different like pocket of people and maybe they won't compete with each other. So that's another way to break through it. Uh another way is to um use cost caps and bid caps. Sometimes that can you know avoid uh like manual bidding that can help you avoid that cannibalization. Another thing is scaling into different languages. If you scale different languages, you're most likely going to hit different people. Uh, and you'll avoid that self-co competition. Targeting different countries is another way to do it to avoid the self-co competition. You can have the same ad here and then launch the same exact ad in a different country and obviously you're not going to be competing with yourself in that case because it's just different people. Yeah. So, look out for that self-competition. I feel like that's happening a lot more lately. But guys, if you have been watching my videos on my channel, if you've been looking at my case studies and stuff, I'm really still running the same playbook. Um, I've been testing new features here and there. Oh, another thing. Meta talks a lot about mixing creative formats inside of an ad set, right? They say you should mix videos with statics and carousels and cataloges allin one and you're going to get the best results. Now, I think that could be true if you had all winners, like things that have been proven, you know, they work. But, uh, what I found is when you're testing new things, it's not the best to mix them all together because Meta's algorithm will prioritize spend towards certain formats like reels, cataloges, stuff like that over static images, for example. So, it's important that you separate those things out. So statics with statics, videos with videos, carousels with carousels, cataloges alone, because otherwise it's not really an applesto apples comparison. It's not fair to the statics compared to the videos because Meta's algorithm favors the videos. So it's like it's they're not going to get a fair shake. So I always separate things out um when I'm testing, but when I have winners and I know these things work, you can put them all together. And I' I think it does work. Uh, I don't see a massive improvement in performance from mixing the the different creative formats in one, but that seems to be what Meta is recommending and what it wants. So, I'm trying to give it what it wants, you know, when it makes sense. So, I know that was kind of like a long like fluid, you know, stream of consciousness type of video, but this is what I'm seeing in the algorithm right now. This is what I'm seeing being in the arena every day running ads, interacting with this uh system. Um the last thing that I want to say is creative is the new targeting and that it it's just so obvious, so clear uh the way that the uh algorithm is working. I think of it like an AI tool just like Claude Chatgpt Gemini, you're prompting an AI. So if you can give uh super clear and specific guidance to the machine as to who you're trying to target. So that means long- form copy, very clear ads, very specific ads, you will have better results. It will get in front of more people that you're trying to target. So I can't stress enough how important copywriting is in today's day and age. And clear writing that is so under uh rated right now. Just being able to write in a clear and concise way, in a persuasive and compelling way is so effective right now. So, this goes to your scripts that you make in your videos, your primary text, your landing page copy, everything. I mean, these things have always been around, right? We've been studying this for years, but it's more powerful now than ever to have clear writing, good copywriting principles, persuasive, compelling ad copy. So, focus on that. Focus on the creative. You can still play around with the different settings, placements, audiences, and stuff like that if you need to, but if broad is working, just focus 100% on the creatives, offers, angles, and headlines, hooks. I mean, these this is what really drives uh the performance improvement. This is what moves the needle. So, anyways guys, thank you so much for watching. We'll leave it at that. If you want to dive deeper, I will see you inside of my school group. Thank you. All right, you guys. That's it for today's video. Thank you so much for watching. If you found value in this video, please send it to somebody that you think would benefit from it. Give it a thumbs up and make sure to subscribe for more. I'm putting out new videos every single week. If you're looking to join a community of high-level advertisers where we are discussing the absolute latest of what's working in Meta Ads, then you need to join Meta Ads Mastery. The group is growing super fast. We have a ton of super experienced advertisers, e-commerce owners, agency owners, affiliate marketers, school group owners, creative strategists, media buyers, you name it, they're in the group and they're discussing what's working and what's not at [music] scale. So, if you are looking to join a community like that and you want to get one-on-one access [music] to me to help you through all your problems, I can help save you time, money, and [music] headaches. So, definitely check it out. We have a 7-day free trial and a one-year money back guarantee. [music] So, it is an absolute nobrainer to join the group. The group is only $99 a month and the value that you get inside is [music] insane, guys. You don't have to take my word for it. You can try it completely free and I will see you on the inside. Thank you so much. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cristianchiarelli9725 [3 likes]: how to structure account right now? in the past i used 1 campaign for stable/scaling, one for testing, one for retargeting and one for traffic/engagement
  2. @vaidaskabu [2 likes]: With the Andromeda update and the push for creative diversification, do you let every ad in an ad set to spend at least 2–3× CPA spend before pausing, or do you still cut underperformers early based on top-of-funnel signals (CTR, CPC, LPV)? Also, are there cases where you’d pause the entire ad set instead of just individual ads—and what thresholds trigger that decision?
  3. @CarolDavies-k1t [2 likes]: Hey Michael, I'm interested in your Meta Ads Mastery program and have a few questions.  Do you have an email you can share.  Thanks.
  4. @ayyazahmad1055 [1 likes]: thank you so much for the video michael! ever since this update the volatility has been off the charts. can cost caps or bid caps potentially help with that? also do you ever do any exclusions?
  5. @NoahTheSwola [1 likes]: Fire post as per usual
  6. @dominik.szewior [1 likes]: A lot of common sense here.
  7. @jeannetremblay2146: La ou la lumière habite aucune ombre ne résiste ❤❤❤
  8. @rafaelmezabehr3090: So, when you test 5 ads in a single ad set CBO, if one or two ads are not getting good results you just pause them? Do you also reduce the daily budget that ad or two ads were spending (like if ure doing $100 a day and pause 2 ads you reduce $40 or just let those $40 redistribute to the 3 active ads?). Last question: When you pause a low performing ad you never add a new add to that specific ad set right? like once the campaign is running you either pause or test in a new campaign? Thank You
  9. @JeffLewistennis: Hey. Beginner here. I sell online courses so feel like I need a warm audience. Do I just put my TOF ads in with my CTA ads? Or is there a better strategy? Thanks!

- Urgent: Explaining Facebook Andromeda for Small Businesses (Full Guide!): Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda, let's discuss in this video how small to medium-siz businesses can stop the confusion of what is going on in the meta world and actually get to grips with what they need to do. And after this video, you will be completely free of all the confusion and know what to do. I'm joined today by Olivia Tut, my colleague, and myself, Nick Bodington. So, why would you trust us? We run accounts for 200 plus businesses and we are also in the same world as you figuring this path out. We've just tested it in lots and lots of different businesses and I'm going to tell you today the way to structure your ad account and how to move forward after this video. So what is Meta Andromeda? Andromeda. I keep saying Andromeda, but it's Andromeda apparently. So if we look into Meta's explanation here, so as usual with this, we are not going to understand pretty much anything in here. Mhm. So, Meta Andromeda supercharging advantage plus automation with the next generation um nextg personalized ads retrieval engine. But what does this mean? So, in layman terms, what we've been doing for the last 10 years in meta is been really really good. And I I would say until the last 2 years, there's been people just making so much money out of just throwing a load of okay stuff at the platform using an amazing database um which is an adset and your demographics and you can really niche down. Now that's become bigger and bigger than this. We need millions in audience now, but back in the day you could really niche down to smaller audiences. Now what we've seen over the last couple of years is the fact that we've had dynamic creative has come out. We've been using that for years and loving it, haven't we? >> That's now turned to flexible. But what those essentially do is allow you to have >> 10 creatives in an ad, five primary text, five descriptions, and five headlines. Now, if we think about all the advertising that's going on on meta in the world there, that's a lot of stuff going into a computer. And we we look at this and it's a very very intelligent computer. And I know that every advertiser over the last few years have been trying to fight it and hack it. And we've been saying no, just go with it. Use advantage plus broad and going with the dip and changes that are happening. But what Meta's realized is is that it's not as powerful as it needs to be. And with the adoption of AI, they've now put an AI chip into which is an Nvidia GraceHopper super chip. it says here has gone into Meta's algorithm really simply to to help it understand us as an audience, the people we're trying to sell to, whether it's lead gen or it's e-commerce, and buy products or services, and how much creative we can put into the platform, and let it do a really good job of finding the person who's going to buy that product from the ad that's talking to that person. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. So we know that in the last I mean I suppose it's been a real big change for us in the last year and a half because we've gone into different types of testing and I think one of the things that why we've always been successful especially with helping small to mediumsiz businesses is the fact that >> a lot of our clients will have low budgets. >> Yeah. >> You know some some even like can we use £5 a day or $5 a day which is like no >> but you know 2020 20 or $20 a day is not unusual for most Facebook advertisers. And the reason why I wanted to explain on this video with us talking about it is the fact that you know everyone's talking about the tens, the hundreds, the millions of pounds a day spend like literally I'm not even exaggerating there. That's a very small amount of the world who are doing that. So, I wanted to do this video about how we can then restructure or teach small businesses how they can structure because we know in our school community, the ads clinic that people are getting really really even spending 1020 a day, they're worried about how do I do this? I've never known any I've never known any time that apart from really lookalikes when they came out like over 10 years ago that people are talking about so many things so much and panicking and I don't know whether it's the word and Andromeda um you know that space and AI thing but people are really sort of worried so on this on this video I want to basically break down how we've been doing it and what we need to do now from the accounts that we work on, small and large and medium, >> to what I'm seeing on from all these other gurus out there on YouTube who've got, you know, these $100,000 a day accounts. U must be loads of them because there's loads of YouTube videos. Um, so so let's should we go into it? Let's see. So basically, let's let's let's just do a little bit of a diagram here. So >> the way we've been doing up until now, I'm not going to go right back into the past. There's no there's no point. But let's say if we look at the last few years, we've had a campaign right now. Correct me live if I if I go through this and you think it's slightly different. And then we have an adset and we've been working really up until now using >> Mhm. >> Which is adset budget optimization. So rather than having our budget up here at campaign level, we've had it here. >> Yeah. Correct. Mhm. >> Now we've we would have then one ad in this. Okay. And we would test one ad. Now, as time's gone by, I would say in the last year or so, we've started testing different things in that ad set, haven't we? So, we Let me just um So, we got this add two, add three. Okay. And that might be broken down by hooks, correct? >> Yeah. So, we'll be doing uh maybe the same video with different text on it going to this adset. We'll find a winner and let's say that's number one. And then we'll go into different audiences and we would say ads set two might be a lookalike and ad set three might be interest. Yeah. >> You agree with that? >> I'd agree. Now, I know every different lots of accounts do different things in different ways and they might have more creatives in here because they've got more to spend, but we would say then, you know, your minimum spend on each adset would be £10 a day or $10 a day. >> Maybe even 20 depending on how many ads are in here. So, we'd start paying quite close attention to these ads can't be using uh five primary text. You've just giving or five head and five headlines because we're giving too much into it. And we've sort of worked off that that we wouldn't go more than four or five in an adset >> um because we don't want to give the computer the computer's going to struggle on the amount. So we we'd be controlling by budget. >> If you got if you had each of these adsets had a hundred a day then we know that we could we could have more ads in it. >> Yeah. Ads, more copy to test. Yeah. >> So that's the way we're doing it. And I would say there are still a lot of counts working this way and it works right now. The the next way of doing this, I'll move this up. The new way is one campaign, one adset, and loads of ads. This is what meta is saying. This is what people are saying. Like 50 in the same thing. Now, I don't think you need 50. A no one's talking about well, everyone's talking about this adset having or this campaign. That's the other thing. We're running on a CBO campaign for this. Now, really, from my experience, if you were running an here or a CBO with a budget, doesn't really matter >> because it's only being split down into here. We're not running multiple adsets in here. So CBA is not CBO is not going to find a winning adset. >> It's got one or the other, but just for ease when setting up your campaign, just do CBO and choose your daily spend. Let's say you're starting off at 20 a day, 50 a day, right? And we've got all these adsets in here. Now, the confusing thing is here where I've seen lots of people sort of going wrong is that they go they're reading it and saying, "Right, 50, you need to put in 50 creatives." >> All that needs to be unique. >> So, they're putting 50 creatives in. Yeah. They're basically going into Canva and just going >> essentially, I'm going to create 50 creatives. I'm not really going to do much thought about it, and I'm going to put them in there and see what works. >> But they're forgetting what we do up here. which is we actually go oh sorry we actually it's using a pen as well we actually go through testing to find out what these winners are but we've still got to go through testing here and I think this is where there's loads of confusion even in my own because as I'm building out different ad accounts to spend money I'm going with my old testing structure and I've come to realize that that old testing structure isn't old it's it's the right way to do it so we have our our adset here which is our scaling control ad set. It's always going to be on and we're going to have ads in here which are going to be I would say more realistically we're going to have maybe five or six >> right >> different concepts but we'll get >> and you can filter those out you know after a couple of weeks months you think you know that message isn't right anymore if it's more timely they you can turn them off yeah that's what tends to work you know you have something running for months or so depending on like a season or whatever it might be put on product Yeah. >> And then you sil paying attention to what the winners are >> cuz what met what meta is essentially saying is we're not we're not doing the retargeting anymore as a campaign. It's all happening in here. And we'll get on to the concepts in a minute of how we of how that sort of works. But from a testing point of view, we're going to have another ad set, another campaign, but this one is going to be And in here, we're going to have different adsets or concepts or batches, however you want to call it, with their own daily budget, >> but all the same audience. >> All the same audience. Yeah. So, just to clarify, this is now advantage plus. >> We are I'm not even going to talk about interest cuz I don't think they're going to be around. No, I don't think so. >> So, what one thing you'll notice in the opportunity score, the opportunity score goes up to 100% when you're using full 100% advantage plus. As soon as you start taking out things like music off your creative or uh putting an age group in the audience, your opportunity score goes down. That's meta's way of saying I'm now you're I'm now in complete control 100%. Okay. Now, we don't want to I don't think we ever want to give it complete control. Um I I think I heard an example the other day of someone who it was a funeral company and they put a video out and or a static out and then like Spanish music was over the top of it. Yeah. >> Dance music. >> So it's not great. >> So >> you still just have to tweak it a little bit, don't you? >> Exactly. So let's say that's adset one, two, two, and three. Different concepts. So, I would say I'm not saying actually at the moment that we get rid of doing one video and trying different text hooks on top of it because I still see it working as tests. >> Yeah. Massively. >> But if we were to just have everything looking too similar, when we move into this winning one, we'll end up with five to 10 or 20 or 50 ads that all look too similar. And that's what [clears throat] we don't want. >> No. And I think this is where this sort of like testing bit comes in. I think that each of the adsets which is your different like your different topic or your you know whatever it might be. It could be in ads set one you have five creatives all the same video different hooks. Yeah. But at least that then but then ads set two the creative element >> needs to be so different concept needs to be different. So the vid so the video or static creative in each adset needs to be different for each concept. >> Yes. >> But the hooks >> you can then still have the hooks. >> Now we've been doing these concept things for a while in the agency. We've sat down in our teams and everything and gone what different things we do because our clients have had enough spend that we actually have to think about it. >> So for anyone who isn't who if it's completely new to you this way of thinking of different concepts or different way you're going to speak to that customer >> then you've been doing it wrong any anyway >> you should always be calling out. We've been we've been calling out to to an ideal customer for >> forever since we've done it. We haven't just put willy-nilly up. So ad set one then based on what you're saying we could just do four ads in there. >> So one two three four and they're going to be a test. >> Right now we're looking for a winner in these. Now when we were talking earlier about even we want even if we're not going to do text overlay. Let's say we've got a particular product and that product's a razor, right? A women's leg razor. >> If that women's leg razor is going to different age groups. We've got we've got um girls who are starting >> Mhm. and they they're thinking, you know, they're going into super drug and they're going, "Oh, I need new razor, right?" And they don't know what to get cuz it's brand new. You've got the cheap big ones, haven't you? And then more expensive ones. >> So that they're a they're they're a group concept which has got loads of different stuff you could do in it. Yeah. >> And then you've got 30 to 50 who are going to be doing things in a different way. And then you've got 50 plus who are going to do things in a different way. >> So those are the different concepts of how you speak to those people. But then can that razor be used for men? So then you're in the whole world of men as well. >> So you can see how these ad sets are just going to get more and more and more and more based on all the different concepts people are doing. But I would I'm not against carrying on with like oh we've got a video that works really really well. Like for an example at the moment I've got an an account where a video is done really really well and the client saying to me but we need to move into this Andromeda way of doing ads. And I'm like, well, we are we're building it in that way. But I can guarantee you if we do that, if we take that video you're getting at the moment, which is doing really well, and we put some different text overlays over it to call out a different person to call out someone, >> you will see some winners. And already within 12 hours, we've seen one bringing in uh purchases £11 when his average is £40. >> So, it's working. So, I don't think I I think what I'm seeing in the marketplace at the moment is everyone's gone, "Oh my god, it's now on this. We need to switch overnight." I just think gradually move into this as long as you keep this sort of setup and go, "Right, I'm going to have one campaign, one ad sets, and I'm going to build winning ads." Even if on day one you have one or two winning ads in here, >> next week build another one into it because of a test, and the week after build another into it, and before you know it, you've got 10 ads in here >> and then you just keep on building this. It's actually a really nice, simple way. I think >> I think it's having the fundamentals there like the groundwork which is this. >> And then as you say slowly going into it and not being completely scared by it cuz if you're then just chucking things out there you think it's the right thing to do. You're then not knowing what results to look at. >> You're then confusing yourself and you know the computer. >> Absolutely. So I mean I think you know here we how much money should people spend? 80% up here. Oh, Christ. 80% up here and 20% in your testing. Now, that doesn't have to be strict. You could do 60 to 80 up. Sorry. You know, you could do have 40% left over here and then put 40% in here. It depends on what how many you're testing because if you're going to do an which I'm advising doing, and each one of these assets is going to have 2020 20 on it or $20, that's 60 a day already up here. So, then you need to make sure this has got more in it. This is going to be quite hard for small budget advertisers. >> Yeah, >> they might just have to wing it a little bit more and have their 20 a day up here and have four ads and basically not do the testing. >> It's hard, isn't it? It's hard. we're going really low on budgets, but we know that with all the people in our community >> and like one of mine, the clothing company, like a local clothing company, that's what I'm having to do because she's only got 2030 a day to spend. So to test actually her overall ROI by having, you know, 30% of her 30 day budget, that's going to knock her all the way down because you're not going to get as many sales. So that's what I'm finding is having one campaign, one ad set with the whole 30 pan a day budget. >> And having then she got about six now. >> Ads in there and then just continually monitoring then filtering out any older ones where you're seeing, you know, frequency go up and clickthrough rates go down cuz it's been seen too many times. And that is working for her. So you are it's a it's a mini test in itself, but I think that's the way that people are going to have to go with a smaller budget. So would you your example there would you keep it in this structure as one >> keep it exactly in that structure >> and turn off ones that just aren't getting anything and then look at the ones [clears throat] that are >> and then >> go away go into Canva or wherever you're doing it build some more and add them to this. >> Yeah. Basically I'm working from the bottom up. If and like with anything you know after 5 to seven days you are seeing that some of the creatives aren't working as well they are you know turn them off straight away. But what I'm finding is the longer things are on actually meta is now starting to not give them as much budget. >> It's like they're saying actually people have seen this it's has been resonating it's now not. So I'm then before it gets to that low point of results I'm turning them off then allowing the top ones that I've just added in to match in the middle. >> That's a great point. So that's one thing that I'm finding [clears throat] no one's educating on. >> Mhm. is we've always had this problem and I think I think everyone watching this will agree that Meta will find a favorite. >> Yeah. Always. >> Okay. >> Now, if I go back to that Razor company I'm talking about and they've got decent budgets, right? So, they, you know, they're wanting to spend a,000 days. So, it's not small small money. >> They've got a particular ad which is winning and taking all the budget. So, we've built out this this top campaign just like, you know, Andromeda says, and we've got in there at the moment seven ads that are working, right? They're winners. One's taking most of that budget, 90% of that budget. >> But his cost per purchase is too high. >> Right. Now, you could say it from an ME point of view, but that's coming into the into the company. They're ordering. They're going to buy more razors on top of it. And yes, the company as a whole from what they're putting out onto their spend compared to what they're taking in as revenue, they're about 1.7 rorowaz, right? >> But if we can bring that cost per purchase down, that rorowaz is going to go up. >> But meta for now for 3 weeks has favored that one particular video. Now we're in the position of do you turn it off and it's going to go to the other ones? >> Yeah. or do you turn it off and the other ones still don't work as well and your cost per purchase gone high? We've basically said, let's find other winners >> and put them in. Now, if those winners that are getting £11 per purchase still don't overtake >> that winning one, >> yeah, >> you're in a predicament then that I think lots of advertisers are in of going >> it's pushing to the wrong one for the wrong KPIs. Would you in that case, I know we're saying one campaign, one ad set, all the testing. Would you not duplicate that adset that's had that one that's got all the budget? Leave it on in there. >> No, you're moving. But then we're moving away from the structure, aren't we? >> I was saying like, what's the >> Yeah. Yeah. And at the moment, >> I think that's the questions that people ask is like, do you keep it in there? Do you turn it off? Or do we allow it to have its own budget and allow the other ones to test a separate ad? And that's where the the gray area is, isn't it? Is >> to stick to that. >> I think the overall thing is what's right for your business and account. >> And if your account works by going by saying, "Okay, for the last 3 years, I've been building it the oldfashioned way and the old fashioned way is still working for me and I can still grow my business." That's what's important. >> We're all in this for our businesses to grow. Yeah. with our own ads bringing it into our community. Those need to be as good a quality as possible for a really good price and we can carry on scaling. And it's the same for anyone else. And I think that's the thing. Everyone's looking at all this and going, we need to stop everything we're doing now and we need to move into this new way of doing it. If it's not broken, don't fix >> No. But I think just like Advantage Plus that we've been saying for the last three years, do your interest based audiences adsets, do your lookalike adsets, try broad. >> Try Advantage Plus. And we know for all the people in our community that people come back. So I'm doing that, but my interest is and my my interest is still brings in all the money over in top Advantage Plus. But you say that Advantage Plus is the way forward. Well, yeah, but if you're still making money that way, just carry on making money that way. >> Yeah. What you say, don't change it. If it's not broken, don't change it. >> Yeah. And I think that's the thing. I think everyone I think >> moral of the story is everyone's watching YouTube at the moment. There's a lot of noise going on about this. >> And remember who you're watching, hence why I started this video with for small and mediumsiz businesses. >> We're not spending a 100,000 a day. >> there are business. Yep. those big companies out there that other agencies running, they are do it doing it and they've got lots of data to work with. But there's a huge difference between someone spending £100 a day and £100,000 >> and you can still grow a business at £100 a day. >> You can still grow a business £50 a day. >> So that's the moral of the story. >> But I would say for anyone's watch this video, use this concept what we were talking about. It's really nice and simple. you're not having to spend silly amounts of money and you can do the testing and move into Andromeda. If you finding you're still getting results and things are still working, carry on. Just have it in mind that you could start testing in a different way. And if you want to know more and work with Lib and I and the rest of the team, go to school.com/theadscl clinic. Link below in the comments and in description. It's all completely free and you get to speak to us all the time. >> What more could you want? >> Exactly. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @learning11-d3g: Thank you this is amazing, My only question here. How is Audience signals not the manual campaign is working.
  2. @theothergoodmann: Thanks for the video! Do you recommend adding interests in this process 1 campaign 1 adset or more relying on the creative?

Thanks for the reply in advance.
  3. @fayslalaland: Thank you for doing this.
  4. @nickboddington1: Join my FREE Facebook Ads Skool Community 👉 https://www.skool.com/theadsclinic/

- Why The Andromeda Update is GREAT for Small Budget Advertisers: Kind: captions Language: en The biggest problem small business owners have with Facebook ads is simple. They can't get consistent results. They tweak ads, they edit ads, they test new hooks, but nothing seems to stick. And after 10 years of working with thousands of businesses across e-commerce, lead genen, and local services, I can tell you this confidently. The inconsistency isn't because your ads are bad. It's because your budget isn't giving Meta enough data to learn. This single principle is a number one ad secret almost nobody talks about. Yet, it's how I've helped clients slash acquisition costs by hundreds of pounds, scale from tiny daily budgets to,000 pound days, turn four figure revenue into six figure growth, and even build my own agency from zero to multi6 figures in months. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly why your budget, not your copy, not your creative, is the real reason your results feel random, and how the new Andromeda structure actually gives smaller advertisers a huge advantage if you set it up the right way. All right, let's get something straight. This video isn't about telling you to spend more money on meta ads. I'm never going to tell you to spend money you don't have or throw cash at campaigns that aren't working. But here's the truth. Most advertisers don't realize just how much their budget is holding them back. It's not that your ads are bad or your offer isn't strong. It's that your budget doesn't give Meta enough to actually learn. If the algorithm doesn't have enough data, it's flying blind. So when you get a sale or a lead, that's not optimization, that's luck. So let's start with the obvious. Your budget has to be enough to produce meaningful results. meta system needs around 50 conversions per week to exit the learning phase. If you're not anywhere near that, the algorithm can't really learn what's working. It's just guessing. Now, that doesn't mean you need £5 grand a week. That's not realistic for everyone. But if your cost per lead is £100 and you're only spending £10 or£20 a day, you can't expect consistent results. You're not giving the system enough fuel to learn. Here's a simple example. If your products sell for £1,000 and you're spending £100 a day, you're not going to get a sale every day. It's just not enough data. So, don't panic when performance looks inconsistent. That's a budget issue, not a strategy issue. And it's the same for lead generation. If you're chasing highquality leads, you have to adjust your expectations. A£1 lead magnet is not the same as a 300 B2B booked call. They're just not in the same world. Cheap leads might look nice on paper, but if you're not converting into business, you're wasting your money away. The next thing to remember, your per adset budget matters more than your total daily spend. You could have £1,000 a day, but if you split that between 50 adsets, you've basically got 20 per adset, and you're back to square one. you'd get better data putting that whole 1,000 into one or two strong adsets instead of watering everything down. And this is exactly why Andromeda setup is actually great for smaller businesses. It forces you to simplify instead of 10 adsets all fighting for scraps. You're working with one campaign, one ad set, and multiple creatives inside it. That structure means all your budget is focused in one place, feeding the algorithm more data faster. You're not spreading yourself thin across interests, lookalikes, or micromanaged segments. Meta's AI does the heavy lifting, finding the right audience automatically. So, if you're a small business spending 20,30, £50 a day, Andromeda is your friend. You get the same optimization that the big advertisers have without needing dozens of adsets to test. Your job now is simply to feed that single adset with creative variety, a mix of videos, images, hooks, and headlines so Meta has enough options to learn from. That's how you make a smaller, lower budget actually perform. Simplify the structure, diversify the creative, and let Andromeda's AI go to work. Now, let's talk about testing because this is where small budget advertisers go wrong. They try to copy what big budget advertisers are doing. testing 10 creatives, multiple headlines, different formats, turning things off after two days because they didn't get a sale. It just doesn't work when you're spending small. Your sample size is too tiny. If one adset got three conversions this week and another got none, that doesn't mean the first one is better. It just means you don't have enough data to know. So, here's the bottom line. Spend enough per adset to actually learn something. Consolidate your budget. Keep your setup simple. And don't obsess over daily results because small budgets exaggerate every little fluctuation. If you truly can't increase your budget, embrace that. Don't pretend to be a big advertiser. Run a simple campaign. Give meta the space to learn and focus on data that actually means something. And if your budget's really limited, put it into remarketing only. It's not the most scalable strategy, but it's better than throwing your money at cold traffic that can't give you any usable feedback. Remember, the goal isn't to spend more. It's to spend smart enough that your data actually tells you the truth. If you're stuck and you're wanting more advice on how you should optimize your ads, what budget you spend, how you should optimize your creative and your hooks, click the link below in the description or the comments, and go to my free ads clinic school and join the 1,900 people fixing their ads and scaling profitable campaigns. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Washwizard2019 [4 likes]: The whole one ad set one campaign, five ad creative with different format. This is what is recommended for small budgets. The only problem with it is that once you test any video witha static ad video engagement is always greater. The budget will always go towards the videos and you will get no spend on anything other than a video that’s good entertainment that’s why people are engaging, but it won’t bring you any kind of conversions that’s what I’ve typically encountered with that process
  2. @learning11-d3g [2 likes]: man thank you so much for this!! Any recommendations for how many ads inside one adset at 180 spend daily.
  3. @t3olino039 [2 likes]: Hello, im worjing for a new client who has a physical shop as well as an online store, they sell products which cost about 100-200 euros with a good 40% margin. These products right now are selling very very fast, the problem is they have limited amounts, abou 30-60 per month/2 months.
what would you say the right strategy would be in terms of ads? their budget is about 500 euros per month
  4. @iwilldowhatiwannado843 [2 likes]: Hi, thanks for the video, in my case, I usually set $400 daily budget and I get 100 sales a day, so the learning phase done in half day. However, the performance drops to half in 3rd or 4th day.. although I ignore the daily fluctuation, I leave it for 1~2weeks the performance never gets back.. since the big drop, I change or add more creatives, or I launch a new campaign, whatever efforts I put do not matter.. nothing works.. what should I do..? Please help me..
  5. @hanee012 [2 likes]: Thank you! This video was very helpful!
  6. @nickboddington1 [1 likes]: Get my FREE 2026 Facebook Ads Masterclass here 👉 https://www.skool.com/theadsclinic/about
  7. @mohammedzaki4857 [1 likes]: If we can't increase the budget to a meaningful stage can we change our conversion event from purchase to checkout initiated. Then it will be easy to get 50 conversion event per week to get out of the learning phase.
  8. @EliasOlivier-g8z [1 likes]: Great video! Why do you recommend setting the budget at ad set level and not campaign level? I've talked to some people who are experienced with meta ads and almost everybody recommends putting a campaign budget. We will run ads for roofing cleaning and heating pump installation companies with around $60/day.
  9. @BarbaraHaratyk-u2t [1 likes]: great video ! 👍 brand new business - should i go for dynamic creative - flexi with 322 ads ? but then the transition to stories is 1;1 and they look horrible- i know this depends on ur budget but how should i allocate it in this case then ? also, many have issues viewing d results on dynamic creatives very often.
  10. @FotiniVarvaresou [1 likes]: Hello  i am from greece and I watched you video. I tried to log in but I didn't make it. Can you help me
  11. @divyv20 [1 likes]: Hey Nick , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  12. @oanalarisachiriac1713 [1 likes]: Hello, how about one new account 30 days old, I tried all the way possible with different budget like 300 $ per campaign. I have a digital product, but intil now I could get 120 sales
  13. @LotsOfLoveLana: Subscribed! 
Great content, thanks! 
Small budget meta ads is exactly what 8 need to know about right now 😁👏🏽✨💖
  14. @MasterBrain182: Astonishing content man 🔥🔥🔥 Thumbs Up from Brazil! 👍
  15. @dlombard: Good lord, just ask Chat GPT how to run a small campaign: 1 campaign 2-3 ad sets with 1 ad in each ad set (each with a different angle). Daily budget = $5 per ad set. Wait for 15-20 link clicks (not all clicks, just link clicks) , look at CTR and if it's above 2% you're ad is attracting attention and it's likely good. If you have no conversions, your offer might not be compelling enough. Wait for 1000 impressions (should take 4-5 days) and you'll know if you had a bad offer. Make Chat GPT analyze it for you and explain it to you and you're not spending more than $20 per day.

- How to Create Instant Experience Ads on Facebook/Meta: Kind: captions Language: en hey it's Nathan crazy marketing.com in this video we're going to talk about Facebook's instant experiences and so what an instant experience is is it's basically a mobile friendly and mobile optimized Bridge page from Facebook to your website and if you don't know what a bridge page is basically it's the page to bridge two different locations together and that bridge is what builds the relationship with the customer ahead of time so that way when they get on the final landing page they're already warmed up and know what to expect and since instant experiences are optimized from mobile devices they load very very quickly so if you have a slow website or something like that or one that's not mobile friendly using an instant experience can bridge that gap between Facebook and your slow loading non-mobile friendly website and so there's this page right here and it kind of gives you an idea of what these instant experiences are and how they can work and I'll link to it down in the description below but I think by getting into it you'll see how they work and how you might be able to use them for your business so we're just going to hop over to the ads manager here I'm not going to go through the process of setting up a campaign or ad set because I have videos on those topics already so Link in the description down below if you need help with that instead we're just going to go straight to the ad and we're going to go ahead and click on instant experience right here underneath the destination category so we'll click on instant experience and if you already have instant experiences you could go ahead and search for it here but we'll go ahead and create a brand new one and so there's five templates to choose from there's customer acquisition storytelling sell products without catalog custom instant experience and AR experience we'll go through a few of them real quick but we'll spend the bulk of our time on the custom instant experience but let's go ahead and start with customer acquisition real quick so this encouraged new customers to discover your brand and products with a mobile landing page that encourages action so we'll go ahead and select it and go to next and so basically it's created a predesigned page right here so this is that bridge page like I was saying so somebody will click on your ad and it'll instantly pop up this experience without somebody having to go to your website waiting for it to load and all that type of stuff so you can use this experience in order to warm up the individual and get them motivated to go to your website and perform whatever action it is that you want them to take and so this is their customer acquisition template that you can go ahead and use and so it's pretty self-explanatory over here on the Le hand side there's different fields you can go ahead and fill out with different information on the right hand side is a preview of what the instant experience is going to look like and you can look at it from Facebook or also you could look at it what it would look like if somebody clicked on it from Instagram and so it starts off with the image at the top so you can go ahead and replace that image or you can swap the image out for a video so you have a video at the top of your instant experience then we have content right here and text and obviously you can change it to match your brand and then you have a button right here so you'd want to make sure that this button links over to a particular page on your website so maybe this links over to your homepage or something like that then we have a carousel right here which includes between two and 10 images and in this example they're using it to show different products that that are available so they have this product or we could go to the next one right here so there's another product and so you would go ahead and Link each image to that particular product that you have the image for that way the individual could go to your website and buy the product and then there's more text and another button right here at the bottom so you can see how this instant experience could be used to warm up the traffic before they land on your actual website and once you're all happy and everything you can go ahead and click on done and we have a similar concept with storytelling over here so give people an engaging way to explore your brand product service we'll click on next and you can see there's a similar looking page we got a video at the top here we got some text there we got some more images and a carousel right here and the point is to kind of tell a story about your brand before somebody goes to your website and then you have your button right here that would bring the individual over to your website and again once you're happy with it you just click on done but I'm going to close out of here and we'll go ahead and create a new one so same concept with the sell products without catalog you can just update it with your information and and there's also AR experience and I have no experience with ar experience so sorry I can't help you with that in this particular video but I can help you with creating a custom instant experience so let's go ahead and click on this and we're and we'll build our own instant experience so you can see right here it's like a page builder basically where we can go ahead where we can go ahead where we can add our own components in the order that we want them so basically you can design The Experience however you see fit and we can go ahead and name it right here so I'm just going to call it demo and then we'll go ahead and check out the components we can add so we have several we can add like button Carousel photo text Block video header and product set and we saw most of these when we looked at the pre-built templates but anyway we'll go through them by ourselves here and try and make a little page so we'll go ahead and add a header first as that's usually at the top of the page so there we go and so we can upload a logo for your instant experience for best results images should be 882 by 66 pixels so if you have an image logo you could go ahead and upload it let me see if if I have something here let's see what happens if I add this real quick and I get a little crazy eye at the top and that doesn't really look too bad but if I didn't have a logo I could go ahead and switch it for text and I could write like crazy I marketing at the top there and then I could change my text color to you know anything under the rainbow rainbow and close and I could change my background color too if I wish so I can make it look like that if I want to or you know whatever makes you happy we can go ahead and add our next component then let's go ahead and add a video and okay so now I can go ahead and upload a video and it's recommended to keep my video under 2 minutes and to use caption so that people can still engage without audio so those are some things to keep in mind when you're uploading a video and I don't have one to upload but I think you get the idea there's also the layout so we have fit to width or it could also fit to height and so fit to height would kind of be like a story or real video size so you'd want to make sure that your video is in those correct Dimensions but I'm going to switch it back to fit to width and we can go ahead and add another component then let's go ahead and throw a button in here real quick and okay and we'll scroll on down to see what options we have so I could go ahead and change my font if I want to so a few different fonts I could choose from we could change the font size as well and we could go ahead and write something so visit my site and we could of course go ahead and make it bold if we want to we can change the font color we'll make it red and close and then you want to make sure that you're linking to an appropriate location so in this case I'll probably want to link to my website since that's what my button says but if I had an app I wanted to link to in the App Store I could go ahead and do that or I could also link to another instant experience so you could basically build a network of instant experiences within instant experiences we got some Inception stuff going on here but you could get really creative with these instant experiences if you wanted to but again I'm just going to leave it at my website so I throw that in there and then there's button style so there's outline and then there's also fill and I could change my button color if I want to maybe I'll make it gray and my background color would be black and that is really ugly but I think you get the idea there's also the option to fix button to the bottom of the view I'm not going to do that for this button we'll add another button in a minute and I'll do that so let's go ahead and add another component and let's go ahead and add a photo real quick and okay so now I have a photo under my button here and it's pretty self-explanatory we go ahead and upload our image so I got this guy holding this book right here and I could go ahead and Link this image to a website or app store or instant experience so if I want to link it somewhere else I could do that and then layout we have fit to width which is linkable fit to width tap to expand so if you wanted people to be able to zoom into an image you select that and then we have fit to height which again will be the long ways similar to a story or a real and I'm going to go ahead and select it real quick so you can see so you see it takes up the entire instant experience when I select that option let's go scroll on down let's go ahead and add another component so in this case we'll go ahead and add a Carousel and okay and we saw this as well they were using it mainly as like a store or a way to show different products so they might have you know one like this so this is one product and I would go ahead and link to it and then I could have another one and upload image and let's throw this thing in here and I could go ahead and Link that image to another place on my website and if I wanted to add additional Carousel items I could go ahead and just add them like that or I could delete them by clicking the little trash can right there let's go ahead and add another component so the next thing we have is text block here and of course this is pretty explanatory so we can write whatever we want and format it and it's easy to do like if we want to go ahead and bold this right here and change the color to Red we could go ahead and do that and let's go ahead and add a underline and let's make it bigger let's see 47 yeah I think that looks really awesome and we could go ahead and change the background color as well and that looks cool so I'm really happy with how that's looking now let's get to our final component here so we have product set I'll go ahead and click on okay so this is assuming that you have a catalog setup within your Facebook or meta business manager and I'll have another video on cataloges but if you have a Shopify store or e-commerce store it's really easy to upload all your products into the Facebook or meta business manager and then you can easily create ads and list out your products using that catalog also you could go ahead and manually create products in your catalog as well so if you don't have a e-commerce store but you still have products that you want to use this catalog feature for you can still do that and again I have another video on catalog so Link in the description down below to check that out but anyway you would go ahead and select whatever catalog you want to use so I have this one right here and then I could select my product set so I have my all products right here and I only have one product in this particular catalog so that's all that's showing right here but I could display up to 50 products in my instant experience or maybe I do four because you know that sounds a little more reasonable and I could click on show Advance options right here and I could change the formatting of how my products are displayed so I can see that it shows a product name and then the current price but let's say I want to add something else so I can click right here and let's say I want to add the description to I can see that it shows the product name as well as the description so if I wanted to I could put a space right there or something and so that's what it would look like it would show the title and then whatever I write as a description and so there's some options right there that you could go ahead and choose and now let's wrap this thing up like I said I was going to add a button to the bottom so let's add another button to the bottom here and this will be the the final button Buton and I would go ahead and Link this to wherever I want to take people and I want to go ahead and fix this button to the bottom of the view and just like the description says this fixes the button to the bottom of the view so if I scroll up now that button will follow me the whole way so no matter where somebody is in the instant experience they could always click this final button and go to my website or wherever it is that I want to take them and one other thing if you decide you don't like something like maybe I don't like this final button I could always click on this option right here and delete it so then it's gone and that works with all the different components that you add over here now once you're happy with your instant experience you would just come up here and click on Save and then I can go ahead and click on finish now and it's throwing an airor message because I don't have a video so let me go ahead and just delete this component and I'll save it again and finish and yes I want to finish this instant experience and there we go now when somebody clicks on my ad it'll automatically pop up that instant experience for them and one last thing like I said at the intro of this video instant experience is only available on mobile devices so when looking over here I can see that a bunch of these different ads have errors and that's because these are ads for desktop and since instant experience doesn't work on desktop it's throwing an error message so I just wanted to point that out real quick if you see a bunch of airor messages that's to be expected as instant experience ads only show on mobile devices and so that's it for instant experience ads hope you found this video helpful if you did I appreciate for some likes comments subscribes and or check out crazym mark.com I hope you have a great rest of the day

  Top Comments:
  1. @pawanrajak4903 [2 likes]: how are brand adding 20 products in a carousel ad
  2. @CrazyEyeMarketing: 🔥 Download my free book, "The Sales Funnel Book v2.0" (no optin) 
👉 https://www.crazyeyemarketing.com/youtube/
  3. @jzdev8462: you are dumb not to mention which objective to choose for  Instant Experience to show up
  4. @ChandniThreads-b6u: how can I edit an existing one ? thanks
  5. @joakimgustafsson3596: Thanks for a great guide! Do you know where I can view my old instant experiences and make changes in them? Is there a library somewhere?
  6. @MohdShahrol-o8r: How i want post instant experience on my fb page?
  7. @jhunterholland: Your videos are the best
  8. @eloiseallen6654: Great video exactly what I am trying to do. When you are selecting an image for the carousel when I click upload to get a new image that isn’t on my page nothing happens when I click this button is there another way to my photos uploaded
  9. @mkaddoury4995: Bro fking explain what campaign objective u used... useless
  10. @PhilHennessy-w4d: Thank you for this video, is there any advantage from a facebook ad perspective? Does facebook favour using instant experiences and get cheaper clicks?

- The Future of Meta Ads: Everything Announced for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I just got back from Meta's performance marketing summit, an invite only event where Meta reveals everything coming to the platform in 2026. Here's everything that I learned. Those seven big announcements include a brand new AI model called Muse Spark, AI agents that sell for your brand, the algorithm updates already running inside of your campaigns, why lastclick attribution is officially dead, how creators become a core performance channel, the catalog strategy driving 65% more purchases for certain brands testing it, and the 30-day AI sprints that every marketer needs to run. Let's get into it. Section one is all about the keynote which was about Muspark AI agents and inapp commerce. The keynote laid out Meta's three-pillar framework for 2026 talking about who tells your story being the creators where the transaction happened on the platform being commerce and how you measure success being incrementality. AI connects all three of these different topics. Speaking of AI, Muse Spark is Meta's new large language model built from scratch in just 9 months by Alexander Wang Super Intelligence Labs. It powers Meta AI across all of their apps and Rayban glasses. For advertisers, this means consumers can now ask questions, get answers, and make purchases without ever leaving the app. The funnel just got a lot shorter for people making purchases on meta platforms. AI agents are also in testing with select advertisers. These are trained on your brand's catalog data and your voice, basically your brand voice. They answer customer questions and act as virtual sales reps. This unlocks high consideration commerce. For example, if you're selling $200 jackets, $5,000 vacations, or B2B software, the conversation becomes the landing page, meaning that the AI chatbot [music] in the customer who are actually speaking with each other becomes the landing page rather than a true landing page experience. But here's the catch. without cleaning your catalog metadata, this may not work as effectively. So, meta profusely talked about cleaning your catalog. And when I'm talking about your catalog, what I really am talking about is if you go into Commerce Manager and you look at the catalog feed that's pulling from Shopify, meaning all of your skew level data and your store information is now stored inside of Commerce Manager so that Meta can interact with that data. And this is becoming even more important in an agentic commerce era because the pixel is going to start using all of that information in metadata in the future to better optimize your overall performance within meta and also particularly optimize your catalog ads like if you're running a dynamic product ad or a daba for example. Something else that's coming to Instagram very soon is in-app product linking, particularly for Instagram reels, which is coming to all users very soon. And that helps purchases happen within fewer than 11 seconds according to Meta. Basically, think about this like creator content plus instant checkout experience combined together, which can be really powerful, especially if you have great authentic [music] creator content, which is something we're going to talk about more in this video. And one more thing that Meta really emphasized during the [music] keynote presentation is all about WhatsApp and click to message Facebook campaigns, which are when you optimize for a campaign that sends people directly to WhatsApp to have a chat with an LLM that knows everything about your business and can help guide them, similar to the landing page thing we talked about. So, what Meta really talked about is that there are over a 100 million Americans that use WhatsApp monthly. and they believe that most people don't realize how large the platform actually is and how much consumers actually use it. For example, Meta claims that 62% of consumers say that they'll start their next business interaction with an AI powered chat, which is interesting. I don't know how true that is, but curious to see how that evolves over time. Regardless, Meta is clearly making a very large bet on the future of e-commerce being AI powered, including people talking to LLMs about your brand. So brands that are combining utility and marketing messages in WhatsApp are apparently seeing 2.5x better performance according to Meta and messaging is really becoming the front door for agentic commerce in the future. The second section of this video we're going to be talking about the AI powering your ads right now. During the presentation, Matt Steiner, who is somebody who is working directly on the algorithm itself, broke down the four AI systems running inside your campaigns right now. You've probably heard about Andromeda, which is a big buzzword in the Facebook ads community. But there's a lot more happening in the back end of Facebook ads than just the Andromeda update, which was one of the AI innovations that have been made over the past year and a half. The first one discussed during the presentation was called Lattis. Lattis combines multiple machine learning models so that they share data on user behavior. And in Q1, the result was a 13% click-through rate lift and a 16% conversion rate lift on in-app event optimization because of Lattis. Next, let's talk about Andromeda, which is the one we all know and love. Andromeda was built by Nvidia, and it has 10,000 times more compute at the ad retrieval stage than the previous models. Before your ad even gets ranked, the system is already personalizing which ads get considered to each individual person. And this is fairly why everyone has been talking about Andromeda being one of the biggest updates because at the ad retrieval stage before your ad even gets ranked the system has completely changed in the way in which it decides who to personalize the ads for in terms of ad delivery. And that all happens at the creative targeting level. And the next AI infrastructure innovation is the gem brain or GM. This uses a transformer architecture to predict the next best ad based on everything [music] someone has seen and done in Facebook or Instagram or wherever they're viewing ads. And for example, someone buys a road bike. Gem knows that they need cycling shoes, a helmet, and a bike computer. And the last thing we'll talk about is the adaptive ranking model, which launched just 4 weeks before the summit actually. And for heavy buyers and clickers, what this does is helps feed a longer interaction history [music] into raking. So, for example, this has led to a 3% conversion rate increase and a 5% higher click-through rate than the previous models according to the data they have only within the last 4 weeks. Of course, take that with a grain of salt because we only have 4 weeks of data. But apparently, they've done some testing and have seen good results from the adaptive ranking model, which is of course good. And the good news is from the general data set, these innovations have actually led to improved results. For example, combining Q4 2025 results, Meta claims that there was a 5% lift in ads quality, a 3.5% lift in more clicks on Facebook, and over 1% more conversions on Instagram. And these compounded every quarter, which is really exciting. So, what's coming next? Well, generative AI is coming to replace the entire retrieval then rank system and internal ranking engineering agents are coming that will basically like read end toend research papers, generate hypotheses and then test. Basically AI building better AI for your ads, which is what Meta is saying is coming in the future. Sounds kind of crazy, but I'm sure there's going to be a lot more news on that in the near future. The overall takeaways that Meta recommended from this session was when you're picking objectives within Meta's platform, make sure that they match to your actual business goals. The system delivers what you ask for very specifically. And I've talked about this before on my channel. If you want purchases, don't optimize for add toarts. Optimize for purchases. Meta is very literal in that sense. And make sure to share as much data as possible with the platform through your catalog, through making great ads. Strong, highquality inputs will lead to strong outputs. and test and iterate constantly. That's directly from Meta themselves, not even just me, but I agree completely. Next, we'll talk about section three of this video, which is what actually drives growth for your business. Alex Schultz and Professor Steve Tadellis from Berkeley studied 210,000 advertisers in 700,000 different campaigns. And the performance gap between the performers and everyone else was massive. And it had nothing to do with budget size. Here's what it meant. What separated the winners from losers here? It was sophistication. Advertisers who experimented with audiences and creatives, used conversion API, and placed pixels at multiple journey points showed clear ROI improvements over time. Those who didn't had significantly higher business failure rates. There is very literally a correlation between how much you are doing and trying and testing and hypothesizing and how much you are either winning or losing. Three mistakes even sophisticated teams make, for example, are confusing correlation with causation, not experimenting with new products and features, and not copying what works from competitors actually, and being more creative. They talked about timeless principles, optimizing for margin and LTV, not for revenue, set your incentives correctly, identify causation from correlation, and be willing to sacrifice short-term results for long-term learning. They also recommended organizing into small crossf functional growth teams or growth pods, which is something a lot of different businesses do. And they also talked about combining your engineering teams and your marketing teams and your finance departments together. So instead of having siloed departments within your team, Meta's internal teams work this way. And their whole point here is that if everyone is experimenting and brainstorming together, especially crossf functionally across departments, then you don't end up in this terrible siloed and very slow workflow and framework that doesn't work. Meta's internal teams actually work this way. And it's a model that any brand can adopt is to have a smaller growth pod where you can all brainstorm and collaborate more effectively and have [music] more play. Both Steve Toddelis and Alex Schultz really drove home the importance of hypothesizing, testing, and learning. And it's something that I talk about frequently with all of my clients. So, it was really eye- openening and honestly reinforcing to hear them say that because in the environment that we all work in, it's so important to make sure that you're consistently [music] testing new things to keep up with ad fatigue and also to make sure you're learning, iterating, and improving on your ability to make good ads. Next, let's talk about section four, which was about creators as a performance channel. I think this was the most important section at the entire conference, and you'll see why. Here's a cool statistic from the presentation. 70% of consumers trust creator recommendations over traditional ads, and partnership ads delivered 19% lower CPAs, 13% higher click-through rates, and 71% higher brand sentiment than business as usual ads. A great example of a brand doing this successfully is a brand called Hungry Route, which committed $ 8.5 million to partnership ads, and brand awareness grew 60% for them year-over-year. They scaled new customer acquisition at the same or better economics using a two engine strategy, being having an internal team on the creator marketplace so that they can find and source creator content and make and edit it themselves. And [music] they had outsourced agencies for scale. So having external creative partners outside of their internal team helped make more ads and diversify [music] their content. Another brand that did this is Steve Madden who overlaid creator assets onto Advantage Plus catalog campaigns during the holidays and it [music] became their top performing collaboration um driving exponentially more revenue than their business as usual campaigns [music] which this is really interesting overlaying creator assets onto Advantage Plus cataloges. That's definitely a unique idea. Amazon also launched the ability for influencers to tag products directly in their Facebook [music] posts with Instagram coming soon and their advice is to build long-term creator relationships. So, beyond me emphasizing the data backing why you should run partnership ads and the brand awareness lift that some people are seeing and just general performance improvements, there's other reasons that you should do this and I want to explain why. Like we talked about with Andromeda and Lattis and Gem's updated algorithmic targeting in the platform, it's super important that you understand that creative does the targeting. And that's why so many people talk about this buzzword being creative diversification. The best way to naturally diversify your creator is to have diverse content creators making content for you. And the more differentiated content you have, different creators who shoot in different settings, different areas, different devices have different demographics, all of this will lead to diversification naturally. And because this content is made by creators, what Meta really emphasized was to give these creators a general goal and objective of what the campaign or the ad should do and then let them run with it. Give them a general direction. Also give them constraints what not to do and what not to say, but don't tell them say this exact script, say this exact hook. That's not going to work and it's not going to help create organic content. [music] And that's what you want. You want native and organic content for Meta so that it can find you performance rather than someone reading a script. And to make it even easier for you to partner with different creators, Meta rebuilt the creator marketplace, also rebuilt partnership ads hub from the ground up and integrated Facebook collab so you can easily boost creator UGC without chasing ad codes and just generally made it really easy to share accessibility for creators to partner with you. If you haven't used partnership adshub before, please check it out. It's a really helpful tool. All right, next we'll talk about section five of the video, which is catalog optimization in CPV or catalog product video. If there was one theme across every single session that I went to at the Meta Performance Summit, it was that your product catalog is the most important strategic asset as we move into the agentic era of commerce. According to Meta, Meta's product intelligence layer combines your catalog data with their understanding of 3.5 billion daily users. And shoppers who engage with AI powered product recommendations are nearly four times more likely to convert. The rules for your product catalog, according to Meta, are to consolidate to one product catalog. You should not have two or more. You should only have one. And that's a hard stop rule by them. They also say to include every data point possible. Availability, pricing, [music] SKS, colors, complimentary products. This isn't also just for e-commerce anymore um to use a catalog. Non- retail verticals also have tested and optimized cataloges and saw 23% lower cost per purchases and 11% more conversions. So, [music] there are creative ways that you can use cataloges even outside of just e-commerce, especially with catalog product video, which we'll talk about in a second. Catalog product video is also one of the biggest unlocks that most brands are sleeping on right now. You can generate up to 10,000 videos from your catalog with just 30 minutes of work. And the results are 20% more conversions per dollar, 33% higher incremental conversions on reels, and apparently Pandora saw an 88% lift in omni channel sales. Now, here's the thing that I'm skeptical about here is I think they're alluding to using AI enhancements, and you really do need to be careful with those based on your product or in general if you feel comfortable using them or not is really up to you. But some brands are obviously seeing good results from using those types of enhancements with their catalog. Regardless and whether you like it or not, Meta is going all in on AI and there are so many enhancements in the platform. I made a video about creative enhancements forever ago, but I need to update it because there's just infinitely more information about this now that I need to talk [music] about. So, future content coming on that, but it updates so frequently it's hard to make a video about it, you know. But I also haven't made a video in like 10 months, so that's on me. A brand that Meta talked about a lot was called Mango, which is a clothing brand. What Mango did, and I think I have a video of this that I'll overlay. I took it on my phone during the presentation, is that they took these images and then they basically animated a portion of the image so that it added a little bit more oomph to the catalog, which I found really cool and clever and it clearly worked for them since they saw a very large improvement in performance, which is great. Ridge had mentioned that they are able to create 700 ads in just 10 days [music] because of AI being some portion of those ads. Another thing that Mango talked about during their portion of the presentation was on value optimization, which I'm a huge proponent of. I have a great video on how to use rorowise gold bidding, which also probably needs an update. But Mango noticed that testing across all of their different markets that there was no one-sizefits-all way to do the media buying correctly [music] because of how segmented their strategy could get based off of geoloc and product category for all of their different SKs cuz they're a very large clothing brand. So what they did is they just moved over to Roorz Gold Bidding which [music] helped them see a 40% revenue increase and 76% average order value increase because they tested value optimization versus volume. they were able to materially improve their average order value while also just increasing general um revenue because they were able to scale more and tell Meta what they wanted to optimize for. They really were not a CAC constrained business. They wanted to just drive as much revenue as possible [music] at a specific rorowaz. All right. And lastly, we'll talk about section six, which is about incrementality and measurement. [music] Every speaker came back to this particular point. You need to not just understand if your ad platform is correlated to revenue, but you need to understand that it is causally impacting your revenue. Meaning, you need to have a geo holdout or incrementality study. They really back this up by saying 80% of consumers rely on zeroclick results. 80% of people who buy after seeing a video ad do it later and not in the moment. So, clickbased attribution misses all of this, which is why the numbers looking at, for example, last click attribution is just one of the worst things that you can do um to completely misunderstand your business. The numbers that Meta showed are 31% of Meta's incremental conversions get misattributed to other channels and [music] click-based attribution under reports by 15%. Meta's incremental rorowaz is 2.3 times higher than search and 64% of incremental conversions came from [music] new customers. I actually really agree with Meta's assessment here on how incremental their channel is and I've seen it across so many different brands and done a lot of incrementality testing myself to be able to justify that decision-m talked about there being a four- stage journey to assessing the incremental impact of your platform. Really, it's to assess your data, experiment with conversion lift tests, [music] which you can actually do within the back end of Ads Manager. Just go to the experiment section within Meta's advertising settings. [music] Calibrate your MM or MTA models if you use tools like that like Rockerbox or Northbeam for example. Operationalize with recurring testing. And they also talked about H&M doing this and seeing three times more incremental revenue in key markets over 2 years. I honestly don't want to go too deep into incrementality testing because it's a pretty in-depth subject [music] that requires a lot more time to talk about. However, if you've never run an incrementality test before, [music] I highly recommend at least running a conversion lift study and you can do it self-s serve in the back end of Ads Manager in the experiment [music] section. test it, set it up, and basically it'll remove spend from specific user bases and then measure the difference between users who did and did not receive the ad spend to see if removing the ad spend leads to a drop in incremental conversions, which basically backs up if [music] Meta is driving incremental revenue or not for your business. All right, section seven, which is the last and final section of this video, is all about brand building and the AI [music] sprint. The first part of the section was about brand building, which is pretty general as a concept. A lot of people know what brand is. And we got to hear Preston Rutherford, the co-founder of Chubbies, [music] talk about how he nearly took the business under before investing in what we call brand. Now, Chubbies is a 9-figure brand with eight straight years of profitable growth. So, they really turned it around. And his point was that brand and performance marketing aren't separate conversations. A lot of people frame it that way, including honestly myself. He mentioned that a balanced mix drives better [music] profit overall than just performance marketing alone. And he talked about the fear of short-term revenue drop from brand investment. And he doesn't necessarily think that that is true. That there's a track of search as your leading indicator of brand. For example, 10 times bigger brands have 10 times more people searching for them. And he mentioned to stop chasing viral content that doesn't necessarily connect back to your brand's identity. They also talked about a principle that I personally use and talk about with my own clients, which is the 955 principle. The principle is that at any time around 5% of your market is actually in market, ready to buy, and 95% is completely out of market, not ready to buy. That's a pretty large amount of people that you should be investing on finding and capturing [music] and getting awareness of your brand out to so that they can become in market in the future. And if you don't invest in brand, you will endlessly be circling this 5% bottom of the barrel. And that's not a great place for your brand to be. And the last thing that Meta talked about was all about the one-click Cappy setup, which is something that they just rolled out, and I highly recommend you test [music] it if you haven't already. It's a signal update within the back end of Ads Manager, Go to Events Manager, and Meta has updated the pixel to automatically share additional product info using AI [music] with no technical lift. It is literally a one-click button. And if you can set this up, it will give you a proper pixel and cappy delivery, which used to be something that was actually quite expensive and technical to set up. And Meta says that it can get you a 17.8% [music] lower cost per result. And it will help you overall with your creative diversification. Um, which people who do this have seen 32% lower CPAs. Overall, Meta mentioned that the AI sprint is happening in full force, which we're all aware of. Only 6% of marketers have fully embedded AI into their business and 80% feel pressure to adopt it. Meta recommended this framework for adopting AI into your business where in week one audit all of your workflows and see where AI can help. In week two, test two or three use cases for AI and in week three build a repeatable process. A great example of this is building a cloud skill. And then in week four, measure and scale. AI isn't necessarily a replacement for your business yet, but for your marketing brain, it's a multiplier. Meta also did launch the Meta AI business system in Ads Manager, which you may have seen. It's like a chat bot [music] within Ads Manager that you can talk to about your business and all of the data in your ad account. It's actually pretty [music] cool. And the Meta AI ads connector is an open beta. So, if you go into the back end of Claude and look at your connectors, you may be able to create a manual connector through to Meta's AI ads connector. I recommend going to look that up so you know what I mean. The end goal of that is that you can talk to Claude about all of your Facebook ads data. There's other ways to do this like through Supermetrics or Windsor.ai which [music] are both different tools you would have to pay for and then have connectors to pull data into Claude through. But Meta's MCP is brand new and it's free. All right, that was a ton of information, but bottom line, Meta's three pillars from the marketing summit were creators, commerce, and measurement. They're all converging into one system. And overall, the goal here is that you get your catalog right to be prepared for the future of agentic commerce. Invest in partnership ads. Measure incrementality of your ad channel. Run a conversion lift study to better understand the incrementality of meta. And start your AI sprint. Now, drop in the comments which topic you want a full deep dive on, whether it's Andromeda, CPV setup, partnership ad strategy, or incrementality testing, and I'll make it happen. Subscribe for more insider scoop information just like this video, and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

- Meta's New Plan Will End Performance Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, marketers? Creative strategy is about to change forever, and I truly think that brands and strategists are not ready for it. So, in today's video, I want to have a true one-on-one jam session with you guys to really just dive deep on what I am witnessing in this industry. I've been a media buyer and creative strategist for the last 10 years, and I have made individual pieces of ad creative that have resulted in millions for brands, and y'all after spending 2 days at the Meta Performance Summit, I've had a few realizations. So, I want to talk about what this big shift is and the signals that I am seeing that indicate that this is absolutely going to happen. And I want to talk about how this is going to shape the role of creative strategy in the coming months, not years, months. And finally, [music] what creative strategists are going to have to do so that they can have job security. I still believe that this is the role with the most leverage and the highest possible earning power right now in e-commerce, but we're going to have to change a few things here. So, this shift is really based on what Meta sees as the future of selling. My big takeaway from the Meta Performance Summit is that the vision that Meta sees is that selling is going to be done primarily by creators. People are not going to buy unless at some point in the funnel, in the customer journey, there was a creator endorsement or a creator piece of content that helped get them over the finish lines. And trying to sell with anything else, like statics or, God forbid, AI animations, which do crush, is like bringing a butter knife to a gunfight. And I already hear your objections, but creators don't work for me. We don't have budgets for big influencers. Oh, it partnership ads didn't work for me. There is evidence that this is already happening. Number one, Meta has a new affiliate play for creators. Essentially, creators are going to be able to directly link out to products in their reels. This is huge. It's essentially a TikTok shop play, right? And I've heard a number of marketers get a little funny about it cuz they're like, "Oh my god, it's going to indeniate the entire platform with ads." I actually think Meta and Instagram and Facebook are way better positioned than TikTok ever was to handle this type of content. And I also think that creators know at this point you can't do the direct response sale and expect to make a living as a creator. You have to really envelop your content and your selling strategy a lot more organically. Another big shift is when Meta shifted from traditional whitelisting to the partnership ads model. Now, the big difference here is that when you do a partnership ad, it is actually beginning that initial targeting seed audience from the creator's audience. This is very important when you are trying to reach new demographics, trying to reach new personas, and ultimately trying to establish net new reach. Traditional whitelisting didn't have that. You were essentially just using the creator handle as a mask. Meta made this shift because they knew that they needed to start leaning [music] into the creator's distribution to actually get that performance. And I got to say, the performance gains on actually having a in-depth and cutthroat partnership ad strategy is super obvious to anyone who's ever really dove deep on this. I think if you need a deep dive on this, be sure to watch my two Ad Spend interviews, the one that I did with Cody and the one that I did with Seed Health. In fact, the Seed Health interview, some of the conversations that we were having behind the scenes, they told me, you know, anytime that there are performance fluctuations and performance just isn't doing as well, that is when we just start spending more on our partnership ads content and performance almost always bounces back. And this is something that was echoed in almost every single interview that I did in my ad spend series. These brands are able to operate at that level because they know that they need to have partners that they engage with on partnership ads. But listen, this video is not do partnership ads. I could have just wrote a tweet, right? I wanted to jam on this with you and like kind of do a heart-to-heart yap podcast-style video about it because I think this is a fundamental shift from brands and agencies needing to be creative strategy first to being creator first. The fundamental shift here is going from making creative to working with creators that you see and engage with like they are true partners for your brand. Some good examples of this, right? Probably the most obvious one, the most talked about one, Poppi and Alex Earl, right? They could have just hired her to do some influencer deals, but they structured a very unique engagement which actually incentivizes Alex to post about Poppi organically and as much as she wants because she is invested in the growth of that business because she is an investor. Another type of long-term partnership opportunity is actually one that I am personally a part of, right? So, Motion 5-6 years ago was one of my first sponsors on this channel. That's crazy, but I've been chief evangelist with Motion for the last 2 years where I really have helped them to develop their product, have helped them to developed a lot more of their education, and really have helped them distribute a lot more of their new launches through ads, through organic, you know, conversations even like this or in other videos of mine. And we're able to do that because we don't actually operate on a traditional like sponsorship level. I am truly a part of that business. And the best brands are looking at influencers right now, not just "Hey, who can I hire to spend this budget that I have allocated?" They are looking at them as "Hey, who can I bring in to be a true partner?" Because now creators are able to solve three of the biggest problems that businesses have when they are starting to scale. Number one, distribution. So, they solve the distribution problem, right? They have the audience that they want to tap into. And additionally, they have the actual creative. They have the production of those assets. It's actually kind of wild to think about it. Like, when I was at NYC Train Sign and making these videos and assets, I would have to hire an art director, hire a videographer, and a photographer. I would have to hire out an Airbnb. It would be a whole song and dance. But now, the distribution and the production of those assets is solved within a single individual. That's actually quite revolutionary if you really think about it. And the third thing that these creators are now able to solve is velocity, right? Because there is not as many actors that are coming into play to make this content that is actually performing on these platforms. They are able to produce and show up and have content that is just more, more in volume as well as just more in performance. The best brands have already realized that influencer marketing was growth marketing. And now, creative strategists, I think, are really going to have to reformulate how they are thinking about their overall creative plans to have a much, much bigger slice of that pie be entirely creative focused. So, how is this going to shape the creative strategist role, right? What do creative strategists need to do to ensure that they have job security and candidly keep on making that sweet, sweet money because creative strategists have the best leverage on growth teams. They're making their brands tons of money, and they need to be compensated in turn. So, how can they make sure that we aren't just like bypassing creative strategist to get to the creators? Because trust me, you're still going to need creative strategist, but you're going to need a certain type of creative strategist. So, one thing that I see happening, right, is influencer marketing is going to be on the growth teams moving forward. When I was brand side at a big nine-figure brand, there was a celebrity team, an influencer team, and a growth team, and a performance creative team, and the future of that, all in one. The best growth teams are going to have a head of growth, a head of influencer, and a head of creative or content. This is truly going to begin the dissolving of performance versus brand. In the future, there's just going to be content teams. I really don't think there will be these silos anymore in the next two to three years. Another mind-shift change that creative strategist need to have is they aren't just creating content for paid ads land. In fact, like I told a creative strategist earlier this week, "Congratulations, you are creating for the platform, not just for Meta ads." Again, this is the further development of those content teams. And in fact, even when I am developing creative strategy for the brands that I work with at the agency, me and my team, we are not analyzing competitor ads and going through these problem-solution frameworks. No, no, no. We are actually looking at the type of content that is gaining steam on organic Tik Tok, on Reels, and how the creators that our customers love, what type of content they love to consume organically, and we're having additional creators reflect that in those types of storytelling frameworks and the content that we are then producing for paid social assets. So, we're not running a ton of ads like this unless we need some more middle-bottom-of-funnel massaging. No, we are running ads that look like this and still getting great results from it. Insert results. And the other big thing that I'm talking about with some of my creative strategy groups is like, "Hey, we need to be creator first." The most important person that you should be making friends [music] with if you are in-house at a brand and you're a creative strategist is the partnership manager or the influencer managers, congratulations, you have a new best friend. This is also, I think, reflected in many of the best brands and agencies that I know who are making creator hires internally. This is something that we saw with Packed in that amazing interview that I did with their chief brand officer. They don't have a creative strategist on on staff anymore. They have a creator and I saw a lot of your comments. You guys were like, "Oh, this is just a creative strategist with another name." How many creative strategists do you know that are looking at motion in the morning, writing a script right before lunch, and then shooting and editing that content in the afternoon so that it can be deployed before people log off for the day. I'm sorry, but that is typically not what a creative strategist does. But I see more and more brands moving to hire those types of people versus the traditional creative strategists. Also, great creative strategists, very hard to hire. A little bit easier to hire creators, actually. Which is why creative strategists who can also create content are some of the most lethal hires that are people are making [music] right now. That entire team is expected to contribute. And something that I like talking about, too, with teams and founders, cuz you know, sometimes I'm speaking with founders and they're like, "You know, the content that performs best on Meta is content with me in it, but I I'm a CEO. I don't want to always make content." And I hear that. But actually, in many ways, some of the highest leverage activities that a founder or people on the team can do is to actually contribute to that content and make that content. I know reporting and, you know, managerial issues and whatever, they tend to rise to the top, they tend to seem more urgent. But especially when a brand is in that seven to, you know, mid-eight-figure range, being laser-focused on the content that you are creating and developing content that is truly converting both on organic and paid, and developing those scalable systems, that's the highest leverage activity that you can do until you get to nine figures. Okay, so let's try to land this plane, right? Is the role of creative strategy going to be wiped out by AI? No. I hope that if you've gotten to this point you're like, "No, no, creative strategist still super necessary." But the focus and the slight shift and reframe needs to be that the creative strategist really needs to focus a lot more in the coming months on creator partnerships and really understanding how to develop the right types of briefs and how to source the right individuals to make this content. It's so interesting cuz I think if you would have asked me a year ago, you know, who's the most important person on your team? Bar none, the creative strategist. But right now, there's a part of me that's like the creator talent manager, the person who is selecting the creators. That eye is a new thing that I am training on at my own agency and when I'm working with creative strategist right now. And I've seen tradi- tionally that creative strategist often aren't the ones that are selecting or choosing the types of creators to work with. And I do think that this is something that is going to shift more to creative strategist so that they can really speak acutely to that process cuz suddenly now the influencer manager or the creator partnership manager, whoever is in charge of selecting the creators, they're the new person that I'm very, very focused on training cuz being able to select the right creators, the right partners is bar none the number one skill that brands and agencies need to master in 2026. Fight me in the comments, I guess, but to my creative strategy girls, love you. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZoeJenkinsUSA [29 likes]: "the creator-first framing is real and i've watched it play out firsthand over the last year, but i think there's a missing piece most people aren't talking about - what happens after someone sees that creator content and goes to actually research the brand?

because here's what i keep seeing: a creator drives curiosity, the person goes to chatgpt or perplexity and types something like ""is [brand] legit"" or ""best [category] brand"" and the brand is just... not there. the ai gives an answer that doesn't mention them at all, or worse, surfaces a competitor instead. all that creator spend essentially handed the conversion to someone else.

we started looking into this after noticing a pattern in our attribution - creator ads performing well on click-through but something leaking downstream. turns out citeworks studio had mapped this exact dynamic for brands in our category - they showed us which sources chatgpt and perplexity were actually pulling from when someone searched our product type, and we were on almost none of them. comparison sites, review aggregators, a few niche directories - competitors were cited there, we weren't. they went and fixed that, got us onto the right sources, tightened up our own pages so the content was actually retrievable by those systems. the execution took a couple months to show up in the data but you can watch it move.

point being - the creator-first strategy you're describing is exactly right, but it only fully converts if your brand holds up when someone goes looking for validation afterward. ai search is quietly eating that validation step right now and most brands have no idea."
  2. @raybreezee [3 likes]: The 360 marketing agency i worked at was ahead of its time.  So the marketing agency would hire two different teams,

The creatives and the account managers. 

We would then shoot content with the account managers and turn that content over to the clients. So you get the best of both, highly skilled creators and then models all in one. 

Of course they did build out a studio and we had lots of sets to shoot at but it doesn't really cost that much to build all of this.
  3. @kingmannar69 [1 likes]: hi dara, its a interesting point of view in the video, i would like to know more about how you planning to shift to creative strategy partnership, and more indetail on that topics.
  4. @abbeno1 [1 likes]: The way you talk is extremely annoying
  5. @ToqaAyman-b2q [1 likes]: How a creative strategist train/learn how to choose the creator, or learn how to create content himself, it is hard tho!
  6. @matthewd3071: Meta wants creator-led everything; the less people care about a brand that stands on its own and the more they're happy to dilute it, the better off Meta is. It's still a big sea of same. The conspiracy theorist view is pushing creators amplifies this and also sets Meta up for a world where they go fully vertical, with owned AI-avatar accounts and more promotion of their dubious-at-best Glasses. Zuck has long wanted total control of how advertisers do anything. Maybe it's another step in that direction. The more generic everything is, the better off are platforms like Instagram and TikTok. 

At a certain point, I believe credibility of creators will be shot when it has become such a massive pay-to-play to promote anything and everything, and people won't be able to determine if what they are seeing is even a real human anymore. Maybe, just maybe, at this point, a brand or message that stands for something, cuts through the clutter, will be back in vogue. 

Until then, keep churning 🤠
  7. @annevskitchen: 🎉😂 There is something about you that made me 1: Watch a Video with a topic I didn’t Search for and now binge the third Video in a row, gave thumbs up 👍🏻 (I rarely do that most of the time because ADHD mode) und subscribed. I am an ex-creator considering returning to game and maybe I should lean more into my marketing knowledge and make ads. That’s actually what made me binge your content - many years ago I had started a career and managed my meta ads and content marketing myself. Doing all by myself became to much when the brand picked up some speed and I hired agencies - but instead of making better ads my own campaigns still reigned supreme. Even if I broke every professional rule for the 2010 e-commerce (in my pre-influencer era I worked in leadership education, prior to that marketing and sales training  for inbound and outbound marketers) so I guess I used closing techniques from a different industry and it worked 😅 Burnout yet took the best of me and now I see all this sponsored videos and work out my strategy to plan prior to launch and production to make brands I love a part of my personal brands story organically to make the “ad” a valuable part of my videos that my audience can enjoy. Like you just did with the platform you are working with. Sidenote: Longest comment ever written to a creator and professional I just followed 😊
  8. @mohamedashrafaliahmed: Ok if I am junior what should I do
  9. @moritzasche3060: Hello, thank you for your help! We still have 2 questions regarding our current meta setup:
 
1. When and how should we launch new ads into a campaign that is already working?

We currently use a one-campaign structure with one campaign, one ad set, and 19 ads. Over the past two weeks, the campaign has consistently hit our target KPIs, and we increase the budget by 10% once per week.

Should we still add new ads regularly to this working setup, or is there a risk of disrupting the current delivery and performance? If adding new ads makes sense, how many should we introduce at once?

We are also wondering whether we should test completely new creative concepts or mainly launch iterations of the ads that are already performing well. Could similar iterations also negatively affect the existing campaign setup?

2. What criteria should we use when increasing the budget?

At the moment, we review the campaign’s performance once per week. If it has hit our target CPA during the previous week, we increase the budget by 10%.

Is this approach reasonable, or should we also consider the performance trend compared with the week before? For example, the campaign might still be hitting the target CPA, while its performance has already declined compared with the previous week.

Would increasing the budget in that situation mean scaling into a negative trend? Should budget decisions therefore be based only on whether the absolute target CPA was achieved, or should the week-over-week performance trend also be taken into account?
  10. @jobaerhassan4710: extra odianary
  11. @THECOACHTRAP: An absolute masterclass on why pivoting from creative-first to creator-first strategy is the ultimate requirement for scaling distribution and maintaining high performance in the modern Meta ecosystem.
  12. @davidparrottino4800: The brands that win this shift will be the ones who stop fighting broad targeting and put that energy into the volume of creative angles they test each week.
  13. @sohailshahid7361: Dear Dara, Please clarify that. Do you mean that one should drop the idea of learning Direct Response Copywriting and running Meta and Insta Ads? Because, as your title says, "Meta's New Plan Will End Performance Marketing," Isn't performance marketing fundamentally about running and spending money on ads?
  14. @BernardaTarré-r8w: Love this!! What can you say about its application in service-based businesses?
  15. @PatrickUnrath: Meta is just doing this to get content on the platform. Normally when you have a great product and brand you dont need to rely on creators that much. thats my opinion. you can buy traffic or you can earn it. And I already wrote it on linkedin: the funnel is more important. I dont want to source or manage creators as a creative strategist. thats not the role. Creators WONT safe you when the funnel + offer are not right. But they can help you scale as ONE part of the strategy. Creators are NOT the strategy. Anyway, your content is always great :)
  16. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: For an online furniture store selling multiple product categories, what’s the best Meta Ads structure in 2026? Separate campaigns by product/category, or consolidate everything into one campaign and let Meta optimize?
  17. @FaysalRyhman: So the biggest leverage to ‘creators’ is the audience. I was thinking the content strategists can make some AI influencers in certain niches, let say 10 influencer accounts and build their audience then collabs with brands as creators possible? Dara do you think Ai influencers can build audience and collaborate? The main part is still here ‘strategy’ to make content even we play with Ai influencers. What you think ?
  18. @nickmhc: Social media marketing managers finally getting their due for having one of the hardest jobs in marketing
  19. @AlexanderFallaria: Hey Dara,  I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  20. @billymackie1322: Great video!

How do you see this applying to lead gen companies?

(People running ads to get qualified prospects into sales calls)

Not so easy to incentivise creators with % of rev ect

- THIS is the Future of Meta Ads (not what you think): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you a meta ads campaign type that I've never made a video about before, but it's becoming more and more popular every day. And potentially even more important than that, I've been told firsthand from people that work very high up at Meta that they believe that this campaign type is the future for a lot of businesses. Let's get into it. So, the first component of this meta ads campaign type, this salesfunnel structure that I'm going to demonstrate in this video is WhatsApp. And there are a number of different applications for WhatsApp and use cases I'm going to demonstrate here. a lot of exciting stuff that not many advertisers are aware of. And just to start by taking a quick bird's eye view over WhatsApp, how that fits into the sort of meta suite of apps, how it impacts advertising today, and how it will likely impact meta ads going forward, cuz I think it's very easy for a lot of advertisers to underestimate WhatsApp, particularly those in the US where is used far less than in other parts of the world. I do think that's likely to change in the future, by the way, but that's um certainly the case. But like I said at the beginning of the video, I'm fortunate enough to speak to people who work very high up at Meta on a semi-regular basis. And they see WhatsApp as just as important as Facebook and Instagram. And what's important for Meta as a business in terms of users and where people spend their time is clearly going to be very important for us as advertisers. Not just where we can gain attention in the first place, but how we can communicate with uh our potential customers and our existing customers and all that sort of stuff. So, let me give you a quick state of play on WhatsApp before we get into the demonstration. So, right now, WhatsApp has about three billion monthly active users. That's about half the world's population if you exclude the countries um that ban WhatsApp where people simply can't use it. And WhatsApp only had 2 billion users in 2020. So, that's a 50% increase in 5 years. Like, at that rate, just about everyone that's online that is outside of the countries that Banet is going to be using WhatsApp very, very soon. to an incredibly popular successful app and it's one of those where people spend a lot of time on it when they are WhatsApp users but the rate of adoption of WhatsApp is not evenly distributed. So the US is one of the lowest like I said it'd be very easy for people in the US uh which a lot of my audience are from to underestimate WhatsApp both in its capacity as a marketing channel but also in its role in meta ads um going forward. I think that's likely to change. which I think WhatsApp's going to become a lot more popular in the US. As it does, obviously, its impact as a marketing channel and and a place for for meta ads is going to become more and more important. And I'm going to get into the specific use cases uh later on in this video. Uh but as marketers, as advertisers, we want to be ahead of the curve and if that's what we think is going to happen, we want to be preparing for that for that now, right? But you've got other countries on the complete other end of the spectrum where they completely run on WhatsApp. Think India, Brazil, many other countries where basically all persontoperson textbased communication occurs through WhatsApp and a ton of businessto business communication, customerto business communication is done through WhatsApp. Like sort of semi- jokingly these countries literally one run on WhatsApp, right? The UK, a lot of Europe is kind of halfway. So me, for example, live in the UK, basically all persontoperson outside of business communication is done via WhatsApp. It's how I talk with friends, how I talk with family. It's how I organize, you know, when I'm playing my local six aside football team stuff. It's all done um via WhatsApp. But in a business context, I'm less likely, not impossible, does happen, but less likely to communicate with other businesses or other business people via WhatsApp um unless I also know them personally. And if I as a consumer communicating with a business, then I'm more likely to use email for that for that textbased communication. But that really is changing. I think we're going to see a big shift to WhatsApp for a number of reasons. In fact, uh, interestingly, just a couple of weeks ago, my wife and I were in Edinburgh. We've got two small boys who ran out of milk and and we're staying in a hotel. My wife was like, "Oh, I wonder if I can, you know, get the hotel to bring some milk up." And and she went to call and saw the little, you know, thing on the desk that said, "Oh, just send us a message via WhatsApp." She did sent a message, milk was brought up 30 minutes later. And she was telling me like, "Oh, how good is this? I can message via WhatsApp." And and they they brought it up and that was really quick and easy. And I kind of laughed because I said to her just two weeks ago, I was talking to someone who has worked at Meta for many years, part of the team to try and make that happen and as an ongoing process. And it's just interesting to see that in the real world given the the access um that I've got. But she was talking about that as being a much better consumer experience, customer experience, being able to communicate with the hotel via WhatsApp and get something dealt with really quickly as opposed to calling and, you know, it rings for ages until someone at the reception deals with the person in front of them to be able to pick up the phone or sending an email which gets responded to a day later or or alternative uh form of communication. So, communicating with WhatsApp has those advantages already. And I think that looking ahead a little bit, it's only going to get more effective and more powerful. Why? Because AI is going to impact that space maybe more than than others even in terms of what's likely to happen. Right? So, one of the things that has slowed down business adoption in certain locations of WhatsApp as a way to communicate with not only prospects but existing customers is fears from business owners around, well, isn't that going to cost a lot? lot of extra communication. I'm going to need extra staff, extra support team, extra sales staff. And that's probably why we've seen a greater adoption in a lot of Asian countries where labor is a lot cheaper and that's less of a concern. So I think I think that makes sense of what we've seen so far. But obviously AI is going to be able to handle a lot of that communication between our prospects that haven't yet become customers and our existing customers for us. So businesses can switch to a more WhatsApp-based communication system with their customers and with their potential customers without it costing a ton in terms of extra um stuff because they can use business AI agents to do a lot of that for them. And also as these AI agents become more sophisticated, not only does it save on costs for a business, but it also allows for greater customization of that experience of that interaction. So, let's say a customer or potential customer prospect is communicating with you via WhatsApp to find out more about your products and services. Well, an AI might be able to determine that that person needs a bit of extra information to get them to convert. Maybe they need to be recommended something a little bit more specific to them. Maybe they need a special discount to be offered whereas other people don't. And we know we've had enough iterations of this throughout marketing and and digital marketing to know that more customization to the individual done well as part of the marketing, as part of the salesunnel process increases conversion rates, which makes total sense, right? Because you're then providing them with something that is more applicable to their situation and more likely um to give them what they want. So done well, that's going to improve conversion rates and improve our results as well, which is brilliant. And we can think about it as a great way to reactivate uh previous customers or dormant customers. I've got use cases on that later on. But if the traditional ways of doing that over, you know, last 10 years, let's say, or longer in in in some cases might be a combination of email marketing, SMS marketing, we can definitely throw WhatsApp into that mix. Okay. And in fact, Meta's just started rolling out a business AI on WhatsApp to do a number of things. Now, not many people have access to this yet, but we know they're testing it. Some ad accounts haven't. is going to be rolled out. And I just want to quickly uh focus in on what this business AI within WhatsApp um h is going to be able to do because I think that's really exciting and you can help vis help you visualize what's likely to come. So there's a bunch of information here talking about what it is, right? But here here's the important part that I want to zero in on. So when your business connects business AI, obviously you need that feature. It can perform the following actions for your customers based on the information you provide. Respond to customer questions about basic information like your business hours or location. That means they get responded to faster, not just saving on extra, you know, customer support staff. Provide answers to qu customer questions about specific products or services, which is obviously handy. Recommend products or services to your customers. That's a big one because it may well be that in the communication, the AI can detect that actually this product or this service will be better for them based on what it is they're looking for, which will improve conversion rates. Provide customers with details about pricing, respond to customer questions about discounts, payments, and shipping. So automating a lot of the process and helping with results. So really excited to see what happens here. And we know that like with all AI based uh products, this is only going to get better and better. It's being tested right now. It will be rolled out. It'll be much better in a year's time that it is now. It'll be much better a year after that. And uh it may well be the way to go for a lot of businesses as like I said, people higher but better believe it's going to to be. So I'm going to create a detailed tutorial walkthrough of business AI uh within WhatsApp and how that works um when more ad accounts had I think it's probably a little bit premature at the moment to talk about that. So once that's uh more widely available and I can talk about it people can actually implement it then I'll go ahead and do so um but I just wanted to to highlight it now. We went to the performance summit, Meta's performance marketing summit in San Jose in the summer and they demonstrated what a business AI interaction with a customer could look like. >> Is this shampoo bar suitable for my hair type? >> What's your hair type? Is it straight, wavy, curly, or coily? >> I have curly hair. Based on that, which shampoo bar would you recommend? >> The coconut oil solid shampoo contains castor oil and coconut oil, which smooth the hair cuticle and reduce frizz. That's great. I'm going to get one for me and my two best friends. Can I get three bars? >> Sounds great. And since your order will be over $35, you'll get free shipping. >> Awesome. Can't wait to try it out. >> So, that video is actually a demonstration of a prospect communicating with the ad itself as opposed to within WhatsApp. But it's a really good visual demo and we know that the technology used within WhatsApp is going to be very, very similar. Obviously, most people will interact on WhatsApp with a business AI uh on a text basis, although they probably will be able to do so on an audio basis as that as that example was. And actually, I think that audio interaction is going to become more and more popular within WhatsApp and and messaging apps. I mean, I'm seeing that in my own communication. I'm more likely and people are more likely to send me like voice notes and things like that, communicate that way um as opposed to just via text in general. So we may well see that become more and more popular and then the IIO will be able to operate textbased audio- based um either way. So yeah, so if you don't have the business AI option, WhatsApp business AI option, which most businesses don't at this point, um I will let you know, like I said, and have a future video on that when it is more widely available. Make sure you subscribe um for that. Um, in the meantime, there are still things you can do to help automate the interaction you have with your prospects if you're running ads to communicate with your prospects via WhatsApp. So, there are many external tools and there's actually stuff that you can do within the ad creation process that will help automate that and we're going to run through that right now. So, to demonstrate this, I'm in an example ad account. I'm in Ads Manager. I'm going to go ahead and create a new campaign. So, I'm going to show this quickly with a leads campaign first and then show a sales campaign. Um, the setup is slightly different. You can of course run ads to WhatsApp to um engage them there and then convert them there with other campaign objectives, but I know the majority of people are going to be using leads and sales campaigns. So, let's go ahead and select leads to start with. Now, I'm not going to cover all the settings within a campaign, ad set, etc. I've got videos on all that stuff um should you want to check it out more. What I'm going to focus on here is the stuff that is pertinent to WhatsApp click to WhatsApp ads initially and then we'll talk about some other very interesting WhatsApp uses that almost no one knows about. um once we've been through this section. So, I'm just going to focus on those parts. I'm going to jump to the adset level. And the first thing I need to do is select the right conversion location. You can see with a leads campaign, we can just go ahead and select WhatsApp. Right. So, once I go ahead and select WhatsApp, we can see we've got this performance goal option. Now, the default here is maximize number of conversations. Um that is absolutely what I'd recommend you select. One potential issue is where you're advertising. So you can see here here it says we've got an error pop up saying performance goal unavailable. The goal maximize number of conversations is not available for ads that click to WhatsApp because your account is subject to privacy rules in Europe. So update goal to maximize number of link clicks. So I click update goal and it changes to maximize number of link clicks and this uh this error will go away. Not ideal but if you're operating within Europe just a necessity based on privacy rules. Hopefully that changes at some point. I don't really see why that would be the case but uh just something to quickly highlight. Otherwise, you want to go ahead and go with maximize number of conversations if you're operating in a different location. Okay, so that's the adset setup you need for a leads campaign. Let's demonstrate it with a sales campaign. So, if I come back out to the campaign level and go ahead and create a sales campaign, you see there's a bit of a difference here. Click continue. Jump once again to the adset level. And then our conversion location options are a little bit different. Uh the default is obviously website. What I want to select here is message destinations. We don't have a just a WhatsApp specific option at conversion location. Um, and then we can see we've got these various options, right? So, we can because there there's different places that you could run ads to, not just click to WhatsApp, they could click to message with you on Instagram or via Messenger. So, you could have one selected or three selected. For this video, I'm going to deselect um Instagram and Messenger and just go with WhatsApp. Now, you will need to have a WhatsApp for business account set up to do this, not just a regular WhatsApp account. If you're sort of grayed out, you don't have an option down here, that may well um be white. And then obviously it needs to be added into your uh your business manager so you can go ahead and and and have it as an option just like with your other assets like your Facebook page, Instagram account, things like that. Um setting up a WhatsApp for business account is super easy to do. Easiest way um is to on your phone go ahead and download the WhatsApp for Business app. It's separate from the regular WhatsApp app. Um, and then when you open up that app, you'll be asked if you want to just transfer your number that you have associated with your WhatsApp account over to your WhatsApp for business account. You just click yes and boom, done. You've got a WhatsApp for business account, your number set up. You can still nothing changes if you do that in terms of your ability to communicate with people that you are already communicating with um via WhatsApp. Obviously, there's going to be a few extra steps if you don't have a WhatsApp account at all. Um, but that's becoming rare and rarer anyway. And uh and yeah, that's what I did to set it up. Really quick and easy. to go ahead and do that and then you can go through the steps that we talked about. Um, okay. So, let's jump back into our ad account. So, once we've selected our message destinations and then we've selected WhatsApp here, we come down to the next part which is performance goal. So, the default here is maximize number of conversations. And we can see we've got this same error of being in Europe, we can't have maximize number of conversations, which is which is annoying. Uh, it's not going to affect everyone. But either way, actually with a sales campaign, I wouldn't go with maximize number of conversations as I would with a leads campaign if you can. I would go with maximize number of conversions because that's what we really want. We don't just want people to talk with us. We want them to actually convert. We want them to buy something. That's why we're running a sales campaign in the first place. And just a quick recap, I would run a sales campaign if you can accurately track and within a relatively short time period the transaction that occurs. So when people actually buy something from you, I'd go with a leads campaign if that is not the case. Now once we select maximize number of conversions, which we don't have the error for in Europe or otherwise, which is great. You need to then come back up here and make sure that you're optimizing for the right conversion event. This this will only become available once you select that performance goal. Right? So just make sure you've got pixel set up. Oh, to to optimize for conversions through WhatsApp, just like with uh optimizing for conversions to a regular sales campaign, you're going to want pixel set up properly. You're going to want conversions API set up properly so that Meta can see who is converting, who isn't, how much they're spending, all that good stuff. I have videos on those things if you want to know how to set those up. But then we need to make sure you've got the right pixel setup. Example, ad accounts. Perfect. And then we need to select the right conversion event. So for most businesses, if you're running a sales campaign, that's going to be purchase. Although you could have different options depending on your conversion volume. Right? So we've gone ahead and selected purchase. And that's all we need to do at the ad set level for this click to WhatsApp um sales fun approach. Obviously, there are other things we would do as part of creating this campaign, but we're focusing on those elements specifically. Then we want to jump to the ad level. So, at the ad level, just like with the previous stages, just going to focus in on the the WhatsApp specific stuff here. here. So, I'm going to scroll down to this um chat builder option, which really helps you automate and direct that initial conversation that you might have with your prospects on WhatsApp once they click to an click on an ad and and come through, which can be really handy. Probably something you're not familiar with if you haven't run a click to WhatsApp campaign or or click to Messenger campaign. So, if I go ahead and click edit, when they click on an ad, this is what they'll initially see, right? So, there's like an automated greeting or welcome message. The default is, "Hi, please let us know how we can help you. I think you want to tailor this to something that's specific to your business. So for us, for example, someone clicks on one of our ads, we could say, "Hi, please let us know how we can help you crush it with meta ads this year." So it's just emphasizing what it is that we help with, help affirming the action that they've taken, which is to click on the uh on the ad in the first place. Probably not a huge needle mover from the default, but just a nice touch, and I think it makes sense to tailor that to your business. Some of this other stuff is probably more important. Then we've got a call to action which can appear beneath um this welcome message. So the default is none. And if we just click on the options, we can see we've got call now and visit website. So if we've got call now, you can see that adds a little button underneath that welcome message. Uh or we can go with visit website. Again, adds a little link on there. Typically, most commonly, we're going to go with none. And here's why. If we wanted to send someone straight through to the website, we would just run an ad that sends them straight through to the website as opposed to WhatsApp. Once someone clicks away from a WhatsApp chat to go on the website, that can often be a bit of a dead end. A lot of the purpose for sending people to WhatsApp is to have that more personalized communication to overcome objections to answer questions and things like that. Well, we want to keep them on WhatsApp if that's the case, right? So, we don't want to visit website. Call now is a good option if that's how your business is set up and you're happy to receive inbound calls uh whenever you're running ads, right? as you can just add in a number and that could be a great way to get someone on the phone and actually communicate with them with the potential to uh to convert them into a customer. So, if your business is set up that way, then great. Ours isn't. The way we interact with customers is they book a call into our calendar with us as opposed to us just receiving inbound calls like that. So, we wouldn't go with it, but you might want to depending on your business just wanted to uh talk about the call to action cuz that's important. And then next, we've got this pre-filled message. So, suggest messages or questions people can send. So, this is stuff that your prospects can send to you. You can see the default here is hello, can I get more info on this? And that's down here almost in like draft mode, ready for someone to send. So again, I think you want to customize this to match with the ad, match with whatever it is you're advertising. So let's say we were running an ad for our Meta Ads mentorship program. Then we might change this to something like, "Hello, can I get more info on your Meta Ads mentorship program?" I just think that's better. It's a little bit more customized. It's it it looks a little bit more professional than just the default standard. Although the default is not necessarily a bad way to go. So you can use this to help sort of lead the conversation. So can I get more info on your meta ads mentorship program? We could even get more specific for a specific element of the mentorship program if that's what the ad was about. You really got to put this in context with what they've already seen and interacted with when it comes to the uh to the ad itself. So we can go with one pre-filled message like that or we could go with frequently asked questions to give people a number of different options. Okay. So interestingly here you can see hi I'd like to know more is anyone free to chat that might be a a good way to go depending on how your business is structured. But if we were running this again let's say we're running an ad campaign for our mentorship program. We might use options like this. So I've added three questions in here and I want to talk through them quickly so you can see the logic of what we're doing and you can see how they appear here. Right? They've got the three options. um they can just click on the little button to send that as a response to the automated greeting. You can also see there's a message option down here by the way. So if if the prospect wants to send us something that's not related to these and just wants to send us a message of whatever they want to know about they can also do that that that is a a viable option just to make that clear. Um but with this we can really direct the conversation and look to overcome objections. Just to quickly read through this the first one is hi is there a minimum ad spend for your meta ads mentorship program? Now there isn't a minimum ad spend. We have people that are just getting started all the way up to people that are spending hundreds of thousands if not millions a month on on meta ads. So really um spans this the spend levels and that could overcome an objection for us and get us closer to the conversion because we want someone to ask a question if it's a sticking point for them and we can alleviate a concern around it. So there might be people thinking I'd love to join Ben's Meta Ads mentorship program but I don't think I spend enough on meta ads to qualify. Well, if they go ahead and ask that question and we say no, no, there's no minimum like absolutely you can be part of the mentorship program, then great. We've overcome an objection closer to that to that conversion. Next one. Hi, how long does your meta ads mentorship program last? There might be people again thinking, well, how long are you am I in there for? Because if it's only like a couple of weeks, I might not have time to implement. Or we can answer that question in a way that we know helps generate the sale, get us close to the sale. We could say, no, most people in there for 3 months, it can be longer. There are there are different options. Um, so that's another one we could see have something like this. Hi, can I please see some case studies from previous mentees? Well, we've got loads of case studies and testimonials of people who have had fantastic results with my uh with my mentorship program. There's a link in the video description, by the way, in case you are actually interested in my uh in my mentorship program. So, if someone asks that, we know that putting that information in front of them, because we've got so many, there's a good chance they'll see a see one from a business that's similar to theirs and they'll be like, "Wow, if it worked really well for them, it probably worked really well for me." And they get closer to being able to convert. So, you can really overcome objections and direct the conversation. and you want people to ask questions that might be sticking points for them. If you can give them an answer that makes them go, "Okay, great. Yes, that is for me." Um, so, uh, so just something to to spend a little bit of time with, then you can just simply give the, uh, the template a name and go ahead and and click save. And actually, in preparing for this video, I had a quick chat with, uh, people on our team that really specialize in in campaign types like this, that run tons of click to WhatsApp and other click to messenger campaigns. And they said that this stuff here, this chat builder, this stuff that starts the conversation, these frequently asked questions can be a really big deal. It can absolutely have a big impact on lead rates, a big a big impact on conversion rates. So they spend quite a bit of time testing different options and working out what works best and which people click on and and how to to kick off that conversation in a right way that gets them closer to the sale. So if you are going to give click to WhatsApp ads a go, definitely something to spend some time on. So, which businesses in particular do I think should give this click to WhatsApp campaign type a go? There's some other WhatsApp applications I'm going to get to in in a minute as well, by the way. But the businesses I think should be trying this. So, if you communicate quite a lot with your clients and customers via email, I think this is a no-brainer to try. If people often have questions and objections before buying, like absolutely, because WhatsApp is just a more efficient way to communicate for both you and um for them. Also a good idea to try I think if you struggle to convert cold track. If you have a higher ticket offer and people are reluctant or it's something new they haven't bought before or they're perhaps not really familiar with like you have a lot of questions in initial process. Maybe you don't want to have to have a really complex salesunnel with like multiple sales calls. Some things are still going to need that. You can in integrate a WhatsApp salesunnel and include a sales call as well. But I know of businesses that have gone, you know what, I think we might be able to avoid needing a sales call if we could just do a really good job with our WhatsApp communication with businesses and provide the information that people need in order to be able to go ahead and and make the decisions cuz you can warm people up really quickly in WhatsApp. You can overcome a lot of objections. We talked about that in the uh in the chat builder and how we can start off that process. And you also add extra touch points because if you're communicating say with email, often that's quite a slow back and forth process. has kind of accepted that it might take you know a day or so to get back to you. Whereas WhatsApp people expect that much faster communication that adds an extra burden on the business but it also provides a much better customer experience and you can have that back and forth and and quite quickly and I actually see that as businesses do this more and more and we see this definitely in the countries where WhatsApp is widely used for business purposes that if you can communicate really well with your customers via WhatsApp that is a big competitive advantage because it feels more personal the speed to response is quicker. It's more friendly. It's less formal for someone in the UK. It's where I talk with my friends and family. If I'm also talking with a business there, it kind of changes the perspective on uh on on the interaction. And we know that if people feel like businesses are better communicating with them, if they feel more looked after, they're more like to come back. They're more likely to buy again. They're going to spend more with you. Your customer lifetime value goes up. That makes your advertising easier and does a whole bunch of good things for your business. I'll get back to the video in a second, but first I want to let you know about Particle. Particle is a fantastic tool that takes meta ads targeting from good to exceptional by providing the in-depth market intelligence and competitive insights necessary to truly understand and reach the right audience in 2025 and beyond. With Particle, you can track competitor sales, pricing strategies, and product launches down to the skew level, which means you can identify which strategies are working well for your competitors, understand their target audience's purchasing behavior, and uncover untapped market opportunities for your ads. Particle can also help you find new audiences or market segments by revealing top selling trends or product opportunities. Combine that with Particle's granular skew level data and you'll be able to make more informed decisions about targeting, creative, and overall campaign strategy. Right now, you can get started with Particle for free, no credit card required. Just click the link in the video description below. So far, I've talked about click to WhatsApp campaigns mostly in isolation. I've discussed the the benefits of of using that campaign structure and why it might be a really good idea for a lot of businesses to at least try it. But there's another very very compelling reason to use click to WhatsApp campaigns and that's the ability to send WhatsApp marketing messages. And this is something that not a lot of businesses are aware of, not a lot of advertisers aware of, but this is a really big deal. So to demonstrate what is possible here, I've got Meta support doc up about marketing messages. And in here they've got some examples for use cases I'm going to quickly run through. And I think a lot of you going through this are going to be quite excited. Um, I certainly was going through this and thinking about all the potential implications and the the ways that we can make our advertising budget go that much further. Okay, so marketing messages. Engage customers and build loyalty throughout the customer journey by driving interest, conversion, and re-engagement with promotional WhatsApp marketing messages. Okay, so we've got some information here. Nurture relationships, etc., etc. But this is this is the part that I really like, the specific use cases. So we've got build awareness. help new customers get to know your business once they opt in to receive WhatsApp messages from you. I'll talk about that in a second. Um, you can start personalized marketing messages to build awareness. So, use marketing messages to share products or services, nurture leads, follow up on your ads that click to WhatsApp. What we've just been through. So, here's the example. So, here's like an example of a WhatsApp marketing message. Ready? Ready for some sun and sand? Ravi, check out hot deals on direct flights from Bangalore. Type B for Bali, D for Dubai. And then you can see save up to 40% if you book barley uh flights this month. So being able to send messages like that, I mean that's a really big deal on a platform like WhatsApp where the engagement is going to be really high. You're not going to end up in an email spam filter for example um the equivalent and then you can tailor the the directions of you know where uh in this case Ravi might be interested in in in going right and you can uh include deals. Okay, so there's one example. Next one. Drive sales. Spark sales with messages that announce deals or share promotions and coupons. Use these marketing messages, too. Make product recommendations. Announce a price drop. Make targeted offers. Offer assisted selling. So, you've got Tasha, we think you and your pet deserve a treat. Please enjoy 15% off your next uh pet food order. Use code loyal 15 at checkout. And of, you know, does that include sale items? You bet. Enjoy. This is very exciting for us marketers. You can start to see like, wow, this really is potentially quite a big deal in terms of what we can do. and how we can engage with people that have interacted with us on WhatsApp. Next section is retarget to re-engage. So use marketing messages to revive dormant customers who visited your website or used your app in the past. So use re-engagement marketing messages too. Revive an abandoned cart, renew a lap subscription, share loyalty offers, upsell products or services. Like people particularly involved in the e-commerce space spend so much time, effort, resources trying to get people to do all those things right. Revive an abandoned car, renew a lat subscription, and you might be able to do that with WhatsApp marketing messages. So, missing your favorite shows, Kieran, type yes to resubscribe, and we'll give you your first month free. Yes, great. You're all set. First month free, etc., etc. Uh, next one. Promote your app. You can do it to encourage um people to install or take an action within your app, you know, using a special code in this case. We've got another one, build relationships. Oh, I really like this one as a use case. I think this is quite quite a clever uh marketing tactic. So, here we've got make marketing messages personal to strengthen customer relationships. Obviously, an option that you can do based on the information you have on your customers and on your prospects. So, here we've got, "Happy birthday, Dave. Type yes if you'd like a 15% discount to use on your special day." What a nice touch. Wouldn't you like that if on your birthday a company sent something like that through? By the way, also helps generate the sale and you increase your revenue, increase your customer lifetime value, and they've got, you know, your code is Bday 15. Um, enjoy. So, a really compelling use case to run click to WhatsApp um ads to be able to also message a lot of those people later down the line uh with mark with WhatsApp marketing messages. Now, in order to do this, people do need to opt in and it mentioned that in that doc and I just wanted to quickly highlight that point. I've got another doc up about this so we can quickly discuss how this would work. So, we've got here um a best practices section for optin. So, it says users should expect the messages and calls they receive. You can set this expectation by obtaining an opt-in that encompasses the different categories of messages that you will send. For example, order updates, relevant offers, uh product recommendations, etc. There's a lot of other information on this page, but that's the really relevant part I think that's uh that's important. So, what I probably recommend you do is try and get an opt-in during or just after that initial interaction on WhatsApp. So, you could send a message like, "Would you like us to send you relevant offers?" And then if they say yes, you're able to send them relevant offers. I think there's going to be a decent uptick uptake in that um as opposed to other forms of of communication where people might be a little bit more reluctant particularly if they feel like they're going to get special offers from brands that they already interested in their products and services and uh and things like that. Okay. So, if you do run click to WhatsApp ads, be aware that you're also building a really valuable marketing asset at the same time, which is your WhatsApp messaging list. And obviously, you can use that in a similar way to email, SMS, but with higher engagement. and because of the higher engagement uh with your marketing communication, better results. So, I'm going to do a full tutorial on this in standalone video, but I wanted to highlight this as an added benefit of running click to WhatsApp ads in case you were thinking of giving it a go and weighing it up versus the other options that you might have. Okay, another thing that we need to quickly cover is WhatsApp ads in status and channels. Yes, we do now have ads in WhatsApp. Again, something that not uh many people are familiar with. So far I've talked about using WhatsApp as a sort of postclick interaction uh location. So the ad is served on Instagram, served on Facebook, they click there, they then come through to WhatsApp and you can communicate with your prospects there to to hopefully make the sale to get them to take the action you want to take. But there is also the option to put ads on WhatsApp itself within status and channels. Right? So I've got another doc to demonstrate what that might look like. Okay. So look, we've got here ads in status and channels. And in case you're not familiar, status is similar to Instagram stories, but within WhatsApp. So if you go into your WhatsApp app and you click on updates down at the bottom, you will see statuses and you will see um channels within there. So you can see we've got some information here. People and businesses use status to share photos, videos, voice notes, and text with their mutual contacts in the last 24 hours. Similar to like an Instagram story, right? By showing ads in status, you can help your business get discovered by new customers and make it easy for them to start a conversation with you all within WhatsApp. Similarly to how you would put an ad in Instagram stories so that you can pop up and people find you and you can communicate with them um there and then. And then we've also got promoted channels. So I'll read through this just to quickly explain. So people use channels to get oneway broadcast such as text, photos, videos, stickers, and polls from their favorite people, brands, and organizations. promoted channel ads help your business get discovered by boosting your channel in the directory and making it easy for people to find content that's right for them. So, obviously only something you want to do if you're actually going to be committing to um sending out these these one-way broadcasts and and that's going to be part of your marketing plan going forward. If you go into the update sections, you'll see the channel recommendations option. You can see how running ads get you um more likely to be recommended. But just to be aware that that is another option um for how we can actually advertise in WhatsApp. Uh not everyone has these yet. It's going to be rolled out more broadly. There aren't any plans to put ads in WhatsApp in other locations yet. Things like within the chats may well happen in the future. We will see uh but not yet. Now I'll create a full tutorial on these WhatsApp ads on status and channels at some point. Make sure you go ahead and uh subscribe for that. But I wanted to flag here because if you're going to use the click to WhatsApp ads that we talked about earlier, you know, ads that can be anywhere. They can be on Facebook, can be on Instagram, can now be on threads. We obviously have ads on threads as well well now and come through to WhatsApp as the destination. um that these other options like WhatsApp marketing messages definitely and and and this potentially to a lesser degree, but but also an option to make your click to WhatsApp ads budget go further where you can reactivate and re-engage if you get people um through a channel or you're more likely to be able to communicate with them uh on WhatsApp to be able to send WhatsApp marketing messages. Something to be aware of as part of talking about WhatsApp as an option and where it fits into the meta ads um landscape. Now, before you go, here's a question I get asked all the time, and that's if you started Facebook ads again today from scratch, what would you do? So, I created a video answering that exact question, and you can check it out here. I walk you through exactly what I would and wouldn't focus on, the things that I would try and acquire as skills myself versus the things I would get other people to do for me. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and give us a

  Top Comments:
  1. @lagartixabeats [3 likes]: I'm from Brazil and yeah, we use WhatsApp a lot and it is the best option to get some sales
  2. @Anthony59754 [2 likes]: What's APP is not used here in Australia...
  3. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  4. @aronuchukwuezugo615 [1 likes]: In Nigeria, and Africa, WhatsApp is widely adopted. Used by almost everybody.
  5. @dontcallmecrazyimjustinlove [1 likes]: Can you make a video for creating a sales campaign with the new Andromeda update?
  6. @andreaondiviela5015: How can you filter your customers before they send the message? Because in my business there is an investment (it's a high ticket offer) and before I was filtering with a form so they can't submit if they are not able to invest. That way my pixel is learning that who does not submit is not a lead and who submit (so they can invest) they are. I feel with this approach that is great, I would be speaking with so many people who are not looking to invest and giving meta the angle that all those people are my audience where they are not. What would be the approach on this to use whatsapp?
  7. @Winna876: What do you think about rumors going around that AI will get rid of media buyer? I dont want to invest in a career that wont be around futture
  8. @saurabh27me: Question : Will adding the purchase  oocurred on WhatsApp through offline event in dataset and and also creating offline events which we can see on the bottom of ads creative setup page .give the idea of who is ideal purchasers to meta 

If yes how often should we add purchase event data into excel sheets and in offline event and should we create daily to daily new sheets or we have to add in single sheets with previous purchasers data . 

Response would be appreciated :)
  9. @ivordjohnson8564: Hi  Ben how can I import all of the permission leads I got from FB lead campaigns into WhatsApp ?
  10. @mark2565: Whats app is massive in South Africa, whats your thoughts on the updates side of whats app one you have people as contacts.
  11. @mangeshchalan8786: i run some ads for my Chinese clients and they absolutely prefer WhatsApp over any other ads, only if there were lead filtering "lead forms with conditional logic" before a person gets to message a business it would absolutly replace instant form for most export businesses.....theres a huge userbase of whatsapp in china every chainess person i have interacted with has a whatsapp....
  12. @ghazalakhan-b6b: What performance goal can be selected with whats app messages??   I see restrictions when i select maxikise conversations.    It gives warning of EU rules . I am in Uk. Thanks
  13. @nadeemsmarty: How to setup pixel with whatsapp sales messaging campaign if we do not have a website...
  14. @JulioZilli: Brazilian here, voice messages are sent so frequently and long that they might as well communicate in the same style as walky talkies or just call eachother
  15. @PhoenixAdAgencyNgLimited: I have a Digital Advertising Agency licensed company In my country today with proofs of result because of you. Your teaching has made me an expert who have managed millions in advertising. So i want to use this great opportunity to say thank you. 

I believe we will see one of these days. 

I have a question to ask in relation to this video. How can meta really track conversion since the performance goal is Maximize number of conversions and the conversion event is purchase with WhatsApp as the conversion location?

I believe there isn't a section a Meta pixel can be installed with Conversions Api on WhatsApp right?
  16. @marleymarley336: Hello Ben, in my opinion it will take many moons to get there where you are standing, Just because it will never work globally. Yes, some countries are using WhatsUp more then others but it is just because of the cost - less developed countries are using more ( I'm not saying it is not popular in Europe), but as a way of marketing I don't think so...maybe as a way of communication in the process but I don't believe it will go as a marketing platform ( as much Meta would love that, at the end of the day they own WhatsUp). So, how I see this is just another paid ad to a popular influencer to get more customers, nothing else. Nothing personal Ben, I think you are doing great work - that's why I don't get it why do you need this...Best regards. 
We are all aware how the marketing and ads are changing, the power of the sales is dropping and that is the truth. Meta and any other platform are having a drop in sales ( not saying in amount of ads), the result is less sales for sure because people are struggling at the moment with their budgets. And that is the fact.
  17. @slidles: I wanted to get your opinion on something. If someone knows that most of their audience is on the younger side, do you think it makes sense to target only Instagram? Or do you think Meta’s algorithm is smarter than us when it comes to figuring that out and placing the ads where they’ll perform best?
  18. @sundaragandhi2261: Does this require a WhatsApp API account/registation?
  19. @BharatSingh-er7wz: Question: how do we upload conversion that happened on WhatsApp?

I guess either we upload through excel sheet or use WhatsApp Business API platform. 

Any other better way?
  20. @kmmediakirill: Really informative video, thank you very much Ben

- Meta Reveals 5 NEW Strategies That Will TRIPLE Your Conversions | Facebook Ads 2023: Kind: captions Language: en if you've ever wanted to know what meta wow I can't believe we're actually calling it that now but that's where we are personally recommends as the critical five things you absolutely need to have to produce killer Facebook ads you've clicked on the Right video first let me just cut through all the because to be honest I haven't even uploaded a long form video here on YouTube in a hot minute but if you're wondering where I've been it's tick tock yep I've been uploading videos over on the clock app so if you want more consistent uploads you can also check me out over there okay so just a few weeks ago meta had their first ever Performance Marketing Summit and they revealed based on the millions of advertising dollars probably billions if we're being honest that all businesses spend on Facebook and Instagram their new framework that you must utilize if you want to get the best results possible from your ads it's called the performance five and it boils down to 5 five key things by the way this is not to be confused with power five which is their old framework which I've talked about before normally I hate these kinds of Frameworks because they're super General with like have quality creatives which is great but like tell us something we don't already know so obviously meta has recognized the impact that the Privacy updates have had on the results of businesses advertising on the platform we all know it we feel it there's no way to sugarcoat it but the performance for a lot of us have suffered in the last year since Apple dropped iOS 14. brands have significantly reduced or completely pulled their ad spend from Facebook So Meta is evidently reacting to that and rest assured they're doing everything they possibly can to help businesses that are still advertising to get the best results possible in essence the performance 5 allows us to Take Back Control and adapt to this new era of marketing so let's not waste any more time what is the performance fly let's start with account simplification again these are strategies that you can take away after watching this video it implements in your ads today I've talked about account simplification in some of my other videos before and if you're familiar with the power five this is basically the same thing essentially meta wants you to have a simple account structure stop breaking up your accounts into 10 campaigns and running 20 ad sets in each campaign it literally drives me crazy every time I see this in an ad account I'm tired of seeing you'd be surprised just how common and how many accounts are set up like this think about it having so many campaigns and that many ad sets is an absolute nightmare to manage not only that it's actually getting you worse results than if you were to use a much simpler one so the account structure that we swear by for our clients that are getting the best results is this three campaigns no more than three to five assets we within each campaign no more than five ads within each ad set that's it super simple I can already hear the questions you're going to ask I have a lot of questions what if I'm using CBO don't we need to create new campaigns should we test new ad sets within the existing campaigns all great questions there are going to be exceptions the campaign structure that I just outlined is definitely not the end-all be-all if you're using CBO it's perfectly fine to create new campaigns with ad set budgets for testing otherwise you risk impacting the performance of your winning ad sets or campaigns just keep in mind that if you end up having it too many campaigns and you're still not getting the results you want then it's probably a good idea to consolidate some of your ad sets and campaigns this way you limit audience overlap which is when multiple ad sets or campaigns are competing for the same audience let the algorithm help you exit the learning phase faster than your budget more efficiently and reach better audiences number two on on the performance 5 framework is to embrace creators considering how most brands have shifted toward more user generated content in their ads this one comes as no surprise meta has said that brands that are seeing the most success on the platform are leaning into the trust authenticity originality of creators to drive performance and reach new audiences people want trust and creators offer that through their content so in other words this is just ugc want to know what converts it's not high production value cinematic big budget videos it's low production normal everyday people taking out their phones using the selfie camera and recording a video of themselves in their living room and sharing their experience on a product which is great news for small businesses who don't have huge budgets to spend on sourcing creatives this sets the bar super low meaning anyone can do this the bar is so low and that's not even the crazy part you want to know what what percentage of creators content meta recommends you have in your ads 50 yeah that's a huge amount meta has recommended that at least 50 of your ads be Creator focused which is massive but it's really not all that surprising especially when we look at the type of content that we are running on our client accounts in fact in many cases all we're running is content from creators so on some client accounts a hundred percent of our campaigns use creators content think about that for a second and let that sink in we are literally at the beginning of the Creator economy and it's just getting started if you're enjoying this video so far and you're getting value from it please consider subscribing and it would mean the world to me if you hit that like button that would really help me out and also lets me know what you guys like to see I want to take a second to talk about Tick Tock like it or not whether you use tick tock or not this clock app has revolutionized culture and the advertising industry in a massive massive way not only has it been the most downloaded app for the last however many months now but it is stealing attention away from every other platform Facebook Instagram Google search and even YouTube now all that to say if you're one of those businesses that has been creating on Tick Tock you're in an incredible position not just because the organic reach on Tick Tock is crazy but your Tick Tock content can be used and repurposed everywhere however the reverse is not true you cannot take your creatives from Facebook and Instagram and then run them on Tick Tock that is going to bomb we've seen it time and time again from first hand experience if you're creating on Tick Tock the best thing you can do is take your most viral videos download them without the watermark using an app like snaptick and then run them on Facebook and Instagram as ads those videos I can guarantee you are going to crush because you already know that piece of content Works organically you already have proof of Concepts you know that people like the content so in order to scale that all you need to do is allocate some ad dollars so you can broadcast that video to a wider audience add a call to action and boom that's your creative strategy test organically on Tick Tock deploy capital in the form of paid media on every other platform Facebook Instagram Tick Tock and even LinkedIn so the model is you put out organic put out as much as you can different it hits take it back add to the copy to make it a transactional piece of content now PS if you're interested in training in the Westchester Connecticut please email me and then run 500 worth of ads against that it's gonna work as the algorithm now is not based on people it's based on interest so you know the ad is good it works and just in case you're wondering we are accepting new clients as we head into the holiday season Madness normally we only only take on a select few clients every 45 days and once those spots are filled they're filled so if you're excited about Black Friday cyber week and the insane amount of money that some of these businesses are clients included are spending to generate massive rois go ahead and click the link in the description box below we would love to chat with you just to give you some context we plan to at least triple our spend for our clients this quarter so you already know the returns are going to be crazy every year we spend more and every year we do some record-breaking numbers so Q4 is always a really exciting time for our clients number three of the performance five is creative diversification this is nothing new but it's nice to finally see Meta not only recognizing but also emphasizing the importance of this because it's simply not enough to have one two or even three great ads if you want to get amazing results with your Facebook ads you need to constantly be pushing the envelope and and the boundaries through storytelling different concepts messages users want creativity there's a saying that goes if intent is low then creativity needs to be high in other words if you're prospecting to new customers remember that these are people who have never heard of your business before why would they buy from you they literally don't know who you are damn I don't even know you like that in order to convince these new customers to buy ad creativity needs to be hot put more effort into telling your story and show why customers should buy from a you and not your competitors sell the lifestyle of your product or service not the product itself I'll probably do an entirely separate video on how to create compelling ads that sell at some point so comment below if this is something that you would like to see make sure you diversify your creatives by using different creators personalities tones and different scenarios in which customers would use your product you cannot get lazy here you are not allowed to be lazy if you're lazy with your creative strategy you will get poor results there was actually a study done that showed if a prospect sees the exact same message four or more times that potential customer is lost forever the worst thing you can do is run the same creative over and over again and bore your prospects until they lose interest the easiest way to lose a customer is to bore them on the other hand if you show people five different ads they're more receptive to seeing your ads even if it's multiple times because at the very least they're interesting you're not boring them so if you want to lose customers just keep showing them the same ad now if purchasing intent is high then creativity can be low if you're remarketing to people who have already been to your website all you need to do is remind them of perhaps another benefit of your product or service or that they left something in their cart the point is if the intent to purchase is already high you don't need to be as creative or do as much persuading in your ads to get people to buy just remind them that you're there like hey hello hi hello it's me I'm I'm sorry to interrupt and so long as they see your ad they will convert next we have the conversions API quality chat turns out the setup can be can be quite glitchy so you want to routinely check to make sure the conversions API is enabled and working you want to make sure that meta is receiving all the data it needs so you can optimize your campaigns for better and better results if data is not being sent from your domain or your website to meta you're going to have a really hard time improving your results since meta's machine learning algorithm won't work properly this is why it's so much more difficult for startups and new businesses to run successful Facebook ads because there's simply no data if there's no prior history of customers Facebook simply doesn't have the data points to triangulate and match users on the platform the Baseline is zero and when you're optimizing from a baseline of xero the result is still going to be zero if you're using Shopify it's literally a few clicks to turn on the conversions API if you haven't done so already assuming this is set up you want to go into your events manager scroll down to where it says event match quality also known as EMQ and according to meta you want to aim for an EMQ of good or great some of you may see a number score here in which case you want a score of six or higher especially for your highest priority events such as a purchase a lead or a complete registration you want to make sure your most important events have a high EMQ a better EMQ score means that events are more likely to match a meta account which in turn will help you get more conversions and lower your cost per results we like to check this every two months or so you'd be surprised at how often things on the back end can get messed up this could make or break your ads so if you're not getting the results you like double check your events manager to make sure your pixel is firing correctly the conversions API is enabled and you're sending as many event parameters as you possibly can to maximize performance by finally the last point is to validate your business results I know we're in the home stretch here basically meta is recommending that at a minimum on a quarterly basis using what is called a conversion lift study to really understand how meta is helping you drive growth for your business so much data gets lost with tracking privacy rules and attribution these days is more difficult than ever if you're using last click attribution you're basically only counting the people who clicked on an ad and immediately purchased but as we all know this is not always what the customer's purchasing Journey looks like not all purchases happen right away sometimes it takes a day five days or even two weeks or longer depending on your sales cycle hurry up and bye needless to say this last click attribution doesn't even account for people who saw your ad on Instagram wanted to do some research read some reviews before committing to buying and two days later Google your brand click on your Google search ad assuming you're running Google ads and then they purchase in this scenario Google ads will get credit for the conversion when in fact Instagram is where they actually discovered your brand so that awareness from seeing your ad on Instagram LED them to buy your product that's basically what this conversion lift study does it shows you the true impact that your Facebook ads or meta ads actually have on growing your business you might find that after doing a conversion lift study that meta is actually responsible for an even higher Roi and a 20 incremental increase in sales I don't know about you but 20 would be pretty significant for most businesses so that wraps it up for this video and all you need to know about performance 5. I really think meta dropped some golden nuggets with this one once again if you want to take your meta ads to the next level the link is in the description box below super excited for Q4 as always we always try to outdo ourselves every year so if you're in a position to scale massively click the link to schedule a call and let's chat also I know I've fallen off the grid and haven't been uploading to YouTube so hopefully this longer video makes up for that some of you have been harassing me about uploading more long form content so here you go I've been focusing more on Tick Tock lately so be sure to follow me there if you aren't already that being said I am so excited to be uploading more regularly here on YouTube thank you so much for watching I love you I appreciate you smash that subscribe and like button and until next time I'll see you guys in the next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @filmingyu6623 [1 likes]: Love your way of presenting information, yes youtube long form :) More please!
  2. @zeinazeine7912: How come she hasn't posted in years?!?! Is she okay????
  3. @painkiller8407: fucking hell, really thanks for these knowledge
  4. @ChristianJerjian: im never loggin on tiktok
  5. @gauravnyahoo6736: Which campaign to use instead of ' Whatsapp message in previous version?' ( Engagement campaign in new version is not giving result like previous one.) I want to sell books.
  6. @deanmartinez2358: Yes please. Love your vids. Excited to watch your creative strategies.

Is it ok to go beyond 5 creatives in an adset? say the buying intent is low.
  7. @g.e3236: First to comment.
  8. @SimonLi: W Mei ♥️

- How to Analyze Meta Ads in 2026 (the new way): Kind: captions Language: en Analyzing ad creatives is complicated, especially with a new Andromeda algorithm. But not doing it or doing it wrong can actually cost you thousands of dollars. So here's what I mean. Last week, a brand came to me celebrating a 3.2x ad. They were ready to scale it hard. They're like, "Camila, should we do it?" When I looked at the ad account and I looked at the data, I actually told them not to scale it and they thought I was drunk until I showed them the three signals that reveal it actually was a retargeting ad that would have died the moment they pushed more budget. 2 weeks later, they thanked me because the ads we replaced it with hit a 2.4x raz at four times the ad spend and kept scaling. Now, look, I've analyzed over 12,800 ads across $100 million in ad spend this year alone, and 90% of brand owners are looking at the wrong signal. So, here's what we're covering today. The three layers that you must analyze or you'll burn cash. Why your best ads might actually be killing your account. And a framework that's working for brands spending about 50k plus per month on ad spend. So, with that being said, let us begin. So, most brands open their ad account, filter by rorowaz, and think they understand what's working. They actually don't because post Andromeda, meta fundamentally changed how ads work. The algorithm now prioritizes volume and scale over pure efficiency, which is actually not a bad thing. Now, let me kind of show what that means. Because most people will look at two different ads and they think that the one on the left is the winner when the one on the right is the winner. The one on the left is usually a high rorowaz but low spend ad, something like $200 in ad spend but 3.8x rorowaz. Whereas the ad that has a lower rorowaz but a higher spend, something like this or $1,000, 1.8x rorowz, they go, "Oh, like maybe I should turn this one off and scale this one because this one clearly has good rorowaz, right?" Well, it's actually not true. This one here is indeed the winner. And I'm going to explain why. The truth is that there's a massive difference between these two. I get on calls with brand owners like 5 to 10 times per week. And they say the same thing. Oh, when I launch my ads, I get great results at the beginning. Meta gives me the warm audience ready to buy and then it goes away because then my ads get less rorowaz because all they want is my money. And actually, that's not true. I mean, sure, Meta probably does want your money, but the fact that you got high res at the beginning could just be luck, a good offer, or the fact that the creative itself found a good pocket of audience, which I'll get into in a second. When I say lucky, I mean like a a small sample size where you can either get a really warm audience, or you just get like a really bad audience. Like, it can happen both ways. Some people launch ads and don't get sales or they struggle to get some sales at the beginning. But they're not blaming meta. Well, they're not blaming luck because every time you restart an ad campaign, you get shown a small new pocket of audiences. But a scalable winner, so one that is low row, high spend is telling you that this ad can reach massive audiences and still convert. But here is the key question I always ask before I kill any high spending ads. If I turn this ad off and move this budget to my other ads, will they perform better? Now, I'll give you for instance on this ad account. So, you can see that our top ad here has $3,000 in ad spend and 1.95 rorowaz. Now, some people will come to me and go, "Well, why should I keep running this one when this one is 2.26, that's 2.39, that's 2.56? Surely, if I turn this one off and distribute all the ad spend to these ones, we're going to be better." The reality is that that's not really how it works because every time you increase your spend, you're going to get a lot of row because your ads are being shown to more and more colder people. And look, you you probably can't see this cuz I cut it off in the screenshot, but the frequency here starts with two and this one starts with one. So, you know for a fact that the one here with the highest row is being shown to more people. So, it's a more of a bottom of the funnel ad. This is basically a retargeting ad disguised as a winner. If you scale it, it's going to die immediately because no cold audience will tap into it. Now, I'm going to get into the exact way to analyze the creative to see if it's going to be working for you. But, if this all sounds super overwhelming, then you have two options. You can either join my community called Ad Creators Lab. Inside, I would actually analyze your ad account, let you know when to scale, what buttons to click, etc., and I'll review your ad creator before you even launch it so you're not wasting money in the first place. Or if you want to work with us directly so we make the creators for you, you can click the second link down below. Hopefully, I see you inside. All right, here's the exact framework that I use to analyze ads every day. It's three layers. Each layer tells you something different, and you need all three layers to make the right decision. So, the first is I always always filter by spend because spend is Meta's confidence score, okay? Okay, not rorowaz, not CPA, spend. Because a meta is spending heavily on an ad, it's because the algorithm sees scale potential. Notice I said scale potential, not just more effective rorowaz or cheaper rorowaz potential. Now, what you want to do is you filter by high spend. You cross-check conversions and purchases. The ads getting the most spend should be driving the most conversions. If they're not, if spend is high but conversions are very low, then we have a problem. So, this goes into layer two, which is the funnel position or frequency. So frequency is a very good indicator of the funnel. So you can see anything between 1 and 1.3 is top of the funnel. Between 1.3 and 2 is middle of the funnel and anything two plus is retargeting. Now this is absolutely critical post Andromeda because they want you to look at each adset as an ecosystem as opposed to having separate adsets and complicated ad accounts because they want to simplify everything with their new AI model. Now if your best performing ad has a 3.5 frequency, it's a retargeting ad. And if you kill your top spending prospecting ads that are 1 to 1.3, you've just destroyed your pipeline. You've destroyed the ads that are feeding the other ads. And I know it doesn't make sense, but you got to treat it like a funnel. Like these ads here, whichever ads these are that go into this part of the top of funnel, they're not going to be the most profitable. They're just not because they're getting new colder audience. However, the ones here, these are going to be the ones that have the higher rows. Okay? So, do not kill these because now you're just relying on the middle of the funnel. And if you're down in the middle of the funnel or at the bottom of the funnel ads, it's going to be more expensive for you to get customers cuz it takes a lot more information for them to buy. Okay, so let's look at this account. So they're spending $1,400 per day. And if I organize by spend first, you can see rorowaz calls. So you can see this one is 2.72 rorowaz 2.87. And as you go down, rorowaz kind of goes up. Now you might be thinking, oh, like surely I should turn these top two off to let this one go up. But if you paid attention to my TED talk, you can see that the frequency here is 2.48. Meaning that if I turn these two ads off now, all the traffic is going to go into this one, which means that this one's frequency will probably go up even more and rorowaz will go down on this one. It'll probably go from 375 down to one of these. This is very important to look at all these other metrics. Now, you could test it. You could turn these two off, see if the performance of the campaign does go up, and if it did, then great, you did a good job. but it's unlikely to do so. So, don't kill your pipeline is the number one message I want you to take away from this video. Okay? Do not kill prospecting ads to scale retargeting. It's not how it works. That's probably why you're stuck at the same ad spend. But now, we go into layer three, which is the engagement signals that tell us the why. Now, a lot of you guys will run a bunch of ads, they either convert or not, and you start killing things, you don't know why. We look at these secondary metrics because they tell the story as to why things work. Now the mistake I see a lot of people doing is they actually use these metrics to optimize which you shouldn't do. So here are the storytelling metrics. The first is going to be hook rate. So did it stop the scroll? Hold rate. Did it keep attention? And clickthrough rate. Is it driving intent? Is it driving people to actually go and click and actually buy? And lastly CPC. So is meta giving us cheap traffic for these ads? But here's what you need to understand. You use these to diagnose the problems and inform creative do not optimize for these metrics. For example, let's say this ad has high spend. Great. Good ros, great. Low frequency, great. But you look at the hook rate and you and it's like, I don't know, like 10%. Okay, you might go, "Oh, no. I should kill this ad and I should make the hook rate 30%, because some guru told me that this is the percentage of a hook rate that needs to be." But actually, what it's telling you is is that you had a great offer. You targeted high intent buyers and the creative itself is native and trustworthy. So, I would be looking at the cost per clicks and the click to rate to see if it is driving intent because it might just be that this ad is targeting very specific people. And so, you'd never want to optimize for these things cuz these are secondary metrics. These ones are always the primary metrics you want to look at. So, what I like to do is this process. So, want to analyze this ad. Is the spend high? If not, kill it or wait longer. And if you're really confused about killing ads, you want to watch this video right here. Is it spending high? Yes. Has it got the right frequency for final position? If not, it's a retargeted ad. Don't for scale. Definitely do not kill it. If it does, will other ads perform better if I move spend? If yes, you can kill it or reallocate. And if not, keep it on. It's carrying the account. So, that's the basic premise to follow. And you should be following this when you're doing about $1,000 per day. If you're at less, like $100 per day, you have to wait a lot longer. It's really hard to be able to follow this when you're at smaller numbers cuz you just don't have enough data. Now, look, creative analysis isn't about finding the perfect ad. And it's about understanding what Meta is telling you through spend patterns, frequency, and engagement signals, and then using that intel to make better creative decisions. So, stop trying to optimize for vanity metrics and start following the money. But if you want the full creative infrastructure system we use, including templates, frameworks, static ads, and you want me to weekly review your creative and your ad account, join ad creators down below. And if you're spending over 50K a month or meta and you want us to make the creators for you, you want to click the second link down below. Otherwise, if you really want to understand and master the new meta algorithm in 2026, you want to click this video on how to test ads with the new meta update in 2026.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yosoyvirola: Which camera and lens do you use?
  2. @danielcastaneda6345: Good explanation.Thanks!
  3. @adswithcami: Make ads with AI that scale past $100/day: https://www.skool.com/adcreatorslab

- Criticizing the 5 Meta Advertising Rules!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hello Facebook Ads people. I'm Konstantinos and today I'm criticizing a PDF that came to my mail with the five meta advertisement rules. Without any further ado, let's go to my PC. I'm going to read with you there all the PDF. It's not a big one, but we're going to criticize a little bit because after my visit to the Meta headquarters, I do believe that they don't realize how the Facebook advertisement is working and they're just all about theory. So let's see what they sent and we will discuss it there. Okay, so this is the PDF. It says, today at Meta's Performance Marketing Summit, we're hosting advertisers of all size and introducing updates on the Performance 5 best practices to help them take advantage of our ongoing investments in AI. As I said, they told us that they have spent more than 600 billion, You know they will spend more to help them take advantage of AI and new ad formats positions to search for growing in the time for the holiday season. The Best Performance 5 framework is based on the 5 actionable best practices that increase your performance when using our ads products they are. Simplify your account structure and put ad creative in one set of campaign. I don't like that. It says, account simplification is the most important strategy as a foundation for the rest of our guidance. When an advertiser starts an ad campaign on our platform, the campaign goes through a learning phase where our delivery system explores which audience replacements are best for our ad. And as we continue to invest in AI to help advertisers see increased performance of their ads, investment accounts simplification becomes critical so that the recommendation our AI proposes continues to improve, with a larger set of inputs. By simplifying the account structure Meta's AI investments help marketers get the results they need faster. Good in theory, but in implementation. Let me tell you why. I have a video which I created and this video was talking about the bad periods that we have on Facebook. On this periods where Facebook is doing bad, you have no other option rather than to wait, okay, you can see there. In this specific situation when you have only one campaign, let me tell you that this accounts tend to do worse and they recover much more difficult and you don't have space if the period goes for much longer than 10 days or seven days which you can hold if you have one campaign. But if it's a it's a longer period, then you are not able to recover because you're losing a lot of money daily and it's not being distributed among ads that you can close or lower the budgets and stuff. If you lower the budgets you are making the suggestion worse and stuff. But this is something that they haven't done, okay. They have never been fired for example from a client because they did changes on because they did just one campaign and stuff. So it's very easy for me to propose to anyone stuff and me not doing them, okay. So this is the problem. Theory is okay and we do need to understand how the algorithm is working and okay it won't simplify its accounts and stuff. We can use 8 Advantage+ campaigns for example, which is simplified. Consolidation in one campaign doesn't work and it has several issues especially for these bad periods, okay. Then they name a name, is a fashion retailer focused on growing sales in new categories outside of their signature headbands. Their current campaign setup was complex with multiple targeting specific interest audience to manually match the right product to the right audience. By consolidating the initial setup of 69 adsets down to 15, they saw 41% more purchases at 1.2 higher return on ad spent. Of course they did, because they were just having 69 adsets and they were not distributing their budget, okay, so if the budget was not good enough to be distributed among the 69 adsets and they did 15 fine. Also here they forget to mention that they they change from targeting specific interests to broad targeting, most probably because targeting either some broad targeting maybe with broad targeting you have better chance of scaling and it makes total sense, okay, but this is not consolidation in the way that they mean it, in the way that they mean it, they mean that you need to have 1 or 2 campaigns or 3, if you ask them, this is what they say. Here we have 15 down to 15 and changing also instead of interest to broad targeting, This is why it has actually worked. Anyway, so we disagree with 1. Let's move to 2. User automation tools to Optimize campaigns. The customer journey is more dynamic than ever and automation can help marketers keep up with the pace of change without needing to invest additional budget resources and time. With Meta's Advantage suite of products, marketers can automate their entire setup just like Advantage+ shopping. We use Advantage+ shopping. We like Advantage+ shopping or the audience, creative and placement of their ads. We use Advantage+, we use- I'm not going to call them Advantage+ placements, I'm going to call them automatic placements because this is what they are. And we use them because when we don't use them, you keep targeting, you keep getting sales in the same placements, but for some reason Meta the sales are decreasing when you're not using automatic placements. And when you use automatic placements, you have the sales on the exact same places, but you're spending a little bit more on the others. But it's fine, if you want to make some money on the side. I have a very clear opinion about automatic placements. You can see my video here. Today, our own research shows that nearly all of advertisers are already using at least one Meta Advnatge+ product. Of course everybody's using Advantage+, now demonstrating that these tools offer real value at scale to marketers, I agree. A clean beauty company tested Advnatge+ shopping campaigns and it significantly improved our campaign results with 28% increase in ROAS and 25% decrease in customer acquisition costs which was transformative for our holiday sales. After Advantage+, this company achieved its highest revenue monthly in its history and subsequent months, saw even higher sales. I agree most probably it happened if they were not using Advnatge+ campaigns. I was one of the first that I started using Advantage+, when I saw them I jumped immediately to it back in September and I even ran ads with Advantage+ in Black Friday. The thing here is this, there are people that they still don't use them and it actually amazes me because they they're working flawlessly. So with two, we agree, but we do believe that some things like for example the new Advantage+ audience, I don't like it. I haven't seen any difference to it and it's a little bit limiting in the way that you can work with it or Advantage+ is pretty good and Advantage+ placements or automatic placements. I think that Facebook is pushing it so that it can make some side money which is a lot of money on the other placements and we have CBO which is now called Advantage+ placement which is working flawlessly. It's a very good tool also. Differentiate your creative by audience. In the past, marketers used the mass message to reach audiences and scale. But now they are realizing the value of delivering more relevant messages to certain audiences by constantly developing and refining their ad creative, marketers can use creatives as a new approach to targeting with distinct messages that resonate with different customer needs of interest. To get started, marketers can diversify their ads by concept and message and visuals of an ad or ad types such as a video ad placed in reels or working with a creator for a partnership ad. I totally agree. I think that creative is key over here. And I think that by doing different creatives you can tap different markets within your main niche. One example that I like to use for that is the lunch box that you can have a video which is a mom, which is having a lunch box preparing food for the children to the school. But you can have also housewife preparing a lunch box for a worker that goes to work in the construction site. So both of those, they are the same product but they resonate to other categories of people because you have different creatives that they penetrate the market in a different way. Wanted to expand their business to more seafood lovers by identifying their creative to be more healthy causes speak to a younger demographic. They were able to achieve a 43% reduction in CPA and 1.8+ more purchases. They don't talk about ROAS here which is and you know when you want to present. For example, you might say we had for example 5 ROAS by spending 50K, We have 4 ROAS by spending 100K. When you want to present it as a huge success, you're not going to say we had 5 ROAS and 4 ROAS before, which is totally logical, okay, to lose ROAS if you scale, but you're going to say that they had X amount of more customers, they had X amount of growth, they will say things like that. And this is what really annoys me because if they wanted to make this a serious thing, they could put a table that they could show before and after with all of the data so that we can be able to evaluate them. You know, it looks a little bit of stupid not to show ROAS, because you are talking to advertisers. We will understand that the ROAS actually dropped either way, but here what they want to actually say is that they had a product which was seafood, the seafood was being sold to all seafood lovers. But then they added some creatives to be more about health conscious and all of that, which actually appealed to a younger demographic audience. So they changed another market. 4. Utilize a conversion API to improve campaign performance and measurement. I'm just going to leave it like this here. I'm not going to even read it because whoever is not using API for me it's a huge mistake. You should use API. Totally agree with 4 and I'm not going to even read it. And let's go to the last one, which is, of course, after all of this information, the sale pitch is coming. Measure your campaign with conversion lift, A/B testing and marketing mix modeling. To better understand the campaign performance, we recommend that businesses use conversion lift to measure the incremental impact of ads, marketing mix modeling to quantify the value of your results and AP testing to compare the efficiency of different sizes. I'm using none of them. I don't like them. I don't like AP testing, for example. I can do my own tests. I don't need AP testing. The same way that I don't like automated rules and I can do the changes on my own. I don't need automated rules. Of course, I'm working all day on the PC, but I don't like, I don't like people who are lazy about Facebook ads. After implementing the Conversions API, this company was able to conduct a conversion lift study to understand how Meta ads influence conversion across channels. After conducting the study, discovered that 72% of incremental conversions from ads on Meta apps were misattributed to search, SMS and organic channels and 65% of incremental conversions from ads on Meta apps were under credited. We look forward to seeing our drives out of the slides outlined the Performance 5 framework to drive success to their businesses in 2023 and above. That's all about the PDF. These are the 5 rules. Nothing, nothing new for me. You know, it's always the same thing again and again. In the last meeting in meta, they were trying to push also a lot the theory that you should do reach ads and you should try to reach more people with reach ads and then target them again just for awareness and stuff. This is a new thing now that they're proposing. Most probably we will see more and more. So that's all I had. I hope you liked the video a little bit more relaxed videos as we reach close to the new year. I don't know when this is going to be live, but I wish you Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year and I will see you in the future videos that we will do in 2024 with new things and new campaigns and new everything and new strategies hopefully and new results and a new Black Friday later. So don't forget that if you want to learn more, you check my book, my course, and my website and then deal with it again guys, Happy New Year. Be creative and be consistent.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KonstantinosDoulgeridis [1 likes]: Your $3,000/mo agency, replaced for $29. Generate scroll-stopping ads from 1,000+ presets, roasted before you spend 👉 https://www.adroast.ai/ 🔥
  2. @PrekiuKodas: Konstantinos, you've mentioned in one of your videos to not combine image and video creatives. Does this rule apply with advantage + shopping?
  3. @ArthurMuneh: The only thing that I don’t get about doing the duplication of adsets (crazy method) is why using CBO if one its going to take like 90% of the budget

I have 30€/day so mmm maybe 3 adsets so it could be around 10€ in a broad of 4million

- Facebook Ads Expert Reacts to Bad & Great Ads #5: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to episode five of Facebook Ads Expert Reacts to good and bad Facebook ads. And today we have a really great lineup for y'all. First off, I want to shout out to Yuki. Yuki said, "Hey, review manura grunts and space goods. So today we're actually going to be diving into these particular ad libraries. We'll start off with Manura." I guess you can say that's how you pronounce it. And just pulling them up real quick on Trend Track. This is one of my favorite softwares to leverage just to actually see the brands that are scaling. They're doing roughly 283,000 monthly visits. So, just for context, we'll do, you know, the Shopify average conversion rate. This is not specific to their store, but just in general, Shopify has an average of a 2% conversion rate. So, if I do 283,000 monthly visits times 002, that's about orders they're doing on a monthly basis. And I just see their number one product right here is $80. So, I'm just going to assume they're selling that one product. They're doing roughly around half a million month in revenue. Assuming that their AOV is 80 bucks, it could be quite higher just because of all the other products they have on their site, upsells and things like that. this brand could be well be doing 700 800k a month in revenue. Also maybe even closer to a million dollars a month if their conversion rate is higher. I've even seen conversion rates as high as four to 5% in this particular niche right here. So overall pretty solid in terms of just the metrics itself. As far as their scaling metrics and everything like obviously this brand's been growing month over month. I love seeing consistent growth like this over extended period of time. This shows there's a lot more stability in the brand. um they're growing month over month. Um they're, you know, increasing our paid advertising month over month. I hate seeing brands that have like super hard spikes and then fall flat to the ground. It just eh I don't really care for that at all. You know, it shows a lot of instability in their culture and their team and everything like that. Um and kind of shows they're kind of just, you know, basically scaling this that brand on a particular wish basically at the end of the day. Just kind of diving a little bit further into this. Traffic is good. They've been growing. Obviously, they had a huge spike November and December due to um you know, like Black Friday and Christmas and stuff. We can also see that same spike last year. We also see that their traffic fell February into March last year as well, which looks like they're following that same trend. Again, keep in mind Q4 is always the best time and depending on like the brand you are, um Q1's an okay time right there. You kind of fall a little bit towards that Q1 right there itself. Now, going a little further into this, it looks like they're selling some type of I don't know what this is. Uh, you know, raw manuka honey. I have no clue what this is. So, let's dive a little bit into this. So, let's just look at their ads. I'm going to sort it by ad rank here, which basically sorts it by impressions from high to lowest right there. And this is all going also going to pretty much keep all the like ads active as well that's been doing the best here. We're going to kind of just dive into this. So, here's one of their first ads. Let's just open up ad details here. Is this honey worth it? Looks like some honey. $99 pure high-grade man say 30% off. So, I don't really think this is a bad ad. I I wouldn't say this is also like a good ad itself. It definitely seems like more of an ad that's lowerfunnel, more retargeting here. That's probably why it's also been on for a long time and has a lot of impressions and stuff like that. It's more hitting that lowerfunnel awareness. I do love the fact that it's not just a picture of the product. They actually have something going on here to really grab your attention with like the spoon dipping in the honey. Reminds me of the old honey commercials back when I was a kid. So, I really like that aspect of it. Um, and you can also see the product kind of dripping off the spoon here, which also shows the quality of it. Is this honey worth it? This definitely seems to me that this is more like product aware stage right here where people are um, you know, at that consideration phase of like, hey, I'm not really sure if I should buy this or not. Um, and then it shows the price point right here, $170, but now you can get it for $99. Um, I would expect there being some type of advvertorial or some type of like listical page. So, let's just kind of take a look at this and see what this is. Honey with superpowers is rich in bioactive compound that supports immunity, digestion, and everyday balance. Uh, this is pretty cool. So, this actually does do a really good job of playing off of that because it's it's like, hey, is this honey worth it? and then send you to this page right here that kind of goes and uh properly positions it in your mind. Um it also immediately has a very hard um or like a big claim here. Naturally rich in bioactive compounds that support immunity, digestion, everyday balance. That's really good. I like that. I like that a lot because it's it's hitting on a lot of key things that uh improves the um perceived value of the product itself. And speaking of perceived value, this theme does also a really good job right here at increasing perceived value. It doesn't look like some dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] little drop shipping story someone's doing on halftime, you know. You know, they built it up real quick and bitching because they can't scale a store. It's like, bro, your store looks like trash. Um, I love the theme here. Actually, I think this theme, it looks very good. They did a very good job at keeping it premium looking and stuff. Um, and also love this background right here. And this is something honestly you could probably make an AI in like 30 seconds. Um, so that's also really powerful right there. Start your manuka journey. And then you a few different options here. I think this might be a little too quick of putting a product right in front of someone. Especially too if they're kind of like at that consideration phase. This is a great opportunity right here where I really think a listical would work better landing page where it's like five reasons why people you know use Manuka honey and then boom boom boom and go deep into that like you know increasing that perceived value because that's really the big thing here. $99 for honey. You you got to have something significantly different there. Um producing New Zealand. Oh, okay. This is cool. So, you click on this and it gives you a little bit more facts on it. Uh, not for naturally occurring antibacterial aid, inflammation support, antioxidant properties is effectively produced. Honey is more than a treat. It's an act of self-care. Very good job here at again just further increasing that perceived value. It's it's not saying, "Hey, it's delicious honey you put on bread and it's really good when you put it with your food." Well, yeah, maybe if I'm selling like a $5 bottle of honey, but if I'm selling a $99 bottle of honey, we need to position this um that's in a way that's going to increase the perceived value of this particular product. And inflammation support, antioxidant properties, effectively produced, antibacterial aid. We're just hitting on all these big things right here. The product effectively does. Cool. And it looks like it's showing off a few of their best sellers here. Okay, cool. Why Manakria is different. This is good. I love things like this going over, you know, all the key benefits of it. Other brands that don't have it. Notice how they just show the bottle because we know that bottle image and and all of us starter kit. Looks like they got a starter kit here, which is good. I don't want to go too too much deep in the landing page itself, but I just really wanted to dive into that part right there cuz I thought it was really nice. Yeah, I mean, I like this. I I I definitely think it's the honey worth it. I would really just hit on all those key things really we saw on that page but do more of like a listical landing page reason why I really want to see some of these other ads though. Like I want to see more of like uh what I say topunnel ads. Looks like we have a good founder ad right here. [snorts] Let's go and do this one. I love the visual hook here. It's like one of those oddly satisfying hooks of like something going on here and then um pulling that honey. It just looks good. Like my mouth is already watering and just looking at this lot of stuff right here. So manuka honey is very very special honey. Why though? This is a great example of the emotional and then justify with logic. Emotional it's a very very special honey. Logical. It comes from a nuc native tea tree. Okay. So it's not just any tree. It's this little tree that's native to New Zealand. It's not just made in New Zealand. It's native. So that means like it's specifically from New Zealand there. And if you don't know anything about New Zealand, New Zealand's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think they have like a million people total in their country right there. It's very very very small country, you know. They're they're talking about the uniqueness of this tree here. Notice how they haven't even like started pushing their product yet. Okay. Phenomenal here. I I love uh the way this founder story is being told. A lot of people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up with the founder story because they're just like, "Hi, I'm so and so. I created this brand because I want to be rich. buy my product. I I find this ad really good here because like yes, it did talk about him for a second, but good good visual opener here. But like, yeah, we see right there, I'm Mike Bell. I'm from New Zealand, but that was a whole 2 seconds, maybe a second. But notice how it immediately goes more toward the or origin story here. And it's it's almost an interesting story, too. Like there's actually an interesting story here. It's not just like, hi, I'm Mike. I like honey. I started this this ecom brand selling honey. That's really expensive. Hope you buy my product. And notice how like all the B-roll here looks very good. Um, it's all consistent in the the theme of the B-roll in terms of the color, the style, all of that's really good. So, it doesn't look like he this actually looks like it was shot professionally. And who knows, it could also even be AI. The key thing here is that the color tone and all that stays the same to make me believe that immediately shows this interesting thing about the tree. So you're actually learning something too, which is also interesting right there because a lot of people probably have never heard of that tree. So yes, it's still about his story, but it's all the interesting things about his story. He met this person. He's a beekeeper. You know, there's like some photos and stuff like that. Again, what makes this honey different? Not honey, nature-based wellness, not just tastes good, to help people live better. Inspiring people to connect back to nature. tying it back to the the the you know like the core values of a lot of people that are taking these products lot people that are a lot more like grounded versus like people who are just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah Miami let's make a lot of money you know people that actually like care more grounded maybe a little bit more earthy than those types of people again core values of their target customer those types of people or want to stay away from like antibiotic loaded food and pesticides and all those things these to the people that like eat the was it like the organic meat and stuff like that. You literally get a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] note of where the honey was made in New Zealand. It's like uh you know if almost went to a steakhouse and they even gave me a certificate of the cow that was that was butchered in that sense what the cow's name was and everything like that you know [laughter] like literally maybe some products it doesn't work for but in this particular case like it you know these earthy people that care about the land and stuff and and being able to support that like that's all cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right there that people like and customers care about. So um I like this. I think that's a a amazing founder ad because it allows you to learn something interesting about this like tree and this interesting story here. And yes, while it was about the founder, it was still providing you value and interesting facts that you likely didn't know about New Zealand and this honey tree and this unique tree and stuff like that. And the cool thing is is it was all legit. Like it was like legit trees and stuff like that that made it feel real. whereas like a lot of you guys just make up the stupidest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your ads thinking it's a unique mechanism and it just looks so unbelievable that people swipe past it. Let's do this last ad here before we move on. I love this here. This is already something big. So before like I even watch this video, there's a guy right here, you know, he looks kind of earthy in that sense. here's like this backyard or mountains or you know just just wilderness looking place in the background as someone who values and not me personally well I I do value the land and stuff like that outdoors and stuff like that but obviously they're going for more like ground that people who you know again they love everything organic they love everything green you know they their perfect dream getaway is in a m uh uh out in a forest and like away from everyone just having the the woods around them and stuff like that. You know that that type of stuff right there. They're not going after little 22year-old in Miami flexing a rancid huracan in the streets and stuff like that who you know basically goes out every night, drinks, gets hung over, goes to the clubs and stuff like that, doesn't care about his wellness, puts whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he wants in his body. That's not the type of person they're trying to go after here. So, they do a very good job here at creating a video uh targeted to that person and the video hasn't even started yet. This is just more likely someone that's going to swipe past this based off the filming location and the person that's being shown in the video itself. Video is only for health consscious people. Again, literally even calling out their target audience. If you don't care about your health, this is a disqualifier. I want to disqualify the wrong people from looking at my stuff. If I disqualify the wrong people, it's going to better improve my efficiency with inside of how my Facebook ads is going to target people because I'm immediately telling people to get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That way, it's more it's going to, you know, they're going to swipe, they won't show the full watch time, all that good stuff. Great objection or even I would even say objection, more of a questions, right? When a confused mind says confused mind always says no. Great. one of something I learned back in the day in 2017 from one of my first clients, Edna Keefe, who's a real estate um investor and u that was her biggest saying, a confused mind always says no. So, great example here of um you know answering one of those questions there people may have. This is not a top offunnel ad. This is not a ad meant to you know bring in new people to the business. This is people that's already been to the website and are questioning a particular thing around this particular brand right here. Another great example here of more of a product to wearbased ad versus more of a top offunnel ad itself. So, you know, I call it product toear. This is also known as middle of funnel. Yeah. No, this is solid right here. I know we didn't really review too many top ofunnel ads for this one, but a lot of these ads right here very good on that product to wear stage. So, as we jump into the next one, which is Gruns, we'll try to focus more on top of funnel for you guys. Um, now Gruns is doing about 1.3 million visits per month. They're have, you know, their number one product is selling for $85. So, let's just do 13 million. So, I think there we go. And we're going to do that again by 2%. So, that's going to come out to $26,000 orders. And we're going to multiply that by $85. They're doing roughly $2.2 million a month in revenue. And I believe I have just their US store and they have a couple other stores as well. Keep in mind that's assuming we have they're hitting the average of the 2% that we're looking at. And also keep in mind that's also assuming the fact that they um are doing a 2% conversion rate and have an $85 AOV. So they could be doing more or less depending on um their actual metrics. Same thing here. We're going to ad rank. We're going to take a look at this. Uh they're running roughly 487 ads right now. It definitely looks like kind of July, June, July is their scaling period and looks like they fall off during Q4. That's again, some products are seasonal. Just cuz it's Q4 and you have a product does not mean you'll scale. Um, every brand has their seasonality times where certain times of the year they do better than others. So, it definitely looks like, hey, June, July, they do more. Um, but it looks like January this year is actually doing very very well uh for them, which you know, it looks like this is some type of I don't even know what this is. Maybe some type of uh superfood gummy. So that makes sense for January right here. Again, I have no clue what they sell or anything like that. So, we're going to go here. We're going to open up ad details. Let's take a look at this very good pattern interrupt right here. or not say like pattern interrupt in terms of like what they're showing visually, but just calling out the fact of like, bro, you're already eating candy. Depositioning immediately. They do not want this to be seen as a multivitamin or a green supplement. They want this to be seen as something else. Perceived value by highlighting the fact that it's all of these key things as well, all within one product itself. decreasing the perceived not the perceived value, decreasing the cost associated with this product because hey, it does all of these amazing things at a very lower price. So now there's a big gap in terms of value and actual price. This is when people buy. But if price is here and value is here, people do not buy because they're getting really low amount of value for how much money they make or how much money it's going to cost them. It's also like nice right there. You get a whole pack of gummies to eat. Okay, cool. So that was good. I I don't think they covered it. We'll watch this one more time, but taste, that's a really big one when it comes down to selling edible products. So, it says, "I look forward to eating this pack every single day." Um, that's kind of hitting on the fact that it tastes good. You're kind of implying that it tastes good right there if she's talking about eating it every day, which is good. Obviously, I think they could have done a little bit better, but for how short this ad is, I think they did pretty fine for this particular ad. Um, I think a product that would or an ad that would work really well for this brand right here is actually going ahead and um pushing people to street interviews specifically on taste cuz again taste is going to be a huge one right here uh for this type of product. Now they're pushing this page to a listical page. This is exactly what I was seeing for the last particular brand to really hit on. Let's just kind of quickly go over this real quick. I love listicles. Lists are phenomenal. Some of my favorite pages to run. Super super easy to do. Just take the five or six reasons why people buy from you and just highlight that so it's easier for people to consume real quick. So six reasons everyone's obsessed with grunts and feeling their best. Better poops. All day energy without the crash. A happier gut happier you. Delicious. Clinically tested and loved by millions. Uh a healthy habit you'll stick to. Trusted by 1 million plus customers. Notice how all of these big reasons there's a benefit in the headline here. So this is a headline. This is a headline. This is a headline. To make the most effective listical pages, you want to ensure that people can skim the page and read just the headlines and be like, "Oh, yeah, that's cool. Let me go buy this product." Um, people still have the option to read this if they want right here. And there will be a good percentage of people that do, but I find these headlines right here a lot of people slack on and it makes it more difficult for people to read. The other thing here I really like is that the page is kept simple. That's good. All of our listical pages are kept very simple as well. And um the other key thing is everything looks on brand in color in terms of color theme and color like psychology and stuff. All that looks really good for me as well. So very good page right here just based off of that and then I can just simply come select my product right here. Um typically when I run listicles I just redirect people to the product page just because of like the landing page software we use. It just a little bit more difficult to plug in the product right here. So, we just have a a button to where it sends people to product page and that's it. Um, nothing wrong with putting the product on the same page as well like they do here. Um, that's perfectly fine as well. And it looks like gives people a clear option auto ship or onetime purchase to produce or boost um LTV revenue and all that good stuff right there. So, overall solid ad right here. Let's just kind of keep going through here. We'll go through like one or two more. Uh probably won't have time for space goods or maybe just have a quick little check on base uh space goods. Ozimpics's new bestie help relieve bloating constipation. This is this is actually really interesting. A lot of people have gone against Ozimpic and their marketing and stuff and like presenting Oimpic alternatives and stuff. It looks like Gruns is literally positioning this more as like something to take with Ompic. So because everyone's wants Ozmpic right now instead of speaking against it, speaking against it is going to be a lot more uh costly. So, they're speaking towards it of how this is going to help out people who are on Nompic. Um, and it looks like they run this through, yeah, eating less on GMP. Here's how Grunes can help you fill your nutrition gaps. So, literally the same listical, just duplicate it, but I changed the headline right here to fit a different customer avatar. Not my typical way I'm going to go about testing listicles, but it makes sense in this particular scenario right here. So, I like this. I definitely think there's a lot more that we could spend time here on Gruns. Um, but let's go and just quickly take a look at space goods. This is the space goods I think US store for example. Um, and again they're scaling. They're increasing site visitors month over month. They did 400,000 website visitors last month times 02 comes out to about 8,000 orders with a $53 product as one of the top selling products right here. So assuming a 2% conversion rate, they're doing about $424,000 a month in revenue. assuming a 2% conversion rate and also assuming this is their AOV, which reality is not. It's probably going to be a lot higher than this. So, it's definitely gonna be a lot more in terms of revenue. Now, we're going to sort this by ad rank real quick so we can see the full scope of the picture. Oh, it looks like we have a VSSL for one of the top ads. So, let's take a look at that. >> Okay, I'm really over this. I am so over this. This is how much you have poop just in your body and not moving and stuff like that. I'm I'm tired of this. I This is a great example right here of everyone just consistently using the same mechanism over and over and over. And I do believe there's a great opportunity here to be the person that calls [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on this and position a new mechanism in that same ad. Um that's going to be a lot more believable because I think people are also starting to realize that's fake. Okay. Extreme claim. You got all this poop stuck in your body. Here's the symptoms to like articulate the fact that you have that bloating, sluggishness, and lack of focus. Besides bloating, I feel like everyone is sluggish at sometimes and and lack of focus at some times. So, it's going to immediately make be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like probably have this creating the problem for people." Now, extreme claim. Now, we're creating this problem for people. Problem food. Your digestion slows down. Food getting stuck up inside of you. Now that you're you're aware of the problem, now how do you fix it? Introducing the product. Now, highlighting all the key things in it to increase perceived value. Also want to highlight the music. I'm not sure if you guys hear this in the final YouTube video, but the music kind of starts dark and gloomy and then upbeat once the product was entered. A lot of big names right here of um you know, mushrooms and stuff like that. Very good at painting the desired picture for the rest of the ad. Notice how they're not just saying like, "Hey, you get more energy." It's highlighting all the major benefits you get and highlighting that full picture where people can get that full like scope of of what it does. So, and it looks like they're sending these people to just a product page right here. Looks like we're going to run out of time to finish this though. So, if you guys want me to dive deeper into uh Space Goods for next episode, drop a comment below. Love to keep diving into it. Thank you all for watching. Hope you guys have a great rest of your day. New episodes of Expert Reacts every Fridays. Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank y'all. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tropicxyt [9 likes]: pretty sure your editor was supposed to let us watch the ads with you, but he cut it to only when you were talking so we couldn't see the ads, just heard your thoughts on it with only a paused context lol
  2. @akilmansuri2382 [1 likes]: Valuable video! 
@Nick Theriot
  3. @Yuki-nj2df [1 likes]: Nice! Thanks bro
  4. @kemalll-s1i [1 likes]: G
  5. @kayodeajayi1 [1 likes]: Do you create separate adsets for images and videos or just keep them together?
  6. @mohammadbilal3123 [1 likes]: Nick, I run ads for local home services like plumber electrician etc... The problem I'm facing is that local technicians, plumbers, electrians comes to my ad and fill the lead form, so it's damaging my leads. How can I stop them (they don't have something related to their job on their profile, they do through their personal profile), please guide me on this...
  7. @JasdeepSingh-d3y [1 likes]: this video was all about trendtrack
  8. @AmazonPPCManagerFreeAudit [1 likes]: Let's go
  9. @tbastien50: Yes dive deeper on spacegoods and Olavita!

- Alex Hormozi's Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Alex Hormozi runs a portfolio of companies that drives over $200 million per year. And whether you agree with everything the guy says or not, his Facebook ad strategy is something that should be studied. Because the principles that he teaches and executes behind the scenes are the same ones that you should be applying to your Facebook ad strategy in 2026. The strategies that I'm going to break down in this video are the same strategies that we're applying for the over 100 brands that we work with right now at The Moonlight Ers. And while Alex Hormozi has thousands of videos, nearly impossible to watch them all, over the last month me and my team have deduced down these principles to three core strategies that you can follow. >> If you have a chick in the ad, you'll get more chicks. If you've got a black dude in the ads, you'll get more black dudes. If you got old guy, you'll get more old guys. If you talk about Christian stuff with a cross behind, you'll get more Christian people. So, just make sure that your message matches the prospect that you're trying to reach. Who you actually talk about in your ad has a direct relationship to who the ad is shown to. You don't need to focus on targeting as much as you used to. You need to focus on the content that you create to target the avatar for you. >> And so, it really should be more than ever value per second, and then with an extra slice of avatar. And what Andromeda did was amazing and terrible at the same time. So, it was amazing for consumers, it was amazing for advertisers, but it's a double-edged sword. And so, what Andromeda basically did was, how can we make the news feed as valuable as possible, which is always what Meta's going to try and optimize for, right? You'll notice that more and more ads are niche specific in general, right? And so, it's like it's sub-segmented down. So, if you have a plumber who's, you know, wearing his plumber stuff, doing plumber things, and you're talking about plumbing stuff, it's going to get shown to plumbers, right? Now, the upside is, because the targeting gotten so much better, your cost per result is going down. So, effectively what Alex is talking about is right on my screen here. Facebook ads used to work in a way where you would have your audience and then create a bunch of ads for that audience, even targeting that audience specifically through interest-based targeting. It then shifted to a concept/avatar focused algorithm. The concept itself matches to the audience. Another way to think about this is you have an avatar and a template or an angle that actually creates the concept that matches to the audience. So, when you call out the specific avatar, it targets the audience directly. Put into actual practice, you might have an example like this where you have two different marketing angles from the same brand targeting completely different avatars. One that's for better poop, better digestion, and the other one that is for keeping your hair thick and full. Totally separate problems solution from the same exact product. And so, I'm a part of Alex Hormozi's private group for $1 million plus business owners. And I posted my full take on Andromeda. And before I break this down, which I will in a second, note that the man himself replied and gave me the stamp of approval. So, just like Hormozi mentioned, Andromeda is the for you algorithm. The algo curates content to specific people, which are avatars. Those avatars are specific people that your ad is for. Every avatar has a problem and your product is the solution. So, your job to beat this algorithm is to define your problems, define your mechanism, which is why your product works, and then build concepts which are avatars and templates put together, and then eventually create iterations on the best performing ads. Here's what Hormozi has to say about iterations. >> Who's running ads to their stuff? Can I get a hands real quick? Okay, so about half of you. You obviously you probably already seen this. You need to make way more ads than you did before and you have to do way more segmented in your audiences in terms of your call outs and your messaging than you did before. So, if you have instead of making one ad for plumbers, make 10 ads with slightly different slices of plumbing. Like you want to get as niche as you possibly can cuz your cost per result is going to go down, which is a good thing, but you're going to have to burn through more of it, but that's the nature of the game now. So, precisely what Hormozi is saying is you find an angle, you find an avatar, and then you go deep on that avatar. So, you go horizontal first, and then you go very deep on that one thing that really works. These are called iterations, and we can see that right here through Groom's. Just in the example I gave you before, when we look at healthy hair, right? This is an ad angle targeting a very specific avatar, and then we have a bunch of different iterations. So, for example, we have male and female, similar assets. Then we just have a bunch of different angles showing more and more proof, and if you go into the Groom's ad library, you'll see thousands, literally thousands of ads targeting these specific angles. And the way that advertising is moving in general, it's going to be about hyper-personalization. So, with AI, you can create way more permutations much faster, and so I think we're going to have personalization at scale, and that's 2026. So, let's break this down another way and why this is important. I'm going to show you some numbers here as well, because this is going to tie a lot together. Basically, when you have different concepts, those match to audiences. We can call these concepts, we can call these avatars, we can call these angles, it's all relatively the same thing for the sake of this conversation. And let's say one of your ads that you created was from Nike, and it was a pair of shoes. If you figure out that this ad in particular works very well, your job is then to create a bunch of different iterations of this ad. It doesn't mean you just take the same shoe and you slap a different headline on top of it, but it does mean that this angle, maybe the shoe, maybe the style, maybe the tone, something works about it, you need to go deeper on it. The second thing that we need to understand is that when we actually look at the ad accounts performance, things are going to differ based on different avatars. For example, some angles {slash} avatars are going to be more scalable than others. Now, old school Facebook would favor the highest return on ad spend, but then your results would fall off a cliff. So, what winds up happening in new school Andromeda era Facebook is that each angle drives different performance. So, let's just say number one up here can spend $100 a day at a 5x return on ad spend. This angle as a whole could spend 100 bucks at a 5x. Number two could spend $1,000, and it could do so at a 4x. Number three could spend 10k a day, but it can only do so at a two. And the number three and the bottom one down here could spend $500 a day, and it could do so at a 3.5. Now, your gut is naturally going to be to say, I want to spend all my money on the $100 at a 5x. Of course, like we want that. We do want higher returns generally speaking. But what is actually relevant for the business today is to understand that each of these are exclusive from one another. So this angle here are not interfering with this angle here or this angle here. These are separate because everything is broken by avatar. So instead, as long as the angle or the avatar or the concept as a whole, as a collective, are driving above your return efficiency metric that you need. Like if it's ROAS, you need a 2x ROAS or higher. As long as it's driving above that efficiency metric, then you keep it active, you keep it running. So we could stack angles, we could stack avatars. That's exactly what Groom's does. You could look at any major retailers ad account right now, is exactly what they're doing. Now, you've probably realized you need to create a lot of creative in order to scale, find different avatars, and ultimately keep your efficiencies relatively stable. You could keep your account stable, meaning not spend with a low amount of ads, but if you really want to scale, you need more creative. So here's one of the ways Alex Hormozi is actually taking his organic content and turning it into ads. >> We pump out 450 pieces or whatever it is of content per week. And you know what's really cool, is the algorithm will just tell you which of these are the best and most interesting. And so then what we do is we take those things and then just run them as ads. Take the ad or take the content and then just just literally put an overlay. Just put a banner that says like click to grab a thing like it people get it. If the thing was good, they're like, that was good. I'll take the action that the bad platform, you know, allows me to take right now. So this is a typical creative flywheel. This is what we implement for most of the brands that we work with. And this is what Alex Hormozi recommends to do. He He recommends to short line the creative process instead of looking at your winning ads and your competitors winning ads to create new ads. You also, in addition, take your organic winners and just drop them right into your ad account, wait, analyze, and then cook up more winners. So, the whole process now changes a little bit. You go from looking at your competitors, looking at your winning ads, creating ads from those, waiting, analyzing, and then having the cycle repeat, repeat, repeat to inserting organic winners in the process as well. And the cool part about organic winners is that they're already semi-proven. Now, don't forget to get a little advance on stuff like this. Use minimums and maximums to make sure that every ad gets adequate testing spend. And don't allow organic viral content to take up too much of your ad account spend that's not actually driving the return that you need. By the way, if you're finding this valuable, let me know in the comments below which of these strategies you're going to implement first. I read all the comments and I'll try to reply with some strategic advice as well. Okay, now you've got the framework. You understand the core principles that Alex Hormozi is following to actually build out his businesses for his massive portfolio company. But knowing the philosophies is just a fraction of the battle. Now, you need to implement these strategies. So, if you want to see the full robust setup that we use here at The Moon Lighters that we call the M4 method for actually setting up your campaign structure, going through creative strategy, and everything in between, click on this video right here to go through everything A to Z. That is all for today's video. As always, let me know if you got value out of this and I will see you very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [2 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l166
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l166
  2. @DanieleScalzo [2 likes]: A lot of value in this video, thank you for sharing and taking the time to record this video.
  3. @faithmeurer7207 [2 likes]: What I don’t get is the targeting part. I used to run one campaign, different ad sets for different customer groups. 
But what do I do now? 
Do I make different ad set for each avatar? Or do I put everything out on one ad set? 
Because I saw some videos about how 1 ad set works better now on Andromeda
  4. @PeterViet [1 likes]: Thank you for this video. Next month, I’m going to start a new YouTube channel about Vietnamese tea, where I’ll post one short video a day of me travelling across Vietnam and discovering Vietnamese tea.
I’m planning to run Meta ads only on the short videos that go viral, with an additional call-to-action button directing viewers to my ecommerce tea store. I don’t have any experience with Meta ads, so hopefully it works out...
  5. @Blu-Vibe [1 likes]: In the campaigne Every angle must go in a separate ad set? thank you
  6. @LumeUrns: Hey Sam, just checking. Because different niches are practically different personas, do you use different custom events for each of them? I'm asking I imagine it's a lot of data dilution to go after different niches, worth different amounts and just record them under one universal sale/purchase event.
  7. @maxkennan618: Love this man! I'm going to get fable to turn this into an agent system to scale volume
  8. @riza75: Do you create a new Ad sets for these angles??
  9. @Giginails81: The big thing I found about the ads from organic content is that, it sometimes generates more leads than conversions. A mix of all of these seems helpful for the ads manager. Some ads are main engines and others are supporting the engine to run the car. I have some decent success with it, although not 100% where i want to. So, does this mean this is changing? I really enjoyed the niching aspect of it and going deep rather than just wide. Thanks for this.
  10. @PriyanshuPandey-i4r: Crazy
  11. @aaroncinefx: Thank you! This is amazing, it’s great to hear that the avatar/ ICP is still crucial for ads as it is for organic. I love to have a clear foundation before running any campaign or handling it to AI. 🤖
  12. @tradhunters: Please Can you Answer This 1 Question I have?

Do each avatar get their own adset and do all the adsets go into a single cbo to start?

Bonus question if your open to it:

Is scaling a winning ad or ads mean creating a new campaign with a higher budget with them?

Thank you in advance for all your help
  13. @Faris-Sheikh: How many ad creatives do you suggest putting into a brand new campaign for a beginner Meta account for $50-100 ad set spend a day? 

I noticed Meta dumps most money into just 1 creative after 1 day which makes me feel like all the other creatives never got a fighting chance. This is well before you get enough results (leads). We’re getting like 10 landing page views a day from $50 spend. Seeking leads who can afford our $3-6k a month packages.
  14. @ozzyokay: We are a small Cafe working with an agency in our Facebook ads for Targeting 2 avatars.

1) Ladies who want to get together with friends
2) Moms who want to throw birthday parties.

Our agency insisted that we ran the ads longer so the algorithm "learns" the prospects

First guys started answering our ads are Asians said those must be registered themselves as female after that ladies started responding but they were responding at 3am at night.

After 2 weeks of running the ads finally proper ladies started responding to our ads and we engaged with them. They were clicking on can we schedule an appointment and when we respond none of them got back to us starting from old beginning none of them responded back to us.

Over 200 cliks, 50+ engagements but no response.

What could be going wrong here?

All our ads are static posters by the way. No Reels or our organic posts.

Thank you for your help in advanced🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
  15. @davidparrottino4800: Hormozi's offer-first thinking still beats targeting tricks, but most ecommerce brands underestimate how many creative iterations it takes to actually find the winner at scale.
  16. @CzarinaShairaLao: This video has a lot of good stuff, thanks! One question - does that mean it is recommended that for a video ad (for example), to only show one specific problem of that avatar and not combine all problems/ use cases in one video?
  17. @kaidynlewis8420: Idk if I'm misunderstanding a bit but does this mean I should make an ad for each sub area that I'm targeting too instead of a broad city or something
  18. @CoachAldiero: Great video🔥 thank you
  19. @yahiamoukrim2925: thank you for the content
  20. @khushbinderdhiman: kindly explain concepts like 
Meta business suite ,business portfolio ,ad account and ad manager.
How they work,inter relate .

- The Best Hooks for Meta Ads 2026: Kind: captions Language: en the first 3 seconds of your ad is going to determine whether you're going to make money or burn it and after analyzing millions of dollars in ad spend this year I found the hooks that are dominating right now some of these are brand new while some of these have evolved and one of them I've seen dominate across nearly every single product in Industry that I've tested it out on so far so it's a very easy win now for every video creative that I test I actually test out four unique hook variations because even though the best ad won't work if you can't stop the scroll and we can't place all of our hope in just one hook so let's break down the top hook styles that are winning so far in 2025 plus how to use them in our own ads and be sure to let me know your brand or product in the comments and I will personally suggest a hook for you to test out all I ask is that you like and subscribe the first hook trend is what I like to call the go against the tradition hooks these hooks call out a status quo or a commonly held belief and then immediately challenge it they work because they disrupt expectations and challenge people on what they think they thought they knew this creates instant Intrigue and curiosity now how to use them I've actually found the best way to use them is to make sure you call out the tradition directly in the hook this is perfect for product education ads where you need to encourage someone to try something new it also works really well with before and after visuals to help show that transformation and then hook number two conversational hooks no because because these don't even feel like Hooks and that's exactly why they work they come across as hyper authentic and to be honest I've seen them work across both paid and organic content across multiple Industries some of the ways that you can use this Hook is actually how I started off by sharing this hook with you guys by using the phrase no because or okay these or wait why is this XYZ I actually first tested this out on my own personal content as a suggestion from Julia Bloom and it was one of my top performing andic posts from last year no because the creatives that people love to share online do not actually work these TRS work because they make users feel like they're jumping into a conversation that's already happening which forces them to pause and play catchup which is a natural hack at gaining people's attention now these are super easy to test you can simply tweak the beginning of any video and it really works with any type of Creator content from B2B to Beauty to apparel if you have a few Creator briefs that you're working on right now this is a very easy one to add in but a common question that I often get asked is hey what if I don't have Creator content or I want to literally try out this strategy right now this is where story blocks comes in one of my favorite ways to replicate the feel of ugc without relying on creators is by combining highquality story blocks footage with Native text overlays in a conversational tone for example you could use a quick clip of someone scrolling on their phone with one of these messaging strategies or you could pair a high energy reaction shot with okay these are insane as the opening line with millions of stock Clips templates and image assets story blocks makes it insanely easy to create scroll stopping performance ad creative even if you don't necessarily have Creator content on hand the best part is is you're going to have full usage rights for all content making it 100% legal to use even for ads it's literally instant content you don't have to learn a new AI solution or wait for a Creator to shoot the content or God forbid schedule a video shoot to get unlimited downloads for One Flat Rate Check out storyblocks at story blocks.com darad Denny or click the link in the description and now hook number three viral product hooks so when I was conducting research for this video and analyzing the ad creative from the brands that I work with one thing was very clear that ads that still tap into virality are still absolutely crushing it in 2025 even though I feel like it's a little bit boring to talk about this is honestly one of the few hooks that I've seen work for years without necessarily losing steam or fatiguing and that's because people love what's already popular it creates social proof and proves to people that they're making right investment simple proof in numbers y'all but I have noticed a few angles that consistently work number one product reviews this is going to leverage curiosity and social proof and number two founder stories which really builds credibility and more of that emotional connection these type of ads are perfect for beauty Wellness fashion skincare anything where virality really helps Drive demand it also works really great with ugc reaction clips and before and after Transformations a really easy way way to test this is just to Simply add this text overlay over your top performing app and if your product hasn't gone viral yet try framing this idea around a viral movement instead something like this and number four reaction hooks very similar to conversational hooks reaction hooks work really well because they really hinge on that authentic reaction that authenticity notice the trend they make ads feel real unscripted and unprompted which is exactly why why they drive strong performance so here's an easy win for your next creative brief simply brief in the opportunity for your creator to give those natural reactions while testing out your product and it's interesting over the last few years I've seen this really common during Black Friday Cyber Monday during when times of gifting are really popular but this year I've really seen these reaction-based ads dominate in Beauty and Industry and it's something that I'm trying out across all the brands that I'm working with and my expert tip here is to combine this with any of the other hooks that I'm going to show in this video it makes for an even stronger ad and hook number five controversy ads the power of polarization so leaning into negative marketing has been a top performing strategy on meta for the last few years hooks like these now I'm not going to lie these are still working pretty well in 2025 but I've seen that leaning into more controversial hooks are even more powerful so instead of highlighting a flaw or turning the positive to a negative these ads actually try to introduce debate and draw skepticism which forces viewers to kind of see what the fuss is all about so yes I would actually say these hooks are super similar to the breaking the tradition type of AD creative and I will say going against the grain is in the fabric of American society which is why I think these ads work so well here some examples of controversial hooks I actually got targeted this one from my old client and immediately when I saw big pH stand out I immediately stopped the scroll and was like I'm tuning in ultimately these type of hooks create instant Intrigue because they're identifying a common enemy a hot take or just another controversy and the best part is is whether or not people agree or disagree with your statement you're very likely to get a lot more engagement by using these ads people are going to share people are going to debate which is going to further push the algorithm to put out your ad my two big tips here is these are great for products that are challenging some type of norm and also definitely test out using the actual word controversy I have found that that really does Drive quite a bit of performance and if you want me to help pick the best hook for your product or brand be sure to let me know in the comments below and I will reply with my top pick for you personally and hook number six trigger hooks words that stop the scroll some words immediately trigger an emotional or psychological response causing people to stop react and engage with your ad and these words aren't just catchy or superflous they really do tap into deeply rooted human emotions like desire embarrassment loathing and anxiety I've analyzed thousands of ad creatives this year alone and I've noticed again and again that a lot of the top performers are ones that just have words that have that extra special um here's actually a list of some of my favorite trigger words to use in ad creative there are trigger words that Drive curiosity and Intrigue fear and anxiety shock and controversy desire emotion and anger and resentment and of course we got a few of these in action right here now here's an easy way that you can test this right now before launching any AD creative I actually upload my top performing hooks into chat GPT and ask it to enhance them with emotional trigger words this is a really simple step but has actually increased the performance on a lot of my ad creatives recently definitely try it and hook number seven demographic hooks this is honestly the top performing hooks so far in 2025 now I talked about demographic hooks in last year's video but here's the thing it is still driving the best performance today in 2025 and I'm not really surprised about it here's two reasons why number one they help meta accurately Target your creative so these days meta doesn't really rely on interest targeting or lookalike targeting to drive results I haven't really seen great performance coming out of those audiences lately it's really coming more out of Advantage Plus audiences or just broad open targeting but what meta does use to help Target your customers is by looking at the actual meta data inside of your ad creative so things like your imagery and your messaging which yes does include your text overlay so when you call out a specific demographic in your hook meta takes that as a strong targeting signal and helps deliver your ads to those right people and number two another reason why this works is this type of AD creative is inherent more top of funnel so instead of targeting by problem or even product you're actually targeting more by identity this tends to increase scalability because you're talking to a lot bigger audience without actually needing them to be already problem aware so my big tip here is to think about how your users categorize thems this can be by age by job title lifestyle affiliation and even potentially health conditions if you aren't testing out demographic hooks in 2025 you are probably leaving a lot of money on the table hook number the multiple hook hook now this is a trend that I've seen more and more this year I think it's one of the easiest ways to improve ad creative performance without actually making net new ads and simply instead of just relying on one hook this method actually Stacks two to three hooks to create a sort of hook reel at the beginning of your ad I've seen this prevent drop off in the first few seconds by really keeping that engagement high and it can also appeal to multiple psychological triggers at once like identity controversy demographic targeting you can literally just combine everything that we're talking in this video and it is very easy to test just edit existing High performers by adding an extra hook at the start some winning combinations that I've seen work really well include demographic plus controversy hooks demographic plus anti-traditional product Hooks and hook number nine the how do I know if hook your users already have these questions in mind the second they discover your product or service and how do I know if it's right for me this look directly Taps into that uncertainty which is why it's so effective it mirrors the exact same thoughts that your customers are having in real time making the ad feel instantly relevant and to be honest it feels more like a genuine conversation than a traditional ad and it automatically frames the ad from the viewer's perspective instead of the Brand's perspective and this one's very easy all that you have to do is start your hook with how do I know if insert common consumer objection if you want an ad that instantly resonates with your audience or if you're trying to make your ad creative feel more genuine and authentic this is absolutely the ad creative to test next and hook number 10 the speed and transformation hook which shows fast results and visible change the way that I know that a brand is going to crush it on meta ads is if they can number one provide what appears to be an easy solution to someone's problem that promises really quick change think about it this is why Beauty and cosmetics do so well on meta ads because the reality is people don't just want results they want fast invisible proof that their product is actually going to deliver on the promise that's why combining speed with a before and after transformation makes this hook one of the strongest I've seen so far in 2025 it Taps into instant gratification and combining it with before and after visuals show that the product actually works the best way to use this is to use time based phrases which creates urgency and drives Intrigue ultimately speed gets attention and transformation builds trust use both and you got a winning hook all right I just gave you the top 10 best performing hooks so far in 2025 and now I want to hear from you let me know which ones you're most excited to test out in the comments below and if you haven't already hit like And subscribe so you won't miss my next ad creative breakdown love you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [18 likes]: Hey everyone! There has been such a great response for hooks, I'm so honored :) 

If you are subscribed to the channel (I can see a little button on my side!), I will be sure to respond to you with the hooks within a day or so. Love you guys!!
  2. @starfox300 [2 likes]: How can you write "women over 40, listen up" when it violates Facebook's personal attributes rules?
  3. @KillerBee25062: Wow you're teaching about hooks and immediately your hook is like Dr Squatch's like wait what you're burning money😂😂
Imma add that to my swipe file💯
  4. @samfouzir983: The name of our company is slickyblocks.. We are an AI website builder that includes SEO, ecommerce, marketing tools... we are small and competing against big players like shopify and wix.. Its hard to get a good hook in my industry. what do you recommend.. Great channel FYI
  5. @karenabbott9908: Great video!  thank you! - paid ads car insurance
  6. @Mrumer-si3fn: i have party accessories niche. what's the best hook for me?
  7. @jeffmccreary-d4j: Essential Oil Lotion for pain
  8. @thrivebestnaturally: Thank you so helpful. I'm not sure which to apply first they all have their benefits.
  9. @BLINDTRAVELLER_12: I love you so so much... ❤
  10. @withdreamkeeper: Good for skincare brands?
  11. @ClariceMiss: What hook do you suggest for an RnB singer?! :) ( I know this one is a tough one...)
  12. @bgdtpsychiatry: Hi! Thank you for this video. We offer Ketamine therapy, GLP-1 treatment, and Gene Testing.
  13. @VictoriaHostSecrets: Love your content!  I am starting a sauna and pergola building company for residential home owners wondering what would be the best hook!!??😊
  14. @iannicholson651: Mortgage Broker
  15. @FotisVasilis: Hi! I’m running a digital project! It’s a faceless brand that sells premium playbooks, templates, and guides to help freelancers, solopreneurs, and creators grow online without showing their face. can you please give me some hook ideas? thank you so much!
  16. @FotisVasilis: Hi! I’m running a digital project! It’s a faceless brand that sells premium playbooks, templates, and guides to help freelancers, solopreneurs, and creators grow online without showing their face. can you please give me some hook ideas? thank you so much!
  17. @SamuelOgunjimi: I own an insurance agency. We offer whole life insurance plan
  18. @DigitalSurge-vs: suggest hook for algo trading masterclass.
Really loved your video
  19. @davidsantamaria2380: We offer private tennis sessions in Miami. Can you recommend a hook for us?
  20. @HAMZABROUD: Real estate

- The ONLY Meta Ads Targeting Tutorial You Need in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're still targeting meta ads the same way you did in 2020, 2023, or even just a few months ago in 2025, you're probably making campaigns harder to scale than they need to be. Because in 2026, the businesses getting the best results are going about targeting in a completely new way. They're not using the detailed targeting section in ads manager to hone in on their target market. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the only meta ads targeting approach most small business owners need right now, including what to control, what to stop overthinking, how to use custom audiences, and whether look-alike audiences still matter. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. If you're curious as to what it would be like to have us handle all of your social media and advertising for you, click the link below to schedule a free strategy call, and you'll get a custom proposal and quote. Otherwise, let's get into it with the biggest mistakes small business owners are making with meta targeting right now. They're trying to control too much. They narrow the audience too hard. They split out too many ad sets. They over build the account, and then wonder why the results are inconsistent. And I get it. You're thinking, "Hey, if I know my buyer persona, why wouldn't I try to pinpoint them with all these interests and behaviors to tell Facebook exactly who to show my ad to?" But here's the truth. Meta is better at finding buyers on its own than it used to be. It actually studies your ad creative, the copy, the image or video, the destination URL, and so then using its advanced AI finds people that are most likely to respond to it based on those things. But only if you stop choking the system with unnecessary restrictions in the targeting. And if you're thinking, "Okay, so you're saying you don't want me to enter anything in here?" In general, that's correct. But there are a couple exceptions, or what we call hard controls. So, what should be a hard control? Or in other words, the only targeting details you should enter in. There are really only a few things most businesses should use as hard controls. The first is location. Only target places you can actually serve. So, if you're local, enter in the local mile radius you serve. If you serve nationwide, target nationwide. If you only ship to certain countries, only include those countries. You get it. The second is age restrictions. Only enter an age range when there's a real reason to. For example, if your service legally or practically should not be shown to people below a certain age, then you can enter an age range there. But if there's no true restriction, leave it alone. And the last one is gender. Same general principle here. This matters when gender affects whether someone can actually buy from you or be served by your business. If it doesn't, then leave it on all. Outside of those three limits, you can leave the rest untouched. In the past, you may have been used to entering in all of these interests and behaviors here, but not anymore. Because the more unnecessary controls you add, the more you reduce meta's room to work, and that makes it harder to grow, not easier. We call targeting like this broad targeting, because the audience is usually pretty broad and it's considered your prospecting campaign. It's targeting cold, new people who've never heard of your brand before. Now that you've got that squared away, there are a couple other audiences you still need to know how to set up and use. So, let's talk about custom audiences for small businesses in 2026. A custom audience is something you set up here in the audiences tab in ads manager, and you can create one based off of your sources or meta sources, depending on what you're trying to do. You can see all the options for custom audiences here. So, custom audiences are built for three main reasons. The first is to target these people directly. This is called retargeting. On average, people need to see a brand seven times before they convert, and you can't get in front of people seven times if you're only targeting new people in a broad campaign all the time. So, you can create a custom audience of website visitors or Facebook engagement or what have you, and exclusively target that audience. The second reason is to exclude this audience. Once you've made the audiences, you'll want to go back to your broad targeting campaign and exclude these people from it so that it acts as a customer acquisition campaign, solely bringing new people into your funnel. You don't want to get to a point where you're solely just retargeting everybody already in your funnel without any new people coming in. Excluding a custom audience from your broad prospecting campaign prevents that from happening. And the third reason is it's all data. And the more data meta has on your audience, the faster it gets at finding new people who are similar. Custom audiences are one of the clearest signals you can give meta about who matters to your business. So, let's take a look at the four types that are usually the best to build at least to start with. Number one are website visitors. These are people who have been on your website within a certain amount of time and are therefore considered a warm audience because they already know your brand and are showing interest. Number two are email lists. Now, this can and should be built out into a few separate audiences. So, like you could have a list of subscribed but haven't purchased yet, or a leads list of emails, and a customer list of emails. Because they're all at different points in the buying cycle, they should be receiving different ads from you. And that's why I would recommend creating a custom audience for each of them instead of lumping them all into one big custom audience. But they all fall under the category of email list for the sake of this video. Number three, video viewers. This is going to be created from meta sources, and it's people who have consumed your content for a certain amount of seconds. And number four, social engagement audiences. People who have engaged with your Instagram or Facebook content in general, like likes, comments, shares, etc. Now, when it comes to using these custom audiences in your targeting, a lot of business owners still build tiny audiences because they think smaller means better. But that is the opposite way of how you should do it now. For example, instead of only retargeting the last 7 days of website traffic, it's often smarter to retarget a larger audience, like all website visitors over a longer window. Why? Because meta already knows the person who visited two days ago is probably hotter than the person who visited five months ago. You do not need to manually force that. Meta can prioritize the hotter prospect first. But if you build the audience too small, you remove other options that still could convert. That's why broader, stronger data pools tend to work better. Not because every person is equally valuable, but because meta is better at sorting through that value than most manual setups. Now, the last audience I want to talk to you about is one that some of you may already be pretty familiar with, and that's a look-alike audience. If you're not familiar, a look-alike audience is an audience of new people that meta finds that look like the source audience of your choosing. So, you could find and target new people who look like your video views, your blog subscribers, or most importantly, your customer base. But the real question is, given all the changes to meta in recent months, do look-alikes still matter in 2026? The answer is yes, but a lot less than they used to. Look-alikes were a much bigger deal when meta needed more help figuring out who to target. But now, meta builds similar audience patterns in the background automatically. So, if you're feeding the platform good data through custom audiences, conversions, and engagement, it's already doing a lot of that work for you without you needing to go manually create a look-alike audience. That said, look-alikes can still help in certain cases, especially if you want to push meta harder towards a specific type of lead or customer, or you feel the algorithm is finding the wrong kind of prospect or what have you. So, they definitely still have use cases. They're just no longer the first lever most businesses should obsess over anymore. For most small business owners, custom audiences and clean campaign structure matter more. So, with that, I want to wrap up with why simpler account structures perform better for small businesses. This is the part most people need to hear. You probably do not need more campaigns. You probably probably do need a simpler account structure. Heavily segmented structures used to be more common. You'd run multiple campaigns at the same time and have a different ad set for each audience built off of detailed targeting options. But doing it that way now often just spreads your budget too thin. And when your budget gets split across too many audiences, meta gets less data in each pocket. That slows down meta's learning, and that slows optimization, making scaling harder. So, instead, you want to have one campaign, and within it one broader targeting ad set for prospecting, like we talked about, and one retargeting ad set using custom audiences, like we talked about. Setting your account up this way means less complexity, less maintenance, and faster learning from the budget you already have. So, just to recap everything quickly, use hard controls only for real limits. Use audience suggestions to guide meta. Build strong custom audiences from your actual business data. Use look-alikes when needed, but don't lean on them like it's 2020. And keep your structure simple enough that meta can actually learn. Because in 2026, the businesses getting results with meta ads are not usually the ones doing the most targeting. They're the ones giving meta the clearest signals. And if you do that well, you give your business a much better shot at generating more leads, more customers, and more predictable growth from the same ad spend.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta [1 likes]: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=metaadstargetingtutorial&utm_campaign=apr142026
  2. @mohammedahmedrazasufi [1 likes]: Do u think broad targetting works even if the ads budget is low?
  3. @anthonydiblasi3062: Do you think this broader targeting also works for shorter campaigns that run for only 2 or 3 weeks?
  4. @carloscortes1577: I usually don't leave comments of videos, but this was pretty good. Straight to the point. Thank you.
  5. @drocoar: Great video! I have a question. In the video sources, there are many options. Some have high volume but low quality, like those for people who watched at least 3 seconds of the video. Others have lower volume but higher quality, like Thruplays or 100% video playback. Which one do you recommend?

- How to Optimize Your Meta Ads (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about optimizing meta ads. So, in today's video, I'm going to discuss [music] my entire thought process behind optimizing ads, both at the ad level and at the ad set level. I'm going to give you a full framework on how to think about optimizing your ads so that you can reliably improve your results. [music] I'm going to answer questions like, when do I optimize ads? What does optimizing ads even really [music] mean? Should we be optimizing at the ad level or the ad set level? How frequently should we be touching our ads? So, we're going to cover all that and more. So, without further ado, let's get into it. All right, you guys. So, before we jump into the ads manager, let's just get a shared understanding of what I mean when I say optimizing. So, optimizing simply means diverting spend away from things that are giving you bad results and towards things that are giving you good results. Okay? So that means turning off adsets or ads that are giving you bad results in terms of your rorowaz or your or your CPA or cost per lead if you're doing lead genen. U we're trying to turn those things off so that we can improve our average results. Okay. So and that brings me to another really important point which is average results. We don't make these decisions based on one day worth of data or even three days worth of data. We always look at average time periods like seven days. I usually make my decisions off of 7-day averages. Um, however, I do look at the full time period as well. I'll look at the maximum time period. I will look at 30 days to kind of see like what's the overall story. 14 days, which is like more recent results. 7 days, which for me is like the best kind of like average results time period to base decisions off of. I'll look at three days, last three days to see like where is this thing heading, what's the trajectory and then I'll look at yesterday to see how it performed most recently and then today to see how is it performing right now and that gives me the full story. I will look at the full story before I make that decision. But ultimately I'm making it on that 7-day average. Okay. But it's not only about uh average time frames, but it's also important looking at the average results in context of your other ads if you're optimizing at the ad level, your other ad sets if you're optimizing within a campaign, and within the average results of your entire ad account. Okay? So, there's three layers of average results that you have to look at to make your decisions. You can't make these decisions in isolation. Okay? And I'll show you what I mean here in a second. One last point I want to make before we get into the ads manager is um this thing that I hear online which is the algorithm is always right. You know I guys I run ads for a lot of different businesses. I have for years and I can tell you for certain that the algorithm is not always right. It will skew spend to things that are giving you terrible results. And um maybe it's in the best interest of Meta. Maybe Meta is looking out for itself but it doesn't always have your best interest in mind. Remember, Meta, all they care about is giving a good user experience on the platform and draining the money from advertisers. Okay? So, um you have to look out for yourself. Follow the data, follow what works, and don't just like leave things running that are doing terribly because you think at some point they're magically going to do better. It's just not how it works. the the if the algorithm was always right, uh you know, my job wouldn't exist, I would be broke, uh everybody would be rich, you know, everybody would be running their own ads. That's not the case, right? You need people that are experts at, you know, picking up on these patterns and diverting spend just like a like a financial advisor or somebody that is uh an investor, right? you are trying to funnel money towards good investments and away from bad investments. And that's what we're doing here. Okay, cool. So, let's jump into the ads manager. I'm going to just give you a full rundown of how I think about everything. And I think you're going to get a lot from this. So, check it out. All right, so here we are in the ads manager. I'm going to look at the last seven days. So, I basically have two campaigns in my ad account. Uh the top spending one is basically just an testing campaign where I'm testing various angles. And then the second one is just purely retargeting. Middle middle middle of funnel retargeting. Cool. So, first, what am I going to look at? I'm going to look at the last seven days to just check my my results. For me, I have a subscription-based business. This is for my group, right? Uh I would say a $200 CPA is good. Okay. $300 is not very good. It's actually pretty bad. Anything above 300 is not acceptable. Anything below 200 I would consider really really good. So at the current moment I have really great results. Um but there's always room for improvement and I could potentially optimize my way to some even better results. Okay? And in my case I judge things based off of CPA, but in your case you could be basing it off of cost per lead, for example, which is similar to CPA. or uh you may be basing it off of rorowaz which is fine. In my case my rorowaz for the last 7 days is 1.14 on a subscription basis. So my LTV to CAC ratio is is extremely good in this case. But that's not the point. My point is I'm looking at the average results across my entire ad account right now. Okay. So now if I was looking for hey where can I optimize? Where can I make this better? Well, I would I would look at the two campaigns that I have. For me, the retargeting is at 1 point uh 116 CPA, 1.71 rorowaz, which is like really really good. So, I wouldn't look there. I would look at the other one. I would say, okay, this one is spending the most and it has 194 cost per purchase. Can we bring that down potentially? Well, since we're working in an I would go into the adsets and take a look at what we have. So, we can see I have basically three adsets live right now. This top spender is at a 190 CPA, which is it's a little high. The second one is at 168 CPA, which for me is good. And then the other one is at 141 CPA, which is very good. Okay. And I had one on here that was at 276. So you can see this one was driving my average CPA up. So I think it was yesterday I actually closed this one because it was not acceptable. It was it was making my average results of this campaign, this testing campaign. It was making the average go up, which is what I don't want. So logically, I turned this one off, right? And that's going to help bring down my average results over a 7-day period, right? Okay, that's the way that I think about this. Okay, so let's say hypothetically I wasn't happy with this top one. What could I do? Well, I could go inside of the ad level and see is there room for optimization? Can I turn something off that's potentially giving me bad results? So, what I like to do is I sort by amount spent and I will see what are my CPH here or what are my rowazes. All right. So in this case, top spender has the highest CPA. Very common. Okay. Second one has very good CPA. Third one has very good CPA. Fourth one very good CPA. The bottom three are essentially untested. Okay. That's that's the last 7-day period. This started this campaign. Sorry, this adset started on the fourth. So let me look at the full context of this uh this ad set. So from the 4th to today, does that change anything? No. Generally, the top one still has a pretty high high CPA, although it did get better. Let's see. Yeah, it actually dropped pretty substantially from 280 to 220. Okay, the second one's good. The third one came up a little bit. The fourth one's not so good. 183. Uh, and then the bottom three are essentially untested. This one did get a nice sale, though. Cool. Okay, we go back to the last seven days. Other things that I would look at is last three days. So, where is this heading? What's the trajectory of this? Last three days at 146, which for me is like phenomenal results. It's like very good. Let's look at yesterday 135. So, yesterday was a very strong day. Um, very good results. And then so far today, 193. It's It's fine. It's not amazing. Not not bad. So based on the last seven days, you know, sometimes you can also look at last seven days including today if you wanted to include like how things are going right now. You have to remember that there's delayed attribution. So sometimes, you know, that's not the best idea. Sometimes I do do it though. Um let's look at last seven days and let's say okay, in theory I would want to turn this one off right here. Okay. Um, the rest honestly, let me look at the the full time period. So, the two that I I would have my eye on potentially optimizing are these two, right? Because it's uh 220 and 180. So, these two are have a higher CPA than the rest. Okay, great. Let's look at last seven days just to see do I still agree with that. Well, this one actually dropped to 133. So, it's it's actually really good. So, the only one that I would really think about turning off is this top one. Now, that's kind of a risky gamble because it's the top spender. But, let's let's look at hypothetically what it would look like if I were to turn this off. So, what the the trick that I want you to know, this is the filter by selection trick. Essentially, you're going to put a check mark next to all of them aside from the one that you plan to turn off. You're going to look at your average results, 190. You're on seven days. You're going to look at your average RAWs, 1.04. And then you're going to click in the search bar, click filter by row selected. And now you're going to look at the change 144. See that 144? And my rorowaz went up to 1.37. So, in theory, I would go from uh a 190 CPA and a 1.04 rorowaz to a 144 and a 1.37. That's a pretty substantial drop in CPA in theory. Okay. But now, you know, we live in reality. So, what we have to think about now what are the different um you know, what is the riskreward here? So, a lot of things to consider. First thing is when you turn off the top spender within an adset, it's it's it's like shuffling the deck or rolling the dice. Like anything can kind of happen here. You also have to look at how much did this one the top spender spend yesterday. Okay, it spent 96 bucks. Well, if you turn off this top one, that's going to liberate 96 bucks to the remaining six adsets. So, if you divide uh 96 by six, that's going to give you approximately $16 that each one of these ads is going to absorb when you do that. That's actually fine. That's enough ads that um I don't think it's going to have a big impact. But you need to know that if that number is really large and you have only a few ads, uh you could basically scale up the remaining ads if you liberate too much budget from the thing that you turn off. and that could break the whole ad set. Basically, basically, if the amount that you're liberating, so if you're turning off several ads and it's liberating a very large amount of budget and you base this off of yesterday's spend, um it could throw off the balance of the remaining ads, like it could scale them in a way and throw off their optimization and just ruin the whole thing. So, you have to keep that in mind. Um so other things that you need to consider uh the riskreward here the what I like to do is I ask myself what do I stand to gain and what do I stand to lose okay so let's think about what do I stand to lose well I would potentially break this one adset that has 190 CPA over the last seven days which is actually getting better over the last three days and even yesterday and today is okay. So, that's what I stand to lose. Now, I have two other profitable adsets that are working for me. So, it's not the end of the world, but it's not great. I only have three total. And then I have my retargeting campaign, which is doing fine. So, these are things that I need to consider like how, you know, if I were to break this ad set completely, it just the results go terribly. What would that do to me uh on this campaign level uh average? And what would it do to me on the uh ad account average as a whole? Okay. Um in my case, like since 190 is acceptable, it's it's actually good. I wouldn't want to take this bet because what do I stand to gain? I would stand to go from 190 to 144, which is is actually really good. This is where your your personal uh risk tolerance also comes into play, right? If you're a gambling man or woman and you're like, "Yeah, I want to take that bet. Let's go for it. Sure, you could turn off that top one and maybe it'll go down to 140 or 144 or something like that. Or maybe it breaks the whole thing. We're trying to touch this thing as little as possible. And that brings me to another really important point. When you're optimizing, generally, you're trying to make the biggest impact, positive impact, uh, for the least amount of moves. So, in my case, I'm trying to touch this thing as little as possible. So, there's only one ad here that I would potentially touch. Now, the one ad that I would potentially touch is the biggest spending one. So, it's kind of a big action. Okay. But, um, it's just something to consider, right? So, since I'm a little bit more, I guess you could say a little bit more conservative and these average results are good, I'm just going to leave it. I'm going to let it keep training my ad account, keep bringing me new members, and and just leave it alone. Once you decide on optimizing something, you have to stand by your decision. The worst thing you can do is say turn this thing off and then the next day you see bad results and then panic uh and then you know turn it off or lower the budget or something. You need to basically stand by your decision and and number one give it a chance to work and number two see how the optimization plays out. Sometimes it works and that's amazing. Your CPA will drop or your rorowaz will come up and life is good. Other times you will break this whole thing. And when that happens, you can basically just try this process again. Identify the ads that are giving you bad results over a 7-day period. Turn them off, you know, or ask yourself, what do you stand to gain, what do you stand to lose, decide what you're going to turn off, turn it off, give it another 3 to 5 days, right? That's you can do this process again. Uh or you could downscale the whole thing or you can just close it, right? and then relaunch and try again. Right? This is like a puzzle. For those of you that like puzzles, this is this is going to be really fun for you because it's like a dynamic puzzle that changes every day with and the the data is continuously updating. There's a lot of nuance, a lot of things to consider. Um, and when it works, it's just so satisfying. And when it doesn't work, it's really disappointing. So, it's it's a fun game to be honest. And that's it's your money on the line, so it's high stakes as well. So, stand by your decision. Another reason why we like to leave it alone for several days after we make these decisions is the whole snow globe analogy that I have which is essentially you know I treat the algorithm like a snow globe or ad account is like a slow snow globe. Every time you make a move like this you edit something you turn something on you launch something you close something it's like you're shaking the snow globe the snow goes everywhere. That's that's volatility in your ad account. That is the algorithm going a little crazy right when you leave it alone. when you don't touch it, the snow settles to the bottom, right? And that is the algorithm, you know, settling down, getting its rhythm, figuring out what's going on. And the algorithm performs best in this settled state. So, the worst thing you can do is just be shaking the algorithm, shaking the snow globe every day, right? We like to make our move and then let it settle and then see how it plays out, assess the data, and then make our next move and then leave it alone. A meta ads is volatile enough. So, you know, by moving in this methodical, systematic way, you bring a lot more stability into your ad account versus just always, you know, making it touching it once, twice, three times a day or every day or every other day even. It's better to, you know, assess all the available options that you have. Weigh out the risk versus reward, make your decision, and then leave it alone for like 3 or 5 days and then do the whole process again. That is how you move methodically. That is elite media buying right there. And doing it all unemotionally as well. Okay. So, just basing it purely off of numbers instead of how you feel about it. Right. All right. So, I was watching this back and I realized that I didn't answer one of the main questions that I outlined at the beginning of the video, which is when do you optimize at the ad level and when do you optimize at the ad set level? Okay. Okay. So, when do we optimize at the ad level? I only optimize in at the ad level when I'm working in ad set budgets or ABOS, okay? Or single ad set CBOS. Why? Well, in an the ad sets are not algorithmically competing for spend. So, if I were to make a change at the ad level inside one of the adsets in the that change wouldn't necessarily affect the relationship between the ad sets. Okay? So you can make your change and then it's just kind of isolated to that out ad set and if it improves great if it doesn't you can close it. It doesn't really ruin the rest potentially. Same thing with single adset CBOS. If you're doing like a new campaign each time you can optimize at the ad level with a single adset CBO. Just keep in mind I don't ever add new adsets into an active CBO uh for many reasons but that's I've covered that in other videos. Okay. Now, the reason why I optimize at the adset level in multi adset CPOS is I'm trying to avoid any domino effect where it's like you edit the ad which then changes the relationship between those ads which then messes with the performance of the ad set which then messes with the relationship of the ad sets which can then break the whole campaign. Right? So, we're trying to avoid that domino effect. So to limit the variables, I simply turn off adsets in multi adset CBOS just to you know avoid that domino effect. So I hope that that clears up uh where when to optimize uh at the adset level and when to optimize at the ad level. So just to review ABOS's adset budgets I optimize at the ad level. Uh CBOS with one adset alone you can optimize at the ad level. multi adset CBOS. I personally think it's best practice to optimize at the adset level. So, that's everything that I wanted to share with you. Um, there's there's even more nuance to this. Uh, but I don't want to have an hour and a half long video. We do talk about this every single day inside of my group. So, if uh you want to dive deeper into this topic, definitely jump into the group and ask some questions. We can optimize things live with you. It's super fun. Anyways, thanks for watching. All right, you guys. That's it for today's video. I really appreciate you watching. If you found value in this video, please send it to somebody that you think would benefit from it. And if you want to join a community of [music] like-minded, experienced meta advertisers, then consider joining my school community. It's currently at the lowest price it will ever be, and it's going [music] to be increasing throughout 2026. So, get in at the ground floor, get grandfathered in at a low price, and I [music] guarantee you won't regret it. I just want to share this amazing review that I just got from one of my students. This is a new course that I just released that covers my entire meta ads process from market research all [music] the way to testing and scaling in the ads manager. I'm actually following my own process [music] just to prove that it works and so far the results are incredible. So if that interests you, click the link in my description and join up and I'll see you inside. Take care everybody.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lockeads [5 likes]: What do you do when you find out that one angle is working fine and you want to create variation of that angle to increase conversion? Do you add ads on that angle to the existing ad set or new ad set or new campaign in total ?
  2. @user-jy2ci5ox9v [3 likes]: One thing I wanted to ask. 

I currently run 2 adsets that are both mult layer stacked, ABO and within each I had 4 creatives. I turned two off as two were showing good results. 

My challenge:

1. I want to add new creatives of the top ad variations in both adsets of it, so maybe 5-6 variations of the winning creative.
2. I'm not sure to just dump them into the existing adsets which only has 2 ads in it for now, or test them as a separate batch? And even then when I find the winning ones from that creative batch do I keep them there or do something else with them?

I have found meta is quite stubborn that if it selects or has historic spend on an ad, it keep prioritising that one and refuses to spend on others that you add into an existing adset?
  3. @justblogo [2 likes]: Just watched — such a practical, no-nonsense guide! Loved the clear breakdown and real examples you shared. Really useful content!
  4. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc [2 likes]: Really clear and practical guide — perfect for anyone who wants to boost performance and stay ahead with Meta Ads in 2026!
  5. @benmusket [2 likes]: first 😎
  6. @angelobaricante [1 likes]: This is such a gem! 1 question, if my client wants to run ads for both UK and US, and I'm using ABO campaign, should I create 2 different ad set w/ same creatives that targets 1 country or just 1 ad set that target both country?
  7. @watching-machine69 [1 likes]: 17:30
  8. @jason1501: Hi Michael. I’m running a single ad set CBO campaign for a leads based business and clients budget is 15 dollars a day . Historically static ads are the top performers . Wanted to test a video ad . Added that in but  the video ad seems to not get any spend . Any idea on how to combat this
  9. @anonymerkanal8690: What total ad spend do I need to have in my campaign before I'm able to draw conclusions?

- Complete Static Ads Guide for 2026 (Scale Fast AFTER Andromeda!): Kind: captions Language: en If you look at the screen carefully, you will see ad creatives that spent $100,000. Not pounds on the screen, but when you converted $100,000. And I'm going to give these exact strategies to you today. I'm also going to rank them in how I think they're executed. And then in today's topic, we're going to look at how to make creatives that you can then develop in AI that are going to be really good to scale through the new Andromeda update. This is what we've figured out that works so far in a lot of the accounts that we manage. And so far we manage accounts all over the world in a lot of different niches. So today we're focusing on Legion accounts. The next video that we will talk about is a little bit more e-commerce. But the main thing you need to understand is that we do things a bit differently. As I did research for this video, the main type of video I found was that most people talked about how to make the perfect creative. What is the right font? What is the right angle? What is the right type of UGC AI? Whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And the main problem with that is that the Andromeda algorithm is made for small incremental testing, not long shots. And that's the main problem with the philosophy of the creative first model, which I'm quite opposed of. In my opinion, data comes first to anything else. And this is what they wanted to point out that you shouldn't go all the way crazy with developing these creatives, but have small hunches that you confirm through testing. So the main thing you need to understand is that what we had before was a musket and then as the Andromeda update came out that musket became a machine gun. Now if you try to use a machine gun as a sniper rifle it ain't going to work. So this is what I'm going to teach you today and I'm going to show you the exact templates of the ads that we use and that you can recreate in your own accounts today. So let's begin. The lowest uh categorized ad is the dlist and are basically ads that are focusing on different types of benefits. So, if you just started out your business or a new service or a product, you really don't know what is going to be the thing that actually grabs their attention, drags them into clicking and actually resonates with them into taking action. You as the business owner often can be biased and that's one of the biggest problems. So, even if you have a lot of cool ideas why somebody would buy from you, you need to verify that and make sure that that sticks. So, that's the first thing that I try out with a lot of different accounts. And that's the most basic ad that we launch just to feel out what resonates with the target audience that we're going after. Besides that, we also try to test out different types of call to actions to figure out what kind of benefit with the call to action is going to make the person click and react. You also need to take into consideration that all of these ads are for types of businesses that are not that exciting and not that crazy. So actually going through the noise is difficult because historically businesses like these have really low clickthrough rates. So figuring out how to break through the noise is going to be be a really important thing for this business and the business owner itself. So if you check out these creators here, all of them have different elements behind them. In this one, we are just testing a lot of different small background elements with a green check mark list. And as you can see here, you have tap to learn more. And we're testing a lot of different angles with like click now, sign up now, stuff like that because in different types of uh situations, people are going to resonate to different kinds of pressures. So, we're going to test out what kind of benefit is going to activate them and as well what kind of nudge or call to action is going to make them actually do the thing we want. Now, the next ad we have is franchises, and we're testing out a lot of different angles here. So, this template you can just swap out to lots of different texts and then if you can imagine Andromeda model, you can have 50 different benefits here. and 50 different call to actions. The main thing for you as the business is to understand what is going to make the person resonate with the best. Especially if you're a service-based business or selling something like this, you really need to figure out what is going to be the hook that gets people in. And these ads are the type to test because they're nothing really crazy. They're not going to scam the person into clicking. So, you can know for sure that this sentence that you just showed in front of them is something that actually moves them into action. And then these are again the same thing over and over again in different angles. The main thing I wanted to show you here is so you understand how these can be executed. You can have a lot of text, you can have smaller text, you have big text. I really suggest that you test out all variations and these are what you call your testers. So this is what you can go crazy on. You can have crazy ideas, you can have the ideas you think are going to for sure work and then just through this this is going to be your first layer of testing with Andromeda. So the C tier is basically what we derive from the D tier and then try to make it a little bit better, little bit punchier, little bit eye-catching, a little bit more refined. So the first thing that we look at is core benefit. What's going to be the core benefit that drives the person to the action we want? Second thing that we want to add is some kind of visual aid or disruption because that's going to help us then actually uh make sure that they're going to engage with their eyes the things that we're showing them. If we just smack a lot of text in front of them, most people are going to skip away. And as well, our offer is a bit more refined and defined. So, we will be able to pitch them the offer as well in this tier. So, you can imagine, we ran some ads and now we know that what moves the needle. Is it going to be 60% on energy bills? Is it going to be the fact that they can transfer the employees to the United States? That's some of the things that you need to figure out to know before you put here. Because if you just put something like best reef forever, best lawyer in the states or whatever, you're not going to get any results. So this is why you want the Andromeda update and test it out to figure out what is the tone, what is the angle, what's the kind of copy, what is the offer. All of these things need to be aligned perfectly for what the customer wants. Otherwise, your ad results are not going to be good. These two examples are more how you cloak ads. So basically, as we refine the the message that we have, we want to get uh even more creative at tricking people to read because most people are experts at evading ads. And then because of that, we need to figure out a message that's going to resonate with most people and then try to trick everybody at least once into reading it so we know that they're aware of our existence. The reason why we're stealing old movie covers from like ' 80s, '60s, '7s, '90s is because these target audiences are a bit older. And then as you can imagine for some businesses for most businesses you won't be able to use best price guarantees but in cases you can you should test them out as well. And then as you can see here this ad came because we thought about what is the most common franchise. So if you're into buying a franchise and you're like 60 70 80 years old and you see that most of them are gyms you're going to be discouraged. So hitting on that is going to be the way to go if you want to sell a franchise that's not that. Off to the next tier with the B tier. We're more refined with the emotion. We exactly know what we want the person to feel when we show them this type of ads. So, we generally know the look, the feel, the tone, and now we're just trying to refine which one is going to give us a little bit better results. These ads are usually as you refine them good enough to stay on for a long time. But the core key principle that you need to think about is the messaging in the ads. The messaging is more important than the ad. You can have the most creative ad and if the message is dumb, nobody's going to take action. So, you're going to see a lot of award-winning ads that didn't achieve actually [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but they were really creative and then you really want ads that are actually going to change something in your P&L. So, again, just because this is nothing really crazy and creative doesn't mean it doesn't get a lot of it a lot of the job done. So, here we exactly know the emotion that makes the person move. in some case going to be fear, in our case going to be greed, in other cases going to be happiness, benefits. You don't exactly know. But at this stage, you really figured it out through just iterations and testing. And then as well, you want to add a bit more content, subtext, so that person understand it's just not an offer. You have a little bit more outside of it so that person can do a bit of research as well. And I love to try using recent events to add that um context into what we can. So if there's any Super Bowl coming out or something like that, you can always try making something that's going to look like that because most of the time there's going to be a lot of content regarding that specific topic. And as you can see, most of the job of you as an advertiser, especially creative advertiser in this case, is going to be to trick the person to actually read the thing they didn't want to read. Basically, if you trick them into reading an ad and they don't realize on time they're reading an ad, you did a good job. So with this ad, if you notice that it does look a lot similar to the ad I showed you at the start, but the thing that we did figure out with the iterations and testing is that one of the things that gets people driven to actually sign up as a franchisee is them with the car with her tools and actually being a guy that goes out, does his work, nobody messes with him, and is his own guy. And this stand in front of the truck that they have is actually a thing that uh resonates with a lot of guys and they sign up and this is one of the key aspects of their angle. That's the life they want to live. So pro prominently displaying this and just getting better at this is the way that we went with and it resonates really well and gives really good results. And now for a lot of ads like these, this is an ad regarding a recent event where they're changing some tax codes. So basically it's going to be much more expensive for you and then that's another reason why we push them. like it's going to be more expensive. You really need that money back. And then we also had a couple of other angles where we're focusing on companies that know they have an old reefer. So, we're kind of agitating them towards that. So, you can imagine like if you're a business owner and you saw this, it would kind of nudge you towards like, yeah, let's solve this before we have to solve this. Uh it could get expensive. And as we talked about context, we have here two different examples of joint pain and what's happening behind menopiles where any woman that's going through that is going to resonate a lot more and is going to be much more open to taking in the content that we're showing them. So basically, this ad is doing what we wanted to do. The person is breaking their normal pattern behavior and going to the website we want them to go to. With the eighth tier, you need to understand that we're getting to the point of refinement now. So, these ads are kind of depending on you knowing what's going to move the needle. So, visual hooks only make a lot of sense if you know what you're going to write there. Because if you trick the eye into reading the text, but you wrote something stupid, it's not still not going to work. It just doesn't matter. At the same time, because you've generated enough results and probably some customers, you're also going to be able to understand what makes you stand out compared to your customer. So having some bland ads where you're just showing your product compared to your competition and where you excel and stand out is going to be a way to go as well. So as you can see here, we refined the messaging that we talked about in the prior iterations of the ads before. So you can see how this blimp here has a message and this traffic sign also has a message. But the problem is if the message was something dumb, it wouldn't work as an ad. So this is one of the points you need to figure out. If you have a good message and a good offer, this is going to work for you. But if it's dumb, it's not going to work. So that's one of the reasons why you want to test out. In this next one, I'll show you exactly how it looks when you do a lot of different variations and iterations, especially through AI. And this is now us versus them type of ad where you can exactly show what is the difference, what is the cost, what are the benefits. And I know that some people came to me and said that these ads don't work always for them. But here's the thing, they always work if you have the right things written here or if you know what the person actually cares about. if you just written something that you think is really cool. Yeah, sorry about that. And the last type of ad that I'm going to show is basically what we call camouflage ads. There's no way for you to actually figure out this is an ad until you get to the point of reading halfway through. The main thing you need to take it with deep consideration is that people don't like getting tricked with dumb stuff. So, if you hit the wrong person with the type of ad like this, the chance of them going and hiding this ad from their news feed is higher and it's going to be detrimental to your CPN because the more people that report you for fishing, scamming, stuff like that. And the more people that report your ad for being annoying, buggy, and whatever scammy, the higher the chance of Facebook starting to increase your CPMs or advertisement costs, which is a problem. Second, we are also going to try making some images that are going to look like posts. basically looking something that their friends would post or something that would be in a group. So that's something that they usually read and engage often highly with. So we're going to try hijacking the trust of that format and making them read. And then the last one is that people are generally looking for something always edgy that's going to move the needle, something that's new, something that's crazy. So that's going to be the last one that explains why that one works. Now, the main reason why I selected the S tier and the criterium was that if we manage to scale an ad like this to 100,000, so like a creative like this independently got scaled to $100,000 of ad spend. And I know they don't look crazy, but that's the thing. With enough refinement, with the right message, with the right audience, this ad is going to be everywhere. It's going to be read by everybody and most people are going to take action. That's the ideal type of ad. So you can see here news cutouts and you can see that we have multiple different types of versions of this and you can use AI to make a lot of these. And then when you have this written in the right way, it's going to work. It's going to bring in a lot of good visitors. Then the next one that we're also going to look at is just making it look like a post. So if you go to your phone and open Facebook or Instagram, a post that you would make would look like this. and it looks kind of dumb and whatever, but this is not going to be something that triggers this is an ad in your eyes. It's actually going to be something that you read and then later realize you got tricked, which is kind of the point of it. And the last one, as we mentioned, a bit of that and gore, everybody expects some craziness or something really bad. So, basically, anytime that meta censors something, that actually brings a lot more attention to it than if it wasn't censored, which is ironic, but that's the kind but that's the point behind the ad. This ad unbelievably works. So whatever you put behind in the blur, if you manage to do it right, most people are going to read it because they're hoping to see something really amusing. So yeah, this is the map of the ads we talked about today. And I hope that this helps you understand how to properly develop Andromeda because the idea behind this is that as you test stuff, you do it like this. So you have five versions of the same thing you want. So you have five versions of the ad and just a little bit of different angles until you get something that works. The right color, the right angle, the right sentence, right offer. So that's why you really love the Andromeda update because with the 50 ads you can put in here, you can be a lot faster at figuring out which creative works. So, if you need any help with figuring this out or if you want to copy any of the ads but are having any problems with it, feel free to drop that in the comments and I'll respond there. If you watched till the end, thank you very much. You're a legend.