- What Can You Eat on a Low Carb Diet? (Full Food List): Kind: captions Language: en low carb diets are becoming increasingly popular but which foods are low in carbohydrates I will quickly go through healthy low carb food choices so you understand what you can eat on a low carb diet the best way for you to quickly classify whether a food is low carb is to think about its source did it come from an animal or a plant and that's significant because plants are the living organisms that make carbohydrates if you remember learning about photosynthesis that is the process that plants use to make carbohydrates from raw materials of sunlight carbon dioxide and water so all plant foods will contain carbs but that doesn't rule them out of a healthy little carb diet you just need to pick the right ones most foods that come directly from animals contain only trace amounts of carbs so let's start our low carb food list with meats meats can come from any source including beef poultry pork lamb venison and bison and the very versatile egg is a great addition to a low carb diet and works great as a snack meal or a recipe ingredient there are also products that come from meats that can count as low carb foods like bacon pork rinds beef jerky and lunch meats but as with any food processing lowers the nutrient quality of the food so you will be happiest with the overall quality of your diet if you limit processed meats and choose them wisely to avoid unhealthy ingredients as well as hidden sugars which will increase the carb count now I am going to discuss more than 100 low carb foods in this video so if you would like the full list you can download the list on my website and I will leave some links here for where you can do that ok let's continue all varieties of fish and seafood from wild caught salmon and haddock to shrimp and scallops can be enjoyed as part of a low carb diet now dairy products are the category of animal-based foods that you will want to pay attention - when counting carbs and there are two reasons first dairy contains a natural sugar called lactose and dairy foods are often sweetened which can of course increase the carb count of the food now while it doesn't apply 100% of the time a general rule of thumb is that the higher a dairy food is in fat the lower it will be in the milk sugar lactose for instance 1/4 cup of heavy cream has about one and a half grams of carbohydrates whereas the same amount of fat free skim milk has twice the carb grams that also provides flavor so full fat dairy foods don't need to rely on added sugars and sweeteners like their low fat counterparts so the takeaway is read your labels and don't be afraid to choose the full fat low sugar varieties when it comes to selecting dairy products the dairy foods that can fit into a low carb diet include full fat yogurt heavy cream half-and-half sour cream and different varieties of cheese but again pay attention to the carb count of Dairy Foods and we could round out our list of low carb animal-based foods with cooking fats those that come from animals include butter lard and tallow this also provides a perfect segue into plant-based low carb foods because we get some oils from plants including avocado oil which is one of my favorites as well as coconut oil and olive oil and there are also oils classified as a vegetable oils such as soybean sunflower and canola oil these oils fit on a low carb list but I do not use them due to their questionable health value and if you want to know more about that you can see my video on the best cooking oils as I mentioned earlier all whole plant foods contain carbs but that doesn't rule them out of a healthy low-carb diet you just need to pick wisely so that you're getting the vital nutrients from the plant foods without the excess carbs so let's continue our list of low carb plant foods and I'm going to loosely list them from lowest carb content to highest coffee NT come from coffee beans or tea leaves and contain only a trace amount of carbs making them a favorite drink of low-carb dieters herbs and spices also come from plants so they contain trace amounts of carbohydrates which is typically a non-issue because spices tend to be used in small quantities but you do want to read the label of packaged spice blends that have other ingredients added in for instance this packet of taco seasoning mix contains 4 carbs per serving and there's about six servings in here leafy green vegetables are a great low carb choice and many other non starchy vegetables will fit into your low carb lifestyle as well a few of the more popular low carb vegetables include asparagus green beans broccoli cauliflower mushrooms and onions onions are a bit higher in carbs than the other vegetables that I mentioned so that is something that you might want to pay attention to if you are following a very low carb or keto style diet nuts and seeds qualify as low carb foods but it pays to monitor how many you are eating because they are easy to overeat the carb content will also vary with nuts from with pecans walnuts and macadamia nuts being lower in carbs then pistachios and cashews low carb seeds are a great way to add crunch to a salad and can be blended into recipes to enhance their health value I prefer to eat nuts and seeds raw to avoid the unhealthy oils that are typically used for roasting some favorites are chia hemp sunflower and pumpkin seeds with the popularity of low carb diets we are seeing a rise in popularity of butter derived from nuts and seeds these natural kinds of butter have a place on our list but they are even easier to overeat than nuts and seeds themselves you have to read the label also to make sure that other ingredients including sugar were not added we can also grind not and similar plant foods to give us flour like almond flour or coconut flour for baking and while these flours may have some health benefits when compared to white flour anytime you refine a whole food it changes the way your body handles it so if you are using a low-carb diet as a way to lose weight you will be happiest with your overall results if you avoid or limit all types of flour alright let's talk about fruit there are many variety of fruit some make the low-carb list and others do not fruits that are generally regarded as being low-carb friendly include avocados coconuts lemons and limes and olives there are other fruit that are not super high in carbs that can fit into a low-carb diet for some people these include apples berries cantaloupe cherries and grapefruit however if you are weight-loss resistant you may find that you need to limit your overall fruit intake and I have a video on that topic if you would like to learn more about that lastly I am also going to give an honorable mention to dark chocolate but to qualify as low-carb friendly you'll want to look for brands that are at least 70% cacao with little or no added sugar but just a side note dark chocolate is an acquired taste so the longer that you are on a low-carb diet the more your taste buds will adjust and you will be able to taste that more subtle sweetness that you get with dark chocolate so you can see that there are a lot of nutrient rich foods that you can choose from when you follow a low-carb diet I certainly through a lot of foods at you in this short video if you would like the complete downloadable list you can grab a copy on my website and I will link to that here in the video and down below in the description area thanks so much for watching please subscribe and I will see you in the next video thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [132 likes]: Download the Full List of 100 Low Carb Foods Here (Free): https://www.drbeckyfitness.com/Low-Carb-Food-List
  2. @ratg0r3 [2 likes]: I am on a cal deficit and now I want to start eating healthier and working out, lost 10 lbs already and I'm ready to start building better habits 💅
  3. @kaydub1981 [1 likes]: I do NOT suggest seed oils AT all either. Thoughts on peanut oil??
  4. @BigTBuiltDifferent [1 likes]: Is keto bread okay? It has worked for me and I lost over 100lbs but it took 14 months still got 38lbs till my goal
  5. @waynearcher5970 [1 likes]: Riced cauliflower and mashed cauliflower (mashed potato  substitute) are great.
  6. @Jeff-bl1rz [1 likes]: I thought watermelon was very high in sugar …
  7. @CodyHouston30 [1 likes]: I tried low carbs before it took all my energy away I feel a lot better on high carbs
  8. @emilyhopemeechem4183: My mom is getting me to do that low carb diet
And she’s doing it too
  9. @dianne7824: Thank you for your video. This is very useful.
  10. @ripcisco: i
  11. @ruhulabedin3651: Love your videos, thank you so much
  12. @planethex9756: 5:59  realization that I’m still immature 😞😭🤣
  13. @Woodysdad1: Great video. Thank you.
  14. @the-comedian-25: These arent foods these are ingredients ?? Wheres the food what kind of meals do you do with these ingredients ❗️❗️⁉️❓❓im gonna die !! 😫😫😫
  15. @veeylmaa: Thaks
  16. @rodneynicholls6537: you should crack the fill plug first!
  17. @claudiamijares86: Hi! can a follow this diet as a vegetarian? which proteins can I eat?
  18. @Signalprocessing-c8y: The video is great. Thank you, Becky, for sharing
  19. @SheSheBelieves: This was SUCH a helpful video, thank you!! Also, thank you for the list! A very practical resource :)
  20. @olin5836: Are oats low carbs?

- Reducing Belly Fat with a Low-Carb Polyphenol-Rich Diet: Kind: captions Language: en-US Deep belly fat, or visceral fat, that is&nbsp; stored around the abdominal organs is linked&nbsp;&nbsp; to significant health risks, including heart&nbsp; disease, type 2 diabetes, and certain cancers. There are proven strategies&nbsp; for reducing belly fat. One&nbsp;&nbsp; that I have covered extensively&nbsp; on my channel is a low-carb diet. Another strategy is to boost&nbsp; your intake of polyphenols. But here is the thing: Polyphenols come&nbsp; from plants, and because plants make&nbsp;&nbsp; carbohydrates through photosynthesis, boosting&nbsp; polyphenols means you boost your carb intake. Is there a way to marry these two strategies?&nbsp; In other words, can you enjoy your polyphenols&nbsp;&nbsp; and have your low-carb diet benefits, too?&nbsp; Absolutely, and not only is it enjoyable&nbsp;&nbsp; because of the great foods you get to eat,&nbsp; it is also easy to follow and effective. This video shares how polyphenols help to reduce&nbsp;&nbsp; belly fat and the low-carb&nbsp; foods that contain them. [Intro Music] Before I start, let me take one minute&nbsp; to thank LMNT for sponsoring this video. Low-carb diets work for fat loss because they&nbsp; keep the fat-storing hormone insulin low.&nbsp; When insulin is low, you also lose sodium more&nbsp;&nbsp; rapidly. That is why people who eat a&nbsp; whole-food, low-carb diet need salt. We have been taught to avoid salt or sodium.&nbsp; However, sodium is an essential nutrient,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning your body can't make it, so it must&nbsp; come in through your diet. Sodium is needed&nbsp;&nbsp; to conduct nerve impulses, contract and relax&nbsp; muscles, and maintain proper hydration. When it&nbsp;&nbsp; is low, it can lead to fatigue, muscle&nbsp; cramps, headaches, and irritability. You can get sodium from low-carb&nbsp; foods like pickles, olives,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just the salt shaker. Or you can&nbsp; do what I do and use LMNT every day. LMNT not only tastes great but also&nbsp; contains magnesium and potassium,&nbsp;&nbsp; two additional essential nutrients needed&nbsp; for proper nerve and muscle function. When you use my link, drinklmnt.com/drbecky,&nbsp; to make any purchase, you will receive a free&nbsp;&nbsp; sample pack with eight great flavors. I will&nbsp; leave a link in the description area below. Unlike subcutaneous fat that you can&nbsp; pinch under your skin, the deeper visceral&nbsp;&nbsp; fat is metabolically active and secretes&nbsp; pro-inflammatory cytokines and adipokines. The resulting low-grade, chronic inflammation&nbsp; contributes to insulin resistance,&nbsp;&nbsp; a condition where cells in the body&nbsp; become less responsive to insulin.&nbsp; This resistance impairs glucose&nbsp; uptake, leading to elevated blood&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar levels and promoting fat storage,&nbsp; particularly in the abdominal region. So, you see a vicious cycle emerge&nbsp; where the accumulation of belly fat&nbsp;&nbsp; releases substances that exacerbate inflammation.&nbsp;&nbsp; That inflammation contributes to insulin&nbsp; resistance, which promotes fat storage. Polyphenols are known for their&nbsp; antioxidant properties, so they have&nbsp;&nbsp; powerful anti-inflammatory effects that break&nbsp; that vicious cycle and help reduce belly fat. They also improve metabolic&nbsp; health by enhancing fat oxidation,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the process of breaking down&nbsp; fatty acids for energy. This enhanced&nbsp;&nbsp; fat breakdown leads to improved energy&nbsp; expenditure and reduced fat storage. Polyphenol-rich foods also suppress&nbsp; appetite by inhibiting the secretion&nbsp;&nbsp; of appetite-stimulating hormones, like&nbsp; ghrelin, and increasing adiponectin levels,&nbsp;&nbsp; furthering this hunger satisfaction effect&nbsp; thanks to the influence adiponectin has on&nbsp;&nbsp; chemical messengers in the hypothalamus&nbsp; that regulate hunger and satiety. Adiponectin also improves insulin sensitivity,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing cells to better utilize&nbsp; glucose for energy. This reduces&nbsp;&nbsp; blood sugar levels and decreases the storage&nbsp; of fat, particularly in the abdominal area. So, there are a lot of wins when it comes&nbsp; to reducing belly fat by eating polyphenols.&nbsp;&nbsp; And best yet, the foods taste good, and&nbsp; many are naturally low in carbohydrates. Now, to this point in the video,&nbsp; I have talked about polyphenols,&nbsp;&nbsp; which sounds like a single&nbsp; substance found in food. Actually,&nbsp;&nbsp; the term polyphenol is a general term&nbsp; used to describe a class of compounds. There are literally thousands of&nbsp; them, so to reap the full benefits,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is best to incorporate a variety of&nbsp; polyphenol-rich foods into your diet.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's look at some great low-carb&nbsp; sources, starting with berries. Not all fruits are appropriate for low-carb&nbsp; dieters, but berries, in general, are OK,&nbsp;&nbsp; and their vibrant colors tell&nbsp; us they are rich in polyphenols. We have all heard it said that if you want to ward&nbsp; off illness, you should eat a rainbow every day,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a catchy way of reminding us to eat&nbsp; a variety of colorful fruits and vegetables.&nbsp;&nbsp; What you are really being told to do is&nbsp; eat your polyphenols every day because&nbsp;&nbsp; many of those rich colors come from these&nbsp; naturally occurring chemical compounds. There are differences among berries. Strawberries&nbsp; are a good low-carb choice because they are widely&nbsp;&nbsp; liked, and a 3.5-ounce (100g) serving contains&nbsp; just 7.7 grams of carbs and 2 grams of fiber.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can also choose blackberries or&nbsp; raspberries. Blueberries are a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; more middle of the range when&nbsp; it comes to their carbohydrate&nbsp;&nbsp; content. We see that a serving of&nbsp; blueberries has 14.5g of carbs. Other fruits high in polyphenols that can be&nbsp; worked into a low-carb diet include plums and&nbsp;&nbsp; apples. You will also find a rich supply&nbsp; of polyphenols in cherries, pomegranates,&nbsp;&nbsp; and grapes, but these fruits have higher&nbsp; carb counts. For the full picture on fruits,&nbsp;&nbsp; see my video on the best and&nbsp; worst low-carb fruit options. Vegetables rich in polyphenols include&nbsp; spinach, broccoli, Brussels sprouts,&nbsp;&nbsp; red onions, asparagus, and artichokes.&nbsp; These are all non-starchy vegetables,&nbsp;&nbsp; so they fit easily into a low-carb diet. To give you an idea, this entire bag of&nbsp; spinach contains just 5 carbohydrates,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you could cook and eat half of this one-pound&nbsp; bag of broccoli and only consume 10 carbs. Carrots are high in polyphenols, which&nbsp; you might guess because of their rich&nbsp;&nbsp; orange color. However, they ride the&nbsp; fence between starchy and non-starchy,&nbsp;&nbsp; so if your goal is to keep your carbs&nbsp; low, limit your intake of carrots. Nuts and seeds are a tasty way to add polyphenols&nbsp; to your daily low-carb diet. The best choices for&nbsp;&nbsp; their polyphenol count are pecans, walnuts,&nbsp; hazelnuts, almonds, flaxseeds, and chia seeds. These foods also provide a great&nbsp; mix of healthy fats and protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; and while being relatively low in&nbsp; carbs, they are easy to overeat. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; do not think of them as a snack food;&nbsp; think of them as a recipe enhancer,&nbsp;&nbsp; so sprinkle chopped pecans, walnuts, or slivered&nbsp; almonds on top of a salad or mix them into&nbsp;&nbsp; full-fat yogurt. You can also add chia seeds&nbsp; and flaxseed to yogurt or a low-carb smoothie. That kind of segways us into beverages.&nbsp; You can drink polyphenols because they&nbsp;&nbsp; are abundant in green tea, coffee, and also&nbsp; red wine. You have heard that the healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; component of red wine is resveratrol.&nbsp; Resveratrol is a type of polyphenol. Other foods that are high in polyphenols&nbsp; and low in carbohydrates are olives,&nbsp;&nbsp; which can be eaten as a snack or&nbsp; included in recipes, and dark chocolate. However, when it comes to dark chocolate,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to choose wisely. The chocolate&nbsp; needs to be at least 70 percent cacao,&nbsp;&nbsp; preferably 80 percent and above, and it should not&nbsp; have sugar listed in the top three ingredients. That by itself takes some searching,&nbsp; but it is also best to find brands low&nbsp;&nbsp; in lead and cadmium. I will link&nbsp; to the Consumer Reports website&nbsp;&nbsp; where the safer chocolates and those&nbsp; highest in heavy metals are listed. And, when you are preparing food at home,&nbsp; you can give the recipe a polyphenol boost&nbsp;&nbsp; by using olive oil or sprinkling in herbs and&nbsp; spices. Several of them are high in polyphenols,&nbsp;&nbsp; including oregano, thyme, rosemary, basil,&nbsp; parsley, cilantro, cinnamon, and turmeric. And, just to be complete, I will mention that&nbsp; there are a few high-carb foods that are rich in&nbsp;&nbsp; polyphenols. They include grains like oats, rye,&nbsp; barley, and wheat. Beans are another high-carb&nbsp;&nbsp; food with polyphenols, with black beans and&nbsp; red kidney beans having the highest levels. Polyphenols support your goal to lose&nbsp; belly fat by reducing inflammation,&nbsp;&nbsp; enhancing fat oxidation, suppressing&nbsp; appetite, and improving insulin sensitivity. These natural substances are abundant in&nbsp; many low-carb foods, including berries,&nbsp;&nbsp; non-starchy vegetables, nuts and seeds, dark&nbsp; chocolate, olives, olive oil, and herbs. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can also drink polyphenols since they are&nbsp; abundant in green tea, coffee, or red wine. There are thousands of polyphenols&nbsp; that you can take in, so aim to&nbsp;&nbsp; get a variety of these foods into your&nbsp; daily diet for maximum health benefits. I will leave the links to the studies and videos&nbsp; I mentioned in the description area below. I will&nbsp;&nbsp; also leave a link to LMNT along with a link&nbsp; to my 0,1,2,3 strategy that you can download&nbsp;&nbsp; for free if you are looking for a way to get&nbsp; started with a nutrient-dense, low-carb diet&nbsp;&nbsp; that will not take over your life. Thanks for&nbsp; watching and have a great rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @angelejolicoeur4767 [2 likes]: So glad you’re back!
  2. @cathyharrop3348 [1 likes]: I can easily dark chocolate.   Oh my.
  3. @primevalseeker3952 [1 likes]: I follow you everyday as a relief. Keto is really hard but you give me support and I can do this but its not easy....
  4. @HappyMom2Girls [1 likes]: I appreciate your content. I paused many times and took notes. This information is very helpful. Thank you so much.
  5. @Roberto-cg2gr [1 likes]: Best to eat fermented vegetables to remove carbobohydrates
  6. @PeterSchwartz-m1h [1 likes]: I'm confused, does IF mean fasting every day for either 12 or 16 hours? If that is the case is it not just Time Restricted Eating?
  7. @filmic1: Thanks Dr. Becky. Boy the processed food industry really has us brain-washed doesn't it?
  8. @MrIceman1953: I recently started using LMNT as my electrolyte drink and was wondering if taking this first thing in the morning breaks my fast.
  9. @Flux_Nomad: The algorithm knows what time of year it is.
  10. @beckysandstrom6954: I haven’t seen any of your videos anymore. How are you and your husband doing? I miss you two!!!
  11. @beckysandstrom6954: Someone is making an apple cider vinegar quick fat loss AI  video  of you with AI words over your video!!!!
  12. @momof4boys67: I am eating low carb, high protein, lots if veggies, water and walking 10-20 minutes after meals, and yes strength training 3-4 days a week- why am I still having spikes?? I don’t know what else
To do…. Doing every tip they recommend- eating veggies first, berberine, ect ect….. i am down about 11 pounds or so- but my blood sugar is still too high !!! What else can I do?
  13. @exploringnewhites: Could you do another video on salt? Basically to just expand on what you were discussing at the beginning of this video. 
About 3 months ago I started eating better because I was pre-diabetic, lost 15 lbs., but had a bit of a salt-deficient "crisis" of sorts. At least I think that's what happened. I was on a hike and almost passed out even though I was drinking plenty of water. But even afterwards I was extremely weak (and low BP - too low - can this be a symptom of too-low sodium?) for about 2 weeks until I heard about low sodium possibly being the culprit. I'm now drinking electrolyte drinks and after 3 days I started feeling back to normal!
  14. @KathyHayes-rh6dt: My co-workers make fun of me because I eat big salads every day at lunch, I will have the last laugh!
  15. @Patricia-s6m: awesome info, thank you!!!
  16. @melanielovegrove9880: Hopefully LMNT starts shipping overseas to South Pacific, not available here yet
  17. @kashemnagor2992: A lot of thangs  f doctor ❤❤❤❤.
  18. @greensombrero3641: perfect - day after thanksgiving - i'm like ut oh !  love the channel and thank you.
  19. @donkorte80: You have white olives…?…
  20. @tommyleejohnson7308: Excellent video.Thanks.

- 5 Low Carb, High-Fat Foods to Eat Every Day: Kind: captions Language: en A low carb, high-fat diet keeps hunger away and moves your body into a fat burning state. In this video, I'm going to share five lowcarb, high-fat foods that you can easily add to your daily diet. Hi, I'm Dr. Becky from drbeckyfitness.com. I'm a college instructor of the science of nutrition. Let me start with the avocado. Um, avocados contain a lot of calories which can scare people off. Uh, for instance, this avocado weighs just over 200 gram, which means that it contains more than 300 calories, but most of those calories come from healthy monounsaturated fats. And those fats along with um the 13 or more grams of fiber in an avocado satisfy your hunger and they slow down your digestion, which makes it easier for you to consume fewer calories over the course of your day. Um, now I will say that you don't need to eat a whole avocado to reap the benefits. Um, add half of an avocado to a smoothie or uh put it as a salad topper and you'll not only get those healthy fats, you'll also get a healthy dose of vitamins and minerals that will support your metabolism and your overall health. Next, let's go to the much maligned egg. You know, as a society, we are still trying to recover from the years that we were taught that eggs are high in cholesterol and therefore bad for us. Uh while it is true that an egg contains a lot of cholesterol, the notion that eating cholesterol is a main cause of heart disease has been disputed. Um, even the US dietary guidelines that came out in 2015 changed their stance on cholesterol and now say that cholesterol is not considered a nutrient of concern for overconumption. And another study which was published in the same year shows that even people with metabolic issues can eat a high egg diet without consequences. The study shows that people with type 2 diabetes were able to eat 12 eggs a week with no significant change to their total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, or triglycerides compared to a group that ate just two eggs a week. So, the takeaway is that you can feel free to have at least an egg a day. When you do, you'll get a whole host of micronutrients, including choline, which uh will help with brain function. So, it combats things like brain fog and memory issues. Um, and an egg a day will also keep hunger away. Uh, and that's due to the great mix of proteins and fats that you get from eggs. Um, of course, they're also very versatile, right? So, you can fry them up for breakfast. You can make them into a kiche for dinner, which is something that we often do in in our home. Uh, and hard-boiled eggs make life on a low carb diet easy because they travel well. So, you can carry a hard-boiled egg with you to work for a quick high-fat, low carb afternoon snack. All right, so let's go to walnuts. Now, one of the things I like about walnuts is that they are naturally eaten raw. I recommend all nuts and seeds be eaten raw because when they're roasted, they're typically roasted in an unhealthy vegetable or soybean oil, which wipes out a lot of their benefits. And I'll talk a little bit more about that when I get into the next food. Uh but to stay focused on walnuts about you know 10 12 walnut halves which is about 28 grams of walnuts is all you need in your daily diet to get a tremendous dose of omega-3 fatty acids and a unique blend of antioxidants which are those substances that protect your cells from damage. Um, I will add here that all three of these foods I've talked about so far, avocados, eggs, and walnuts, are also um a great source of B vitamins. And B vitamins help your body convert foods that you eat into energy. So, they help you use calories more efficiently uh, and that sustains your energy throughout the day. Uh, as for how to eat walnuts, well, you can certainly grind them up and put them into recipes, but I find that they make an excellent addition to your salad because the fats in uh walnuts help you absorb the fat soluble vitamins from your salad vegetables. Um, and speaking of healthy fats in u salad, that moves me into my next food, which is full fat salad dressing. And I'm including this here because uh when you go on a diet, it is still one of those taboo items. We think salad and we think low fat dressing. However, putting a full fat dressing on your salad is not something you should be afraid of like walnuts. The fat in dressing helps your body absorb fats soluble vitamins um and also other micronutrients like carotenoids which are the antioxidants that we find in uh bright red uh vegetables and and orange and and uh yellow vegetables. Um so when your salad contains healthy fats, your body is able to pull more of the nutrients out of the salad. And I will tell you that if you have never learned how to make a salad that you truly love to eat, then I encourage you to experiment with adding healthy fats to your salad. Uh if you've been following me for a while, you know the one of my 0123 strategies stands for one large salad each day. Having a salad a day is a great way to jumpstart your healthy weight loss, but if you hate salad, you're not going to go very far. Um, add enough healthy fats to your salad and you will never look back. So, go grab a copy of my free 0123 strategy and then make a salad with avocado, hard-boiled egg, uh, walnuts, and a full fat dressing. Easy, enjoyable, effective, right? Okay. But, uh, there is one caveat I want to mention about full fat dressing, and that is that your dressing should contain a healthy fat. Read the ingredients label and avoid ones with vegetable oil and soybean oil. These are unstable fats and they break down during processing and they become toxic to your body. And uh let me let me save you some time here. It is very hard to find a salad dressing in your grocery store without those oils. I use Primal Kitchen salad dressing. You might be able to find this at your local grocery store. If not, you can find it on my Amazon affiliate shop and I will leave links in the description area below for you. This is made with avocado oil, which is a more stable oil and therefore a healthier fat. All right. And lastly, MCT oil. This oil has come into vogue with the ketogenic diet, which is a very low carb diet. Uh the reason it's linked to a ketogenic diet is because of the unique way it's handled by your body. MCT stands for mediumchain triglyceride. It's a high quality fat that comes mostly from coconut oil. Uh it's a great fuel for for not only your body but also your brain. Uh in your body, MCT oil uh MCTs are easily converted to energy. So when you take them in, they're burned for fuel. Uh and very few of them are stored as fat. So you can obviously see why they're uh oil of interest, right? For those of you that don't know, I have a second YouTube channel that I run with my husband. We recently tested our blood after consuming MCT oil and found that not only does it lower your blood glucose, it also boosts the number of ketones in your blood. So, if you're interested in that video, I will leave links here. Um, MCT oil doesn't have a strong flavor. So, you can add it to salad uh or you can stir it into coffee, which is what we did in in our experiment. So, here you are. Here are five foods that you can easily and deliciously work into your daily diet. Um, of course, there are other choices and taking in a variety of healthy foods provide your body with a wonderful mix of vitamins and minerals. So, if you're looking for a complete diet plan to follow, you can check out the links here on the video and below in the description for my diet plan. Thanks for watching. Please subscribe to my channel and I will be back next week with another video to help you reach your goal. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [10 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  2. @YvonaLive4Love [1 likes]: I need more breakfast ideas pls ! ❤I get sick of eggs at this point
  3. @KickinA874: You are making me
Like salads again
  4. @nature-i2l: Barneyrubble241님
안녕하세요?
아직 하루 달걀 3개 드시나요?
스타딘도 복용하시고요?
저는 달걀 아주 좋아하는데
3개 먹으니 콜레스트롤이 높아져서 한 개 먹어요.
조언 주시겠어요?
  5. @sunniertimer598: Hi Dr. Becky, can we have keto bread toast with that avocado in the morning as a diabetic
  6. @Yue-Star: what about roasting walnuts in coconut oil?
  7. @louisvandriessche8358: Good info by beautiful lady
  8. @emcarver8983: Mct oil isn't a food, neither is avocado dressing. They are additions
  9. @JohnPiperBoots: Hamburger 80% too. Curbs appetite for many hours. Butter too.
  10. @bonnenaturel6688: Love avocados but now sprayed with Bill Gates' Apeel and they are hard and dark inside.
  11. @ReneeEller: What about those of us who have high cholesterol levels?
  12. @fireflymary9269: Make homemade salad dressings! It’s fun and de-lish
  13. @fireflymary9269: How many calories though
  14. @thayne559: I make my own vinaigrette with EVOO and balsamic vinegar. Its good and easy to make. Sometimes ill also drizzle on a little mct oil
  15. @laurencelebeustclair6844: Hi doc., what in your opinion is the best cure for chronic leaky gut syndrome ?
  16. @peterjames174: ? gluten free option
  17. @breakmanradio2530: Saturated fats are healthy for you. Grass fed butter is the best thing you can eat if you want optimal physical and mental performance. At least she knows eggs are good for you.
  18. @ezeddie9747: Lot of sodium in the dressing
  19. @myrant2459: Great video. Thank you
  20. @jamesalles139: thanks 4 Al Gore's rhythm

- How to Get 25 Grams of Fiber Into Your Low-Carb Diet: Kind: captions Language: en fiber is an essential part of a well formulated low-carb diet but most fiber sources are carbohydrates in this video I will show you how easy it can be to keep fiber in your low carb diet hi I'm dr. Becky from dr. Becky Fitness comm I'm a college instructor of the science of nutrition fiber is vital for good gut health controlling hunger keeping your blood sugar low which is a central goal for low-carb dieters but fiber comes from plant foods and plant foods contain carbohydrates so you'll need to be particular about the food choices you make to be sure that you're getting enough fiber without getting too many carbs now if you've been following me and you've learned my zero one two three strategy you might already understand how easy this can be if you don't know my zero one two three strategy yet you can learn it for free by following the links here on the video or down below in the description area but basically the one and two of the strategy keep fiber in your diet because one stands for one large salad and two stands for two cups of cooked non starchy vegetables non starchy vegetables have a good fiber to carb ratio and they add volume to your stomach so if you have a salad at lunch and you add more veggies at dinner they give your hunger one-two punch throughout the day which makes it easier to avoid afternoon and evening snacking so let's work through a practical example when I make a large salad I fill a bowl with four cups of dark leafy salad greens they provide a lot of volume but only has forty calories six grams of carbs and two fiber grams when you add foods that have both fat and fiber to your salad you not only have a delicious meal that will just obliterate hunger but you also enhance the absorption of the nutrients from the salad so health benefits are multiplied so for instance if you add two tablespoons of walnuts two tablespoons of pumpkin seeds and a whole avocado you get 17 grams of fiber and only 27 grams of carbs if you then add 2 cups of non starchy vegetables at dinner you're up to 21 grams of fiber with very little effort and so you know what right now with just a very basic salad and 2 cups of cooked veggies you are only four grams away from 25 grams which get you into the healthy range for daily fiber a simple way to add more fiber to a low-carb diet is to add psyllium husk powder I like to use an organic brand because psyllium can be subjected to a lot of pesticides and chemicals psyllium husk is nice because it easily dissolves in water so if you drink a teaspoon of psyllium husk powder dissolved in water during the day your fiber count for the day climbs to 25 which is right where you want to be okay well I hope this helps show you that eating a healthy balanced low-carb diet does not have to be elaborate or hard I encourage you to learn my zero one two three strategy it is the way you can keep fiber in your low carb diet and it will get you started toward healthy weight loss so I will leave the links here on the video thanks for watching if you are not already subscribed please click the subscribe button and I will be back soon with another video to help you reach your goal thanks you

  Top Comments:
  1. @aiahzohar5636 [7 likes]: I've done keto for years. No matter what, I have difficulty hitting the fiber I need to be regular and feel good. I'm a petite woman but still feel better with AT LEAST 35g fiber/day. There's no way I can limit carbs to 25g/day and do that. Supplements (psillium husk...) also don't "do it" for me. So I've had to massively pump up my fibrous vegetables servings per day (15+), including leafy green salads. At lest with lots of fresh vegetables, I don't get hungry between meals. 

Also, when traveling abroad in developing countries, it's hard for me to stick to very low carb. But I can usually compromise with lots of fibrous vegetables like cabbage... I guess I'm just not built for super-low carb diets.
  2. @beckygillaspy [3 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  3. @mimachka [2 likes]: You got to 21g because of the avocado which is 13g. If we take it out it will be very hard to get to 21g.
  4. @deborahhopper1070 [1 likes]: A good way to add more fiber with Non starchy vegetables, thank you.
  5. @yamama11234: inulin good ??  15g. a day ?
  6. @saberabegum9202: Thank you so much very helpful for you have any individual recepies playlist for good recepies if yes please share the link dear
  7. @Arcadia61: Well, all I can say is, I've been on a carnivore diet for eight months during which time I've consumed zero grams of fibre and guess what, I've never felt better.  Blood pressure down, joint pain gone,  Bowel movements clean and easy though not daily since there's so little waste.  People who have been years on no fibre and have had their biome checked have found only good and diverse bacteria present.
  8. @RayleighCriterion: Untrue, fiber is completely unnecessary and in a study done on fiber, only those on a zero fiber diet had no issue and were never constipated, but the fiber people were constipated. The video is Dr Paul Mason on the Low Carb Down Under channel and the video is From fibre to the microbiome
  9. @1ACL: If one is a vegetarian,  how to get protein without carbs???
  10. @hawktchr8: Doesn’t work if you’re staying under 25 grams of carbs daily :( I’m struggling (and I realize this is 5 years old) to find fiber and low carb going together.
  11. @mbbeautea6986: If you boost your fiber from low to high, another really important piece is making sure you stay hydrated. Drink some room temperature water 1st thing in the morning & try adding a tbsp of ACV (apple cider vinegar) with it. Really good for your gut & will help regulate your blood sugar throughout the day. 16-32 oz of water before your morning coffee, it really helps start your day right. Psyllium husk: drink it as fast as you can!! 😂
  12. @nathans5755: Thanks but how do we get to 38
  13. @Esopusfloater: Where is the psyllium recommendation? How to get enough fat if you don’t eat meat and dairy?
  14. @rochellegarcia4849: ao the avocado has so much fiber!
  15. @gloria9307: Thank you so much for this! I just hired a dietician to come up with a low carb diet with at least 25 grams of fiber and they said it couldn't be done!😳
  16. @philais: Fiber is not essential
  17. @debstayblessed9549: Distinguish between soluble and insoluble fiber. Please and thank you.
  18. @squareheadjack1918: Who cares about fiber? Stop pretending it’s healthy. It’s unnecessary.
  19. @dmcalister4505: Can you just pound down 5-6 tsps of psyllium husk?
  20. @jimivey6462: Jerry Mathers offers advice on increasing fiber in your diet. Check out his YouTube channel LEAVE IT TO BEAVER.

- LOW CARB DIETS क्या खाये क्या न खाये || LOW CARB DIETS WHAT TO EAT AND WHAT TO AVOID: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Good morning friends, I am Dr. Vik Mishra from Jharkhand. If you want to reduce your carbohydrates, you need to reduce your carbohydrates in your diet. This means you need to go on a low-carbohydrate diet. Today, we will discuss what you should eat and avoid on a low-carbohydrate diet. No, if we look carefully, there are varieties available, and sometimes even more of them, but if you keep the basic principles in mind, things become quite simple. Number one, if we look at the basic principles, you need to reduce carbohydrates, increase your intake of lean protein, increase healthy fats, and increase vegetables. So, these are four things. This means reduce carbohydrates, limit protein, increase healthy fats, and increase vegetables in your diet. If you do this, you will experience three benefits: number one, your weight loss process will speed up, and your weight will start reducing. Number two, if you feel hungry again and again, quickly, which is why There is a rush to eat more and more, that will always reduce. And the number three answer is, if you follow this kind of diet, the building inside the stomach will stay for a longer time, so naturally, your hunger will reduce. No, if we look carefully, it is not that carbohydrates are your enemy. Carbohydrates are food components in your body which are required for the proper functioning of the body. This is true. When you eat carbohydrates, what ultimately happens is that when you eat, carbohydrates from the mouth reach your small intestine. The enzymes present in this main, break down these carbohydrates and when they break them down, they convert them into simple sugar, particularly glucose. So, it gets converted into glucose and as soon as this glucose gets converted into simple sugar, it actually gets absorbed and goes into your blood vessels, particularly into the portal blood and from here it has the power to go throughout the body through the blood vessels or through the bloodstream. It circulates in your entire body, which means you ate carbohydrates, your liver digested them, after digesting them it broke them down to form glucose, the glucose went into your blood and passed through the liver to your entire body, when your body needs energy, then these glucose molecules present in your blood actually do it, and in this process it needs insulin, it cannot do it without insulin, it does it, there will be a condition that the amount of glucose in your blood is high, insulin is also available, but your body is not able to retire the energy or it is not able to retire that much glucose, if there is such a situation that the utilization of the excess supply is low, then ultimately what will happen is that glucose is in the form of glycogen in your liver and your body will get collected in it, it will get stored, you should understand that it has been reserved, once the reserve is done, then ultimately what will happen is that when there is such an emergency or you need glucose and the level of glucose in your blood is not that much So, this stored material will break down into glycogen, and after the glycogen breakdown, glucose will be formed and released into your bloodstream, and the blood will then process it. Your body will utilize it. However, this type of carbohydrate, or glycogen, or carbohydrate that is broken down for a long time and remains unused, is not utilized. The body ultimately converts it into fat, and this leads to obesity. Therefore, a low- carbohydrate diet is sometimes considered a baseline diet for weight loss or obesity, which is not necessary. Or, you should count your calories exactly, that you have to eat only this much, that is how many grams of carbohydrates you have to eat. This is not necessary. You should eat whole foods that nourish you, that keep you full, that keep you and your stomach full. Therefore, weight loss through a low- carbohydrate diet is a very effective measure; it also reduces your appetite. You need to understand this truth. If you go on a low carbohydrate diet, it is absolutely true that you eat fewer calories and you don't feel hungry as much. So, you are eating fewer calories and your hunger is also reduced. This is a benefit. Therefore, the protein you eat, the fat you eat in place of carbohydrates, keeps you full and keeps you satiated for a longer time, so you don't feel hungry again and again. If you follow a smart diet, then it is scientific that in the first 6 months, your weight reduces very rapidly. Maintaining this weight loss becomes quite stable and you are able to increase it. Now, you should carefully look at the low carbohydrate diet. The basic principle of what you should eat and what you should not eat is to eat protein rich foods. When I talk about protein rich foods, I talk about lean protein. When I talk about lean protein, I talk about chicken. I talk about soybean. Or if there are meats in which all those have been separated, then those mixes can also be included in it. Apart from this, all those things which are mono- and multi-protein. Unsaturated fats are healthy fats, and you need to consume them too. Where can you get them? You can find them in nuts. Whether you eat walnuts, almonds, or Brazil nuts, you get a good amount of poly and monounsaturated fats in all of these. These fall under the category of health deficiencies. All such seeds, like pumpkin seeds and sunflowers, actually provide you with similar healthy fats. Avocado, which is available today, is a very good source of healthy fats. Utilize it. Olives or olive oil are also good sources. Fish, particularly, actually provides you with omega-3 fatty acids and lots of mono and polyunsaturated fats, which provide you benefits. So, you have taken protein and you have reduced carbohydrates. If you are talking about meat, then you should take chicken, you can eat it. You have provided it perfectly and you have separated it. Its feeling remains satisfied for a long time. The satiety lasts for a long time and it has the power to satisfy your hunger. Similarly, fish or sea food like salman, mackerel, prout, sadai, these are varieties of fish. If you eat them, then the healthy fats in them are in very good quantity. They contain omega three in good quantity. When both of these are in good quantity, then you feel less hungry and you remain full for a longer time. You know all these things help your body a lot. You have the power to help them. Like these, you need to look at them very carefully. Whatever you have to do, you need to do it. These are heavy in protein. You get 6 grams of protein in one egg. These are rich in fats. They contain a good amount of fat and you get omega three in them. So you should utilize them. No dear, there are certain areas which you need to look at carefully. These food items you should totally avoid. What should be done, no, what needs to be avoided, sugar needs to be avoided 100% and when you look towards avoiding sugar, then look with open eyes at which items are there in which sugar is hidden, you eat chocolate, sugar is hidden in it, you eat ice cream, sugar is hidden in it, you drink soda, fruit juice, cold drinks, sugar churro is hidden in it, all the breakfast cereals that you eat in the morning, these flakes that you eat normally, sugar is hidden in all of them, all the sweets that you eat in breakfast, jalebi, Vikram unkate, Imarti are the ultimate powerhouses of sugar, sugar is heavy in them, the cakes that you eat, pastries that you eat, candies, sugar is heavy in all of them, these need to be stopped 100%, in whatever you eat, check once whether it is written on the packet, if there is added sugar, then it needs to be separated, you bring fruit juice from the market, you buy packet juice, it is written added sugar, then it needs to be separated You need to avoid a lot of artificial sugars as well. Note that starches are actually complex carbohydrates which are needed by the body, but even in these, you need to look at some things very carefully. If you look carefully, you will find two types of complex carbohydrates. One, you will find complex carbohydrates. Actually, you need to differentiate them. All the breakfast cereals are refined carbohydrates. White rice is actually a refined carbohydrate. It is recommended brown rice, wheat, whole wheat, date is fine, but if you eat refined flour, it comes in the refined carbohydrate category. So whole wheat bread is recommended and moderate amount. But if you eat desi parathas, desi puris, katora made from maida, all these are things which are made from refined flour and refined actually takes away all the benefits of whatever is close to you. Similarly, barley is also in the same category. It comes from some such items whose quantity you need to reduce a lot. Speaking of idli, you need to stop it. White bread or pasta, these also need to be reduced a lot or need to be stopped. So if you understand the basic food items, you will be able to understand what simple sugars are. They need to be completely eliminated. Complex carbohydrates need to be kept in moderation. Carbohydrates that are refined carbohydrates need to be stopped. On an average, the diet that you take does not need to be made a high carbohydrate diet. You need to take a low carbohydrate diet. So, for such a beginner, I would advise you that you actually have to take a step forward. You have to reduce the carbohydrates in your I min diet. Then you have to completely eliminate simple sugars from it. Complex carbohydrates have to be moderated. Refined carbohydrates have to be completely eliminated. Overall, when you eat all the food, you need to reduce the overall carbohydrates. If you will be able to understand the basic SP principle, then your The meaning of low carbohydrate will be increased and if it is increased then your weight will be maintained and if your weight is maintained then your central obesity will automatically reduce gradually. If this video helps in understanding low carbohydrate then definitely share it. I am Dr. Vik Mishra from Gastro Liver Hospital, Soup, Kanpur. Thank you very much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @akadvaitbodh [3 likes]: Sir aap deadbody khnane ko jayada bol rahe ho.
  2. @neelamkhan4711: I have pcod, weight is 81 kg, weight loss ke liye boiled eggs khati hun to menstrual cycle 15-20 days long ho jati hai 😢, what should I do?
  3. @mihirmohanta8797: Dr shab this video for Muslim only
  4. @manishparekh8667: What she'll we eat with out salt
Can suggest for breakfast 
Lunch
N
 Dinner
  5. @koushikbagfitcoach: ❤
  6. @Latesh_pal: Time waste, vegetarian, ka kuch bataya hi nhi
  7. @rediff9819: Very informative and comprehensive.
  8. @Kumari-f8m: Planet Ayurveda Pitta Balance Capsule helps maintain inner cooling and comfort.
  9. @ShaguSin: 6:0
  10. @rekhavyas1661: Vegitarian ke liye boliye sir plz
  11. @SumanSingh-cy1fl: Dr सहाब क्या milk diabtic  ko lena चाहिए  plz bataye
  12. @soham_art-j7u: sir complex carbohydrates kam karana chiye ya nahi
  13. @blazingstars3579: Sir . Aapne vagitariya S k bare Mai to kya khaye
  14. @InSafeHands_100: ओट्स कैसे हैं sir?
Low carb hain ?
  15. @SeemaYadav-vr2uf: Pls make lo carbs in take vegetarian foods 😊
  16. @Gt_650couple: Thank you sir great information ❤️
  17. @pradeepkumarsrivastava487: सर मुझे फैटी लिवर ग्रेड 2 है और fibroscan टेस्ट में फैट 30% से ज्यादा है ऐसी स्तिथि में क्या मैं अंडा खा सकता हूँ 
Pl reply Sir
  18. @KeshavKataria-j7d: The herbal ingredients in Spasmoplan Capsules from Planet Ayurveda work synergistically to ease tension in the body.
  19. @abdullahkhattak3880: Kesi qesam ka juice nahi pena chaheye😊
  20. @Thepkclub01: Sir you and dr. Education are the gem of youtube industry to provide scientific deliberations

- Which carbs boost energy, support your gut, and reduce overeating | Prof. Tim Spector: Kind: captions Language: en Sugar is irresistible for most of us and they're not just maple syrup or Coca-Cola, but actually bread and potatoes are also sugar. It's not only increasing your risk of obesity and metabolic problems, but their impact on our brain. What happens if I cut sugar for a week, for example? Professor Tim Spectre has written three books debunking diet culture and runs the world's largest nutrition science study here at Zoey. He's one of the world's top 100 most cited scientists, a professor of epidemiology, and my scientific co-founder here at Zoey. If you're having some white rice, you're having a pasta, they're all starchy carbs, which converts very quickly into sugar gives you a sugar spike in your blood. And people who have these big spikes. They're consistently hungrier than people that don't. And then most people think, "I'm not having any carbs. They're all deadly." Well, that's not true. What are the good carbs that you eat? Those that contain fibers that is slightly harder to digest. If you have 5 g of extra fiber every day, that will reduce your risk of heart disease and early death by 14%. It's pretty mad, isn't it? I mean, that's a lot. Correct. If a food item has a multi-grain label, does that mean it's a healthy carb? Sadly not. When is the best time of day to eat carbs? Great question. Welcome to Zoey Science and Nutrition, where worldleading scientists explain how their research can improve your health. [Music] Tim, thank you for joining me today. What a pleasure. So, I don't think I really need to explain the rules to you, Tim. We are, as always, going to start with our rapid fire questions from our listeners. Are you ready to go? Hit me. All right. Are all carbohydrates bad for us? No. Do we eat too many bad carbohydrates? Yes. Is a low carb diet a healthy choice for everyone? No. Could pairing your carb with another food make it healthier? Absolutely. Is there a time of day that's better for eating carbs? For some people. And finally, what's the most common misconception about I think most people believe that all carbs are bad. And that's absolutely not true. Some of them that contain fiber are the most essential foods we can eat. Well, I think that's hopefully what we're going to do today. And I'll be honest, I find the topic of carbs quite confusing. When I say the word, I was thinking about this as I was coming in this morning. I immediately think of this freshly baked loaf of bread, right? I could smell it. Smells amazing. And then the delicious taste. And then unfortunately, Tim, you've ruined it for me because I now know that it's followed by my blood sugar jumping through the roof uh over the next couple of hours. And at that point, suddenly I'm feeling tired and hungry or hangry as my family would say. But Tim, you've also told me that carbs aren't just bread and potatoes. So, what is a carb and what is it that can make it unhealthy? Well, a carb is a macronutrient. So, in in the sort of the old school world that we used to know, you there were everything was divided into these three groups of proteins, fats, and carbs. And most of the things we eat are mixtures of those rather than one thing. You don't actually eat a carb. You eat a a plant. And that plant will have different amounts of proteins, fats, and carbs in it. And within the carbs, it's going to have different types of carbs in it. And some of the foods we eat, which you say, "Oh, that's a carby food like say bread is also going to have uh some protein in it and a little bit of fat in it." So we tend to massively oversimplify, but that's what we've done in the past, mainly through ignorance. And the food companies have liked it that way because it's made it very easy to to sell products to us. Now I think we need to break down carbs into what they are which they are essentially sugars that are either very simple sort of moderately simple and really complex and and long and hard to break down. So the the simple sugars like your sucrose you know your table sugar is a very simple uh carbohydrate. It's a very simple sugar. It means it only has a few bonds, easily broken down and used by your body as energy. Then you've got the starches which are slightly more complex storage forms of sugar which are joined together by bonds which can be broken down by other enzymes in your body. And every plant has these starches and we're designed to do them. So they they break it down into simple sugars which are then released. Just takes a little bit longer. And then you've got the really complicated long sugars all joined together with lots of tight bonds that are called fibers. And these are sometimes really impossible to break down uh in in the body and only by the gut microbes sometimes rather than ourselves and they pass through the body. So you've got this complexity all the way from simple to very long and complex with very different effects on the body. So most people think of carbs as only the sort of sugary end ones. They forget that a lot of the healthy carbs are these complicated fibers at the other end. So they throw the baby out with a bath water and say, "I'm not having any carbs. It's all rubbish. They're all deadly." Well, that's not true. And could you give me some examples of what those like simple and starchy carbs are? Well, a simple carb is like table sugar. It's like uh honey, uh maple syrup, these things, you know, there's nothing. It's just there just you and the sugar, right? Coca-Cola because it's got added sugars to it. So, the sodas, they're having um essentially table sugar or uh fructose high fructose corn syrup, which is the sugars extracted from corn, which is virtually identical to table sugar, just a slightly different ratio. Again, a really simple sugar. So these ones give you that instant taste in the mouth. Um an example of a of a starch uh which is like this middle grade is when you might eat a cheese biscuit or cracker and you put it in your mouth and it's uh savory. You don't taste any sugar. If you keep it in your mouth, your enzymes in your saliva will break it down. That starch will become into these simple sugars. And after it's been in your mouth about 30 seconds, it will turn sweet. Let me get that straight. You're saying that I might have this cracker like it's not a sugar, but within 30 seconds of being in my mouth actually just like the saliva in my mouth has broken that down and turned it into sugar. That's right. Yes. And the same thing is if you're having some white rice or you're having a pasta or you're having a potato. They're all starchy carbs which uh are transformed fairly rapidly into sugars, but they're not sugar when they start. So it takes a little bit of work for our body to break them down. But often that's done really just in with our saliva in the early stages of digestion. It doesn't take that much. This is one of the things that most shocked me when I started doing Zoe with you, Tim, because I'd always thought of rice as being this really healthy thing that, you know, you had with sushi and that was so healthy or you had it with some sort of Asian meal and this was like much better than the food that I grown up with. And so I was completely shocked by this story that actually basically it turned into sugar almost immediately. Is that really what happens? Yes, unfortunately it is. what you think is the more synthetic rices like these par so-called parboiled rices or the Uncle Ben style rice actually happen slightly slower because it's precooked uh it's been cooked in two stages but most rice particularly the sticky rices are really sugars and that's why in Japan you get these uh most of their candies are made out of uh the sticky rice and it is known for its sweetness so yes white rice is a fantastic example of a very starchy food that converts very quickly into sugar, gives you a sugar spike in your blood and will have those consequences. And we used to think it was healthy. I agree. And you know, before I got into this um that's exactly what I thought as well. And Tim, could you explain a little bit what makes it unhealthy? So you've described the way that you know either you're just literally eating something with sugar in it or you're eating one of these starches and you're saying it turns into sugar fast. What goes on that makes that then unhealthy for us? It's the way we react to the sugar rather than necessarily the sugar itself which is bad cuz you know our ancestors were you know seeking out honey and other things uh with great relish. So when you have a a sugary drink or a soda or some a bowl of rice, white bread, you will see after about 30 minutes a sugar spike in your blood. So your blood glucose levels will be going up very fast. And you can see these in these glucose monitors that anyone who's done Zoey will will know about. And it varies in people how long and how high those sugar spikes are. But that then triggers production of insulin by the body to drive it down. And this is actually causing effort to the body. So there's a metabolic effort in doing this. And if this is repeated a lot of the time it's I some people find it hard to keep these spikes down. They're very sensitive. And we found this in the Zoey study, if you remember a few years ago now, t-fold differences between people like you and I in how we respond to a standard meal of a cookie or or a muffin or whatever it is. So, everyone's very different, but the people who suffer get these really big sugar spikes that causes metabolic problems that is working the body really hard all the time. And we think this causes low-level inflammation and goes on to lead to metabolic disturbances, increased risk of diabetes, and all kinds of other consequences as well as short-term ones, which we also showed it can make you hungrier. So, that's the sort of real the catch 22 here is yeah, okay, you have your little sugary snack to relieve hunger. What does it do? Gives you a sugar spike. Maybe get a dip after it. You're even hungrier. So, you're eating more during the rest of the day. So long-term and short-term consequences of having sort of free sugars everywhere without real food to in a way to help mop it up. I have a favor to ask. 63% of people that watch this podcast haven't hit the subscribe button and 11% haven't yet hit the bell to turn notifications on. We want this podcast to reach as many people as possible as we continue our mission to improve the health of millions. So, if you've ever enjoyed this podcast, please hit the subscribe button and turn notifications on. Do not this small favor will really help. Thank you. Every time I hear this story, it always slightly blows my mind, Tim. It's this idea that like eating the food now might actually make me eat more food later. You know, it's exact opposite of how I was brought up. And I was thinking about this with my my wife, you know, this morning who has this very strong view that absolutely, you know, my daughter mustn't leave the house without having now had a good breakfast even when she's not very hungry because like, well, you know, how can she possibly, you know, go to school if she's not hungry? And I think about this idea that obviously don't want anyone to go to school hungry, but there is this weird thing that eating the wrong food as you're describing might actually make me hungry again in two hours time. And is this real science? Because it sounds crazy. Yeah, it sounds very weird and it's against everything we've been taught by our parents. Uh but it's absolutely true and we've shown this in our Zoey studies quite consistently that people who have these big spikes and the dips afterwards 3 hours later they're consistently hungrier than people that don't. and they will consistently overeat, you know, by about 10 to 20% uh over the day compared to people who aren't having those sugar spikes. So, it's it's now well known in in the scientific literature and it it's one of the big dangers of, you know, not worrying about sugars. You've mentioned, I think, a lot of metabolic diseases and inflammation. How does this tie into this epidemic of obesity that we've seen over the last sort of 40 50 years? Is this important or not really? I think it is very important because as we shifted away from fats to carbs and sugars and starches in particular and this was you know standard government health advice. We've been seeing increase in in obesity in heart disease and all those consequences and many studies have linked obesity to intake of these starchy carbohydrates and free sugars. So some of this is due to say sugary drinks, beverages, sodas etc. which can account for about a quarter of our sugar intakes. A quarter of our sugar intake can be from these sugar sweetened beverages, you know, so particularly more in children. So what we're doing is, you know, we thought we were sorting out uh your child's a bit hungry or thirsty, give them something. But actually, you're just making it worse by giving them this this this these high sugar intakes. So, and also sensitizing children to even more sweet tastes and seeking out even more uh unhealthy foods. So, I think part of it is is is the massive amounts of soda beverages we've been having that are sugarsw sweetened. The other is this real push uh by governments and health people and the food industry towards starchy foods uh rather than fats or fiber. And so what are if I was thinking about this on my plate, you know, you've mentioned white rice and you've mentioned these sort of sugary drinks. What are the other big sources of these sort of unhealthy starchy carbs that someone listening might be putting on on their plate? Well, we're surrounded by them really. You most of snack foods um are starchy carbs. your potato chips, Doritos, your Pringles, most of the breads that we're having are highly starch rich and very poor in fiber. And uh these are the staples really. So most people are eating potatoes, rice, bread every single day. And uh you only have to ask a a family doctor and say when you've got your patients with pre-diabetes or diabetes, what's their diet? It's nearly all potatoes, rice, and um toast. Uh you know, which they've been told was good because it's low fat. I think it's interesting because I think I was definitely brought up with a view, well, that sounds really I mean, a potato after all is sort of like a plant and it's taken out of the um soil. You feel like you're doing something really good. I mean, I used to uh eat quite a lot of boiled potatoes, and I didn't even really like them very much, but I felt, well, that's really healthy. And what you're saying is I could have eaten something really delicious that tasted sweet as I was eating it because I'd have got the same effect which is being turned into sugar in my stomach in just a few minutes anyway. Exactly. So it's it's all about how quickly is that sort of carbohydrate dissolved in your body? How quickly does it go? So there are even differences between types of potato. So you've got the worst which is your Do you like mashed potato Jonathan? Were you a big fan? Um, but you know there was there was there was these artificial one Smash which was powdered. That was the ultimate in the quick fix, you know. Is that right? You sort of get it instantaneously because it's been completely powdered. Yeah. There's nothing for you to break down. It's all done for you. So then you've got normal mashed potato. Then you got boiled potatoes. Um then you obviously got fried ones which are also easy. And probably the best ones, you know, are a small jacket potato where you're actually eating the skin and then at least you're getting some fiber there, it's slightly harder to break it down. But they're all on a continuum and generally uh the idea that potatoes are a healthy food for most people that's not true. I mean, they're very good source of nutrition, but in the modern world, I think we're probably eating too much of them. We're too reliant on those, you know, bread, potatoes, and and white rice. And to some extent pasta, although pasta has some other advantages. It's got more fiber in it. It's got more protein, etc. So, compared to rice. And why are we eating so much of these sorts of carbs? Is it just because they're the things that we like the taste of? I think it's a combination that they're comfort foods for many of us. I mean, white rice has a sort of health halo to it. And you look at every health cookbook generally, you know, particularly vegetarian and vegan ones, they've got beautiful pictures of steaming white rice that uh look very tempting. And uh I I think it comes from that, you know, you were saying earlier, you know, the smell of crusty bread. Uh you know, when you go into a restaurant and the first thing they serve you, I mean, it is irresistible uh for for most of us. And um just knowing that it should be a you know more of a a treat than a staple I think is really important. Um or you pick the right ones. You you're fussy about which ones you're going to have and when. Because I'm not saying you should never have these foods. I'm just saying that if you're having them on a regular basis and you're susceptible because not everyone is as susceptible then it's a problem. So everyone should know about it. And I think I've heard you talk a little bit about the role the food industry might have played in this. Yes. They're very keen to push these these products because you can make them very cheaply. You can create powders so that you know they can be added to things. Ready meals are instantly made with carbohydrates that store forever that you know you can add preservatives to and that keep you coming back for more. So what they like is the fact that the more you eat, the the hungrier you get and the more you want them. And you know there are examples in these carbohydrate snacks. My favorite is always uh Pringles, but you can cut the name out if you worrying about being sued. No, no, go on. What did What was Pringles claim? Well, they claim they're a potato snack, but actually it's made up of about four different plant extracts with, you know, rice and tapioca and uh and then they're molded to so basically they take the cheapest products they could use the dregs of that. They dry it all up and then they stick them back together. They glue them back together to look like a potato and then they slice it up in these nice these nice ways. And the average one has about 30 ingredients. Uh if you look at some of these the the back of pack which are flavorings, colorings, glues, emulsifiers to stick it together. And Tim, I seem to remember something like um once you pop, you just can't stop. Is that am I thinking right? That's right. And if anyone's done this a test, it is very hard to just have one of them. and they have they've been created with these addictive properties, but they're they're combining the carb with salt and some fats as well. So, they know that that combination produces bliss point. Very often when we're talking about, you know, uh how carbs are used in um big food, it's in combination with these other ingredients to give them that that perfect bliss point where your brain just lights up with uh dopamine and you know, you go, "Ah, you know, isn't that nice?" And it's a short hit, but you know, it doesn't last. That's crazy. is you get the hit, you feel good, then it falls away fast and therefore you need the next Pringle and the next Pringle in order to keep it going and then you finish the whole tube and that's it. Yeah. And you feel sick. That's amazing. So it's it's even faster than the description you were giving with the potatoes and the bread where I'm getting this big blood sugar spike and it feels really good as I'm eating it and then two to three hours later I'm really hungry and I'm having to go back again. Absolutely. Yes. Now I feel like you've done nothing but tell us how awful carbs are so far, Tim. But some carbs. some carbs. Jonathan, well, that's where I wanted to go because I know that your very highly cited research has helped reveal the connection between the food that we eat, our gut health, and like our overall well-being. How do we feel? And I know that within that, you've also talked about how carbs can be good. So, could you help us to understand now what is a good carb and why do we need it? Well, a good carb is something that has important nutrients without the downsides of too much free sugar that causes these these problems. So, that is slightly harder to digest, but is full of the things that plants give you because remember all carbs come from plants, not just u you know cans or or or containers. Uh so we've we're talking primarily about uh those that contain fibers and and polyphenols. Now we've talked a lot about fiber and polyphenols and basically the less processed that food is the more it's going to contain those uh two key elements which we think are really important for our health. And can you remind us just quickly what they are and above all why they're good for our health. So polyphenols are used to be called antioxidants and they are these thousands of chemicals that you find in plants natural defense chemicals that when uh you eat the relatively unprocessed plant you'll be getting the benefit of them which will go through if it's not immediately digested into your gut and your microbes will benefit from it. So they give you these really important heart benefits, anti-cancer benefits, u many other ones that we're just discovering. Then the other element is the fiber. So fibers are these long string of sugars that are really hard to break into their component parts and most of them pass uh as insoluble fibers throughout our body. A few get uh can be mixed in with water. And the key is these reach the lower part of our colon where our microbes feed on them and they can break them down and release all the nutrients and all the goodness from those fibers which help our immune system and make our our gut microbes flourish. And Tim, you were saying that when I was eating these like starchy foods, you know, I can start to it hits my bloodstream in just sort of 30 minutes. Just as a contrast, if I'm eating these sort of um less starchy foods with more fiber, how rapid is the process you're describing? Uh you probably won't see any uh change in your blood sugar level from having a huge bowl of of some fiber richch food. Uh whether it's uh you know your spinach or your kale or your lentils, your beans, you know, your nuts, whatever it is, or rye bread for example. So you you won't see a sugar spike because everything's happening much slower, much lower down. And it's about the speed of which these these carbs are being digested. So you've got sort of fast, medium, and slow. And this is really slow. And this is really what our body likes and it likes to take its time. And it turns out that when you're eating these these hard to digest foods, it fills you up more. So the total opposite to having those free sugars where you feel hungrier, these actually um make you feel fuller quicker. So you're less likely to eat fast, less likely to overeat. And that's part of the the reason that they're helpful as well as the the their impact on on our gut and our general health. Just to put this in context, if you have five grams of of extra fiber, which you know is actually just one tablespoon, one one scoop of our daily 30 mixture, for example, every day, that will reduce your risk of heart disease and early uh death by 14%. Five grams of extra fiber will reduce your risk of death by 14%. Correct? It's pretty mad, isn't it? I mean, that's a lot. It is. And when you think that we're supposed to be eating, you know, 30 grams of fiber um rough roughly each country has got its own slightly different levels. And we're generally most western countries are somewhere between 15 and 20 grams is what we're actually doing. Just an extra five grams can make such a really big difference to your health. It's probably one of the most important things we can all do so easily. So, I was thinking about your example between the two and I was thinking a little bit about um driving the car and you know when you've got sort of, you know, a teenage driver proving everything they're like slamming on the accelerator and slamming on the brake, you know, when the lights change and slamming on accelerator again. And that sounds a little bit like this blood sugar spiking up and down with these starchy foods. And then I guess what I'm I think your analogy is here is I'm eating these much more whole grain foods with a lot more fiber and it's sort of like I'm just steady the whole time. I'm not having to accelerate or break. And clearly if I keep doing that for 10 years, my car is going to be in much better shape than the person slamming it on and off. Is this a terrible analogy, Tim? No, I think it's uh pretty good actually. I think, you know, there's other things going on as well as this that are damaging your engine, but clearly your clutch is going to go pretty quickly if uh you know, you're you're using those gears unnecessarily. So, your body is is taking much more of a toll by having to deal with these glucose spikes than if you're not. That's that's absolutely evident. But there's also the big advantages going on in the gut microbiome, you know, of having all this food that many people are not getting uh in the US and the UK. Most people, I think you're describing mainly the carbs they're eating are bad carbs. So, they're like, I'm not going to eat any bread. I'm not going to eat any French fries or potatoes or rice, you know, or crackers or pizza or pasta. Like, I'm throwing it all out. I'm just not going to eat it. What goes on inside them? Well, for those people who are on a really crappy diet anyway, which is most of us, uh, they'll feel better. Okay? So, that's they'll say, "Well, I'm not." Because most of that food is going to be ultrarocessed food, low quality, low fiber. So, they won't be getting the sugar spikes. They will probably feel bit they've got more energy. Their mood might be lifted. But after a certain while, if they're having zero carbs, they're getting zero fiber, that's going to have some knock-on effects further down the line. So, this is the problem we we're facing with people who uh quite rightly want to change their diet and improve it and say, "Okay, you know, I'm eating too many bad carbs. Let's cut them all out and let's go to say a keto or a fatty diet." they will suffer the consequences further down the road. They'll feel better initially. But if you don't look after your gut microbes, they won't look after you. And this is what we see with people who are going on a fiber-free diet. And some people on a fiber-free diet by having carbs. So as well, you can do it both ways. If you're just a really a junk food diet with, you know, like, uh, I put my son on, you know, just the McDonald's diet, um, there's no fiber in that. So, actually, you're you're having the similar effects. So, I think it's really important for people to be mindful about what they're doing when they're cutting one group out. Okay, they should be saying, "Okay, let's just cut out the really, you know, the sugars, the starches, but I'm going to keep all the other good carbs in there." then their gut microbes won't suffer and they'll be fine. And some people I think will be saying, "Yeah, but I know that if you go on this keto diet, then you know in just a few weeks you lose all of this weight, so that must be really good for you." What would you say to them? I'd say you will feel better if you can cope with it. Again, we've seen big differences between people on how they support a really strict keto diet. For those who don't know, a keto diet is when you're getting around 70% of your total calories as fats. So, very little carbs in your diet at all. And you're using fats as a as a as a fuel source. And many people can't do this. They feel sick, nauseated. They can't those that can support it report feeling better for a definitely for a few weeks. they will lose weight but uh it's very hard to sustain it long term and so that initial weight loss usually uh goes back uh to where it was and so there's only a small percentage of people that can uh maintain it and they're very vocal on social media and I think you should realize they are a tiny minority and keto diets do have its place for people with uh type two diabetes uh who are trying to get off their meds. A few weeks of that can be the a good route out of your uh medication cycle. But as a long-term solution for most people, uh I don't recommend it. And it sounds like the key point is you're saying you need to be eating all of this stuff that supports your your gut bacteria. Correct. Long term, that's what you need. That's what's going to keep you healthy. That's what going to keep your immune system in place. That's going to fight the cancers. is it's going to help you fight aging, all these things. So, you need that armory there. So, don't give it all up for a few weeks of feeling slightly better. Gut health is health. Become a Zoey member and start listening to your gut with a comprehensive atome test kit and personalized nutrition program. Our personalized food scores change how you think about food for good. And photo food logging lets you instantly see how meals score for your body. You can't put a price on your health, but if you did, Zoe's worth it. Most of what we've been told about food is wrong. Listen to your gut and feel better in weeks. Become a Zoey member today. And Tim, we had a lot of questions from listeners about what would happen if they gave up sugar. Like, how would they feel and would they feel any different? Well, it all depends on where their starting point is. If they're someone who's having masses of sodas and fizzy drinks and they're having all these really starchy ultrarocessed foods and they decide to cut out the starch and the sugars from their diet, that means they wouldn't be getting these very large sugar spikes. Most of them will feel much better within a week of doing that because they'll be stopping these cycle of peaks and troughs. And I did this myself interestingly in the early days of Zoey. We had an experiment where about 10 of us took the early Zoey muffins and that's all we ate for 24 hours every four hours. These highly sugary muffins and my sugars were all over the place and I felt terrible. So when I stopped doing that I felt great. So I can understand how people, you know, would feel. And Tim, I just want to confirm this. You're saying that literally you were have doing this experiment was suddenly you were having much more sugar than you're used to. Your blood sugar was spiking up and collapsing and literally that same day you felt terrible. So it wasn't like oh you're going to get diabetes in 10 years. It literally affected how you felt your energy just like just everything that same day. That same day I had no energy. I was felt depressed. I was trying to write a chapter for my book. I couldn't concentrate and yeah it was it was a huge shock to me and that was the first time I I made this connection between your blood sugar levels and your your mental state about how it's not only you know your risk of obesity and metabolic problems but how it affects your your your your brain and and that really brought it home to me. Uh but also we you know we did find some people that it didn't affect that much again this personalized view of it. Some people are quite resistant to these sugar spikes. Others like me and you are really quite sensitive. So we will notice these big effects. But on average, most people will. And I think that to me doing this only this experiment is is interesting. I I think so the people who are asking this question, you know, what happens if I give up sugar? As long as you understand what sugars are now and you know that bread and and potatoes are also sugar, then it's worth doing an experiment just to see how you feel. And is this just because you know you've felt it yourself or is there actually like real science to support this impact on mood and and energy? No, there's increasing science to show this. And in fact, our own Zoey science has has has shown that uh one of the early effects of people adhering to the the Zoey program is mood and energy improving and we believe that is due a a lot to the reduction in the sugar spikes effect on the brain and and the mood. It's probably a combination of of of factors, but we think that is really important. So that's come up in all our studies, whether we're testing our prebiotic daily 30 or we're doing the Zoey program. Mood and energy changes are big and that's been shown also in other small clinical studies. And do you have to give it up completely? Because I heard you mention not just sugar there, but also like bread and rice. I mean, do you have to give all of that up 100% in order to get the benefits you're talking about? No, I don't think you need to do anything to such an extreme unless you're just doing an experiment for say a week for your own sake. And I think everyone should be experimenting a bit more with their with their food to see how they react. But long-term this has got to be sustainable. And this is very much the the Zoe philosophy that we want people to be on these diets for years and find out what suits them. So I still have sugar. I still have the occasional bit of honey, potato or rice, but you know, I try and find equivalents and swaps for my staples. So, I think it's about just realizing what the worst offenders are and trying to swap for something equally tasty but but healthier. I think actually this is a perfect time to switch over to to listener questions. We had so many questions. I just want to pick this one out first because it it seems like directly relevant, which is Tim, what are the good carbs that you eat? Well, I eat as much as I can find. So, so basically, you name it, I'm trying to eat it. But, you know, I I make my own sourdough bread and I make sure it's got plenty of rye in it. And if I find some nice German rye bread, that to me uh is a good carb because it's very hard to digest. So, it's very slow to break down that rye. I'll have pasta rather than rice. So, I still occasionally have uh traditional wheat pasta, but increasingly switching to uh whole grain, whole wheat pastas, which are better for me. And then you've got all these range of grains. So things like lentils, quinoa, bular wheat, pearl barley instead of rice. So they're sort of little ones that people don't often think about. I I certainly didn't think about those 10 years ago. So increasingly I I'm making these swaps as I'm trying to move away from the traditional staples and whole grains and beans. I've heard you mention these are sort of the the go-to things replacing the the rice and the potatoes and the bread. Yes. So we haven't mentioned legumes and beans but absolutely they're a source of uh you know fats as well. So again you know what's a carb source uh gives you the energy the you know you break down the sugars slowly but it's also got protein it's also got fiber. So legumes are yeah I I I can't get enough of those beans and lentils and in in every dish I I'm finding as well as the classical ones you know we haven't talked about the spinach and the kales and the whatever. So there there there goes without saying they're in there, but I think it's about the little swaps people can make to move away from the too easy to digest ones, the ones that give you those sugar spikes. I I have to say the thing that I found easiest uh is swapping regular pasta for whole grain pasta. And and I know it's really easy because my my daughter had a a playd date yesterday and I gave them pasta. We have whole grain pasta now in house. gave it to her uh her friend who's never had whole grain pasta before I think and she just ate it because you know has like cheese and whatever else and she's like delicious. So that one is so easy to make the change and I remember being like really oh that's a disgusting idea and I think within a week I was like oh it's completely normal. So I I found that very easy. Whereas I think other things are obviously harder, right? To re-engineer to eat less bread, for example, you have to really rethink the sorts of food. You can't just get us, you know, if you're just always eating a sandwich, then that doesn't really work as much. And so some things are harder and some things are easier to change. Definitely. Yes. I mean, so you've touched on on some of them. And and some of these areas are new. So the foods are evolving. So you might have tried, you know, whole wheat pasta 5 years ago, but the new ones are actually tasting better. Similarly with the chickpea pastas or the lentil pastas, you know, they're getting better all the time. They don't fall apart like they used to. Another question we had so much. When is the best time of day to eat carbs? Great question. The literature tells us that it's the mornings that are the best time uh that we metabolize better. So eating an identical uh carb meal, we have seem to have better control over it will bring those sugar levels down quicker, digest it faster than in the evening. Now the only caveat is those studies were generally done on young people, 20 year olds. And when we looked at the Zoey data, we found that really this time difference pretty much disappeared after the age of 50. So the advantages for young people may be less relevant because young people really apart from possibly mood changes aren't really going to suffer many metabolic changes from having these uh spikes. Whereas as you get older where it's more important, there seems to be more individual differences. So some people might be early, you know, better in the morning, some people might in the evening. So I I don't think there's a rule. And I think you should follow whatever practice suits you and is likely to be sustainable. And so that's why I still have most of my carbs in the evening because I I know it it doesn't affect me more than the morning. And it's it's when I'm hungrier. So my natural body tells me to do that. So listen to your body I think is the rule here. And don't just because some studies have shown in young people, you know, it is better. If you can eat in the morning, that's fine, but don't get obsessed with it. And you mentioned the the Zoey data here. Is this a big data set that helps to inform what you're saying? We've looked at thousands of people's uh data with Zoey who've done glucose monitors and clearly this this age effect and time of day is very different in young and old people. Next question. Does eating carbs with other foods at the same time affect blood sugar spikes? Absolutely. Yes. So what we're doing with if you eat it with other foods, you're essentially wrapping the the the sugars in other foods that are harder to digest. So whether they're fibers that they body can't break down or it's encased in fats uh is really important. So that's why the important of thinking about food in combination thinking about what's on your plate rather than any one ingredient is really important here. So uh mindful eating realizing that if you are going to have for example some bread you've got no other you've got no healthy bread but you're starving well just you have it with some cheese or try and and balance these things up so that or you know take it with some a handful of nuts to give you some extra fiber. These have been shown quite clearly to change the height of the sugar spikes which will then reduce the consequences. So, it's not a absolute cure all for everything, but it it will mitigate in a way uh that that sugar spike. So, you can start to balance it. And do you need to sort of soak the food in that fat? So, you know, I'm thinking cuz I sometimes feel like, oh, I've got that pasta, but as long as I pour loads of olive oil over it, like maybe it's just going to be like slower to to break down. Um, does it need to be like soaked in it or can I just have the two like one, you know, one mouthful and one of the other, but clearly it's hitting my stomach. It's not actually sort of encased. I think as long as it gets into your stomach, it will The stomach is like a washing machine where it churns it all up. So, I'm not a big fan of people saying, "Well, I'm going to uh have my fats 10 minutes before I have my carbs in order to get this this response." I believe that generally our stomach is able to sort these things out. So if we're eating them at the same time, this should solve that problem. So I'm a bit against this obsessional eating that you have to divide your meal into 10-minute intervals, having um your cheese before you have your and then your your salad and then your potatoes. I think that's going a bit too far because for most purposes, your stomach will treat it all the same. And does eating like a sort of refined carb with some other food, does that suddenly make it as good as eating a a sort of whole grain or unrefined carb in the first place? No, you can't uh put sprinkle on a turd. It's still going to be a sugar. You know, it may be in wolf's clothing, but uh once that clothing comes off, you see what it is. And it's always going to be better to have those whole grains because you've got the original nutrients of the carbohydrate, you know, the brown, the germ, all these things on the casing that big food takes away uh in those foods. We were talking about the good carbs, then they will still have them and you can't replace that just with a few food tablets or just a bit of cheese. I have to say my own personal experience when I was doing the first Z studies with you Tim was that I was wearing this blood sugar sensor and I ate a big pizza and obviously pizza's got lots of cheese on it right so there's lots of fat as well as this you know sort of bread underneath right which is carb and I think I had the biggest blood sugar spike in the entire two weeks from this big pizza went off the roof stayed high for so long then finally collapsed later and I know that I don't have very good blood sugar control but it did definitely make me feel that I wasn't going just be able to put a bit of cheese on like a piece of bread and magically not have any any blood sugar spike. And is that very unusual response that I had? Uh well, everyone's different, but there's plenty of people like you and we all respond differently to fats and sugars as we know. But I think it's a mistake to think that you can have unhealthy carbs like a massive pizza base and just smother it with all kinds of unhealthy fats and which might mask that sugar spike. But remember the fats, this is another podcast, but you know at 6 hours your your body's still trying to get rid of those fats in your body and can cause more problems than the sugar. So let's not uh swap one problem for another. You know, pizzas are fine. have them every now and again. Enjoy it as a as a treat. You know, maybe have your salad as your starter. Um, which does help um prime your your blood sugar, but um don't go too crazy on the extra fats. I think one of the things that this has done is just changed my mind to think about a lot of these things more like treats than as just sort of the oh you must eat this because this is your source of energy and you need to you know if you're not eating lots of bread before you go out in the morning then you know how could you possibly function in in the day but another question that came up surprisingly often does freezing your bread make it healthier great question and this is this whole question of what's called resistance starch. So bread is a good example, but it could be the question could be also be for pasta, could also be for rice. And it's it comes from these studies that showed that if you you cook uh these these products and then uh the next day you put them in the fridge then you reheat them that they could be healthier because in some way the uh starch the sugars have become more resistant to digestion. That's why they're called resistant starches. And so they actually became more like fiber. about 10 years ago when I first looked at it, this was more theoretical than real. But the last few years there have been a number of studies now showing quite consistently that you get a benefit on the amount of sugar that comes out of that food and the sugar spikes if you do this for for rice, for wheat, for um for pastas. And uh you know I I I was very skeptical but now I think actually it's quite reasonable. I'm not sure that I'd always want to be cooking everything 2 days in advance and leave it in the fridge, but it's sort of an extra reason to have those leftovers and do batch cooking uh for many people because it will slightly improve how much you know goes down to your gut and how much less less is released. So yeah, whether it long term it's a it's a it's a technique I I don't I don't know, but it's it's quite a fun thing to think about. I am thinking about bread, which uh my experience always when I've frozen and taken it out afterwards is it never tastes half as good as the bread before it went in the freezer. So, I can believe that it's been changed, but it seems like quite a hard hit on the on the taste in order to reduce your blood sugar a little. Yeah. No, I think um bread's a tricky one. I mean, and you may need to remember to maybe want to slice it first before you freeze it as well, but I mean I do freeze my sourdough interestingly. it still tastes good. Some studies have shown that actually blind tasting pasta and rice people report it tastes better on the on the on these blind experiments. So perhaps you know it it does change some other attributes of those foods that uh but you know often my takeaway tastes better the next day. I mean, I think that's most people. So, I think the pattern I definitely have often reheated and very happy with. It was the bread somehow. I do feel the bread out a freezer. Even blind taste, I think I could tell the difference. Yeah, it may depend on the quality of the breads. But, um, you know, extremely high fiber ones, it's probably fine. But the other ones, yeah, I agree. They don't taste as good to me either. Well, I've definitely never baked my own sourdough bread at home, Tim, so I'm not in your league, but I aspire to it. I think you already touched on this question actually which is about other starches. So what are the other sort of starchy foods other than bread that this could help with? The ones that have been tested are things like rice and pasta. And um it's a good thing really to if you do batch cooking, particularly if you are still keen on rice, and we we're not particularly keen on white rice at Zoey, but uh realize that some people are. Um the reheated version will perhaps give you 30% less of a sugar spike compared to the the fresh one. And it it probably works for most of these these types of foods that that are staples. Um but in general, um interesting, black rice, um wild rice isn't much better. Brown rice isn't much better than white rice. That's a common misconception. Really doesn't have that much fiber in it, uh or that much extra protein. So, um, yeah, go by all means go stick with white rice if you like it, but just maybe cut down the quantities and and how often you have it. Tim, if a food item has a multi-grain label, does that mean it's a healthy carb? Sadly, not. No. Um, that's disappointing. It is. Uh, they mean nothing. It's just a marketing technique. There are only a few terms that have any legal requirement for manufacturers to uh contain things and these are uh whole wheat and whole grain which are used differently in the US and the UK and Europe. So those ones mean that you do have to have the grain intact that they can't have stripped away the germ and the the brand and that you know you're getting something that's that's higher in fiber. um percentages vary. So they they're always uh trying to get away with as little as possible because it's it's more expensive to do this and it doesn't have a long shelf life. Things like this that uh big food doesn't like. Uh but multigrain, multi-ereal um means absolutely nothing. So, usually they've got a few sesame seeds on top and you think that bread looks healthy, but actually it's not. And this goes across all foods. Um, so ignore those those signs really. Um, look at the back of the pack. Look to see how much fiber is actually in it, how many grams of fiber. Uh, and it's per 100. So, it's percentage fiber you'll be getting when you look at the the back of those labels. And so what's the number that you would be looking at for fiber that would help to tell you this has moved to being like a good carb instead of one of these sort of refined bad carbs you've been talking about today? Um if you're getting like five grams of of of fiber per 100 grams or sort of 5% that's sort of a minimum to be looking at. But again, it's complicated because some foods you need to be looking at the ratio of the fiber to the starches and bread's a good example of that. You can have reasonable amount of fiber, but if you've got 10 times as much um sugars in it, it's not it's it's not going to work. So, I think it it's not as straightforward as that. So, start by looking at the fiber, but also say, well, look at the carbohydrate total. And you know a good a good bread will be something like a ratio of only four or five to one of carbs to fiber but most common breads are about 20 to one. Got it. So mainly like breads, rice, potatoes are going to have a lot less than that five grams that you're talking about. Yes. Much less. So if I am looking for a bread, you're saying like multi-grain just means they might have dropped a couple of other grains on top of it. So what is it that I am looking for to try and make me know that it is like a a higher quality bread? Yes. So multigrain, multi-erial stone ground mean nothing. They can just they can have 1% of it in that form and that's enough. Which is completely shocking. Yes. It's ridiculous. There's no real good regulations uh in the US or or in Europe about um uh about things like bread. But what you can look for is in the US whole wheat means it has to legally contain the whole um the kernel the the the brand the germ of the that wheat husk in in that product. And there's a certain minimum amount they have to have in it. In the UK, it's generally called whole meal. And apart from that, really, it's the wild west. And uh you you know, the key is to look on the the back of the pack and uh see what the amount of fiber is and the amount of carbs are. So, if it has those other parts that you mentioned, that's going to be healthier for me. Generally, yes. If you've got the whole part of the cereal in it, then it will be much healthier for you. They don't have to have any additives to it because what they're doing is when they in these cereals generally they're stripping away all the good stuff and they have to then put it back in as as as chemical vitamins and so that will be called you said whole meal or so in the UK the term is whole meal has a legal requirement and in the US whole wheat and everything else really um is just marketing and they can contain just small amounts of that and the basic product is unhealthy. And this was very interesting and you know gone through this big journey cuz anyone who goes to a supermarket surrounded by these labels and healthy looking things with seeds and multi sades and stone ground this and whatever but it and sadly it's all pretty meaningless. So Tim, if you are buying bread in the supermarket, how do you choose a good bread? I generally disregard the labels, look on the back of pack, see go for the one with the fewest ingredients and the highest uh ratio of fibers to carbohydrates. Brilliant. Thank you. I think that takes me on to uh another question from people who obviously are making things at home because we had a lot of questions about flour and lots of questions about whether alternative flowers we had quinoa flour, chickpea flour, almond flour amongst others, is that better than the traditional wheat flour, which you know I remember growing up from, you know, my grandmother would use to uh to bake something with. It depends. It sort of depends what you're using it for. Some of these ones will contain different ratios. So you might get more protein for example if you're um you're taking something from a legume like a a chickpea. Uh so it depends what you're trying to achieve uh uh in reversing it. So I don't think we should move away um from wheat flour necessarily but you want to be picking ones that are you know the whole flour. So these are the ones where you don't want it to be ultra refined. So it's more the amount of refinement that is important here. How much of that whole plant is still in that food? But I think increasingly using a diversity of different flowers is fine. Um but the more refined it is, the more chopped up it is, um the the least beneficial it's going to be for your health. And I think that that's in general. So the the crderer, more unrefined all of these are, I think, um the better. So you definitely prefer that I was using not like the white flour that I grew up with, but like whole wheat flour or wholemeal flour that has like all of the the grain of that wheat in it even if is that is that you're saying that's right. So that might be better than some of these refined alternative flowers that um you know still worth experimenting with for different purposes but um we you know there's been this big anti-gluten campaign and that's why sort of wheat got a bad name but I think we should be focusing on again the quality of those ones and going for the ones that do have you know the higher fiber higher protein protein counts within them and then go for taste and and what you you fancy eating. But I don't think we should give it all up just because uh you know of a particular you know worry about glutens in in 1% of the population. So you're not saying therefore that in general people should give up all wheat. You're saying if I think I understand rightly it's like the refinement of that where you throw away a lot of the comments. You're just getting left with sort of the starchy sugary bit which is the white flour which I have to say I love him. My quason pan of shakala does taste nice but you're saying it tastes nice cuz it's really sugary. Yes, exactly. That's right. You're just going that you know flavor bomb of sugar whereas you know if you're making pancake do you ever make pancakes? Yes. So if you swapped for buckwheat flour or spelt you'd be getting much less of the sugar more of the fiber. So in many instance there are swaps people can make uh that you can but generally you're swapping for something that is uh higher density more protein. Does it can it still taste nice? A buckwheat pancake definitely can. Yes. I love them. All right. We'll put the link to that in the show notes because I'm going to give that a try. That is just about within my culinary capability is a pancake. That's sort of the limit. So uh my kids expect pancakes from me uh from time to time at the weekend. I'd like to finish with a final question which I loved because it was so straightforward. Julie wrote into us and said, "If I want to improve my carb intake tomorrow, what's the easiest way to start?" Well, it depends what you're calling a carb. We're going back to our original question. So, um if you want to improve your good carb intake, which means um the ones towards the more fiber um elements, it would be to uh reduce your bad swap your the more starchy, more sugary carbs for the ones that have more fiber in it. And we've been discussing a lot of these and it's simple swap. So, go with the staples. Look at your staples of your Can you change your bread for something that's that's that's healthier? Can you change your pasta to a a whole wheat u pasta? Can you uh change your white rice to uh a quinoa um pearl barley? Something that's really high in fiber and high protein. So, it's looking at those those ones that make up the majority of what we're eating, plus reducing those carb snacks. So instead of your um savory snacks, your Doritos, your Pringles, you you have some nuts and seeds in instead. That that's if you want to the simple start starter, that's what I would do. And I think it's the staples, the ones that are the main ones. So for most people, coping changing their bread is probably the hardest thing they can do. So try and focus on that and find find a loaf that's healthier that you enjoy. Thank you, Tim. I think that's really clear. It's been a bit of a whistle stop tour across like a lot of ground today. I'm hoping we've answered a lot of questions for our listeners. I'm going to try and do a quick summary maybe just of the of the highlights that I took away from today. So, I think I start with your blood sugar spikes. It's like if you suddenly started spiking your blood sugar, it could actually affect your mood and energy in one day, which is really amazing because I was brought up with this idea that, you know, how you feel and what you're eating have nothing to do with each other. And so I think that is really remarkable and it's been one of I I think really eye opening idea that you could have that impact that fast. I also am thinking about the Pringles designed so that once you pop you just can't stop and that this is real and you're describing the ways in which you could see what's going on in your blood sugar that is actually happening to create this craving and make you want to continue. I think you then shocked, you know, definitely some of our listeners by saying that, you know, rice basically gets turned into sugar almost immediately and isn't healthy despite all the ways that um I think both of us were brought up to believe that it was and that actually, you know, potatoes and bread are very similar. They sort of high starchy food. They're getting turned into sugar very fast uh inside your body. But don't therefore be scared of carbs and suddenly say, "Well, I'm just not going to have any carbs. I'm just going to eat lots of fat and protein, but you said it's essential because it is all coming from plants and it's the food that feeds, you know, our gut microbes, those bacteria. And you shared, I think, the most amazing statistic. You said if uh if I was to add five grams more fiber into my diet, I would reduce my risk of death by 14%. So, that's a very small amount of fiber. It's like one teaspoon or something. and like this huge impact on death compared to everything else we talk about. So that that is remarkable. And then I think you switched a whole bunch of tips. Uh freeze your bread, put your pasta or your rice in the fridge and then take it out again and suddenly it's going to have uh lower sugar spikes. Re-examine what um what you're buying from the supermarket. You talked about breads and said like a lot of the labels are just tricks. You know, this sort of big food taking advantage of you. There's incredibly little regulation, you know, around the world, whether you're listening to this in the US or the UK, Europe, wherever. And what you're looking for is a sort of whole wheat or whole meal that has the whole kernel. Back to this idea of it being like the whole grain rather than just a bit that's refined. And if you see something like multigrain, which I always thought was that's great. I've got all of these grains, actually, you're just being tricked. So for you, you're saying really you need to turn the bread over, look at what's on the back, and you're looking for as few ingredients as possible, and you're looking for the amount of of fiber. And in general, I think you said, you know, fiber is above five grams in any of these foods. It's starting to be meaningful. That's like an easy indicator of this being a sort of a good carb rather than than a bad carb. And the ratio. Yes. And the ratio. The ratios. You've got to look at the carbs because sometimes you can have fiber but they put in so much sugar in there that it it so it's that ratio of the total carbs to total fiber. Got it. Because you say it might have five grams of fiber but it's got tons of like 80 grams of carbohydrate and some sugar. It's still not going to be good for you. Got it. So you got to watch out again for for how they played with this. And then finally you said Jonathan try swapping out those pancakes. Uh stop using the refined white flour and in fact try something different from wheat. try a buckwheat flour or a spelt pancake and I promise to try this and I will report back. Fantastic Tim. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Uh and I am sure we will continue the journey. Thank you. If you enjoyed this conversation with Tim, understand the truth about carbs in our diet, you won't want to miss this episode with Harvard professor Walter Willlet. He's the most cited nutritional scientist in the world and he explained which unhealthy carbs are increasing our risk of developing chronic diseases. I think you'll learn a lot from this episode. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lionel7133 [4 likes]: LIKE MOST PEOPLE IN THE CARIBBEAN  I'VE BEEN EATING RICE EVERY DAY OF MY LIFE FROM LIKE AGE 2 AND I'M NOW IN MY MID EIGHTIES AND  WEIGH THE SAME AS I DID AT 18 0R 19 WHICH IS 170 LBS. I'M 6'1.
  2. @kittyhawk8646 [1 likes]: Which carbs have more fibre?
  3. @kittyhawk8646 [1 likes]: Where to find steel cut oats?
  4. @heltonluisbaia2077 [1 likes]: Thanks
  5. @Rob-k9n6s [1 likes]: Very informative. Subscribed nand liked. 👍
  6. @Michael-4 [1 likes]: He's doing keto a disservice. I get more than 30g of fibre a day from berries, nuts, seeds and salads. I've been keto for over 10 years now and although restrictive it's probably the easiest diet to stay compliant. Please supply peer reviewed evidence that a well formed ketogenic diet is less likely to be sustained long term than the Zoe diet.
  7. @AndyJarman: Everyone knows spaghetti leftovers are better the next day!
  8. @elooze: 🔥🔥
  9. @TheWaveSon: Keto is not low in fiber necessarily, you can eat as much green leaves  and sprouts as you want
  10. @gaildharker4568: Excellent information in more depth than usual. So appreciated thank you
  11. @Jay-es1gn: Brown rice?! 😢 and colcannon mashed potato’s with the skin on?! I need something to work with lol
  12. @myopenmind527: Is a low carb diet a healthy choice for everyone? No!!

But definitely best diet to reverse fatty liver, insulin resistance, pre-diabetes and type II diabetes. 

People with the latter conditions are both addicted to carbs and being slowly poisoned by carbs in their diet. 

I you can’t eat even low glycemic foods without a prolonged glucose spike then ultra low carb is the only way to go and it is a healthy lifestyle.

Tim is not used to dealing with patients with profound glucose intolerance. 

He completely missed to nuisance require. 

Very sad and misleading.
  13. @arianadane8295: Some of the questions are like they are asked to educate a 9 year old and it was a bit repetitive. Otherwise the info was good.The comment that you can´t put sprinkles on a turd cracked me up though.😂😂😂 Where I´m from we say that you can´t put make up on pig.
  14. @NSBarnett: fairly cheap, fairly nice, not great for farms or farmers, supermarkets can thrive, kills you with cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's -- this is the western food situation. If we reduce sugar, increase fibre, reduce meat, increase sleep and exercise, we'd live longer; serve us right!
  15. @snutea7505: I lost 20 pounds in 4 months and my blood sugar level dropped drastically. My blood pressure gets better. Whole grain, such as barely, beans, black rice, millet, oats with fresh veggies and lean meats helped me. Not to mention fish, olive oil, good quality vinegar, homemade yogurt, natto and kimchi.
  16. @antoniangelov1738: carbs make you overeat not reduce it, period.
  17. @landerspolimis3690: Eat more fibre to remove fibre, doesn’t make any sense. The problem with professors is that they are too tight in the head and so predictable.
  18. @phillatella6470: Is idiot never heard of the blue zones
  19. @jankozak2984: Keto worked really well for me for weight loss. Had incredible results but required good amount of effort and willpower.
  20. @Bakiyam-b2v: Keto carnivore nothing wrks for me finally I decided to Follow my heart ❤️💛♥ eat fruits vegetables millet and eggs not oil any Animal I doing fasting meditation  feel high energy

- How to Eat to Lose Fat - For Women: Kind: captions Language: en This is the number one reason that you're not getting lean, seeing the definition, or the tone that you want. It is your nutrition. Now, these two scrambles are both made with whole foods, but plate A has 450 calories and 28 g of protein. This bigger plate over here has 350 calories and 42 g of protein. Now, one of these is going to make fat loss much easier. You're going to feel more full, eat more food, and actually see results. Live in Lita Loca. Today, I'm breaking it all down. Exactly how to build your meals for fat loss with real meal examples so you can start losing fat. Now, welcome. My name is Meline. I help thousands of women get insane transformations at home eating a ton of food. That's how we do it. Let's go. The first component that you need to prioritize while eating for fat loss is not just protein. It is lean protein. Now, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is lean protein? So foods are made up of carbs, fats, and protein. What makes something a lean protein source is that it has a little bit of carbs or none. Little bit of fats or none. And it is primarily a protein source. If you take 100 gram of it, the calories are mostly coming from protein. Let me show you an example to really hone this in. All right, we've got two foods that include protein. One cup of cooked lentils and 100 g of chicken breast. So, for one cup of cooked lentils, you get 18 g of protein, 40 g of carbs, bar no fat, and 230 calories. So, what does this mean? Here is the cup of lentils. To get the 18 g of protein, you have to also eat the 40 g of carbs. What does that mean? That's more calories. So, you have to spend 40 gram of carbs and more calories to get the 18 g of protein. Now, 100 g of chicken breast gives us 31 g of protein, no carbs, and 3.5 g of fat. So, here is our 100 g of chicken breast. We don't have to spend much on other macronutrients, spend more calories just so we can get the 31 g of protein. It's primarily protein. Now, why is it so important that you do prioritize protein especially while trying to lose fat? Well, number one, we are made of protein. Okay, fat loss are not your muscles, skin, hair, nails. We need protein to repair, rebuild. It's part of us. Number two is that protein is the most satiating or satisfying macronutrient that we can eat. Compared to carbs and fats, we feel more full, more satisfied, and less peckish when we eat protein. I mean, how often have you had a plain chicken breast and just binged and just overeat chicken breast? It's kind of infrequent. Number three, this is what is protecting your muscles while you are losing body fat, leaving you toned and lean with that definition that you want. Number four, little bonus tip is that out of proteins, carbs, and fats, your body burns the most amount of calories digesting protein. 30% roughly of the calories that you eat from a protein source are just used to digest the protein. So, little bonus, big bonus really. Okay, here's a list of the most kind of common lean protein sources. Chicken breast, turkey breast, lean cuts of steak, extra lean ground beef. That's at least 90% ground beef, 10% fat. I like to go at least 5% and above. So 955, you can ask your butcher. Egg whites, whey protein isolate, low-fat Greek yogurt or low-fat cottage cheese, shrimp, white fish like cod or halibit. There is certainly more options than here. What I would do if you want to see more of them is ask Chat GPT what are the top leanest sources of protein available and have a look there. Let's cook some food. All right. There are tons of different ways to get lean protein into your breakfast. I'm going to show you how to turn an egg scramble. That would be, let's say, two eggs, three eggs would be six to what's 6 + 6. What's 12? 12 + 6 18 g of protein into a 50 g of protein breakfast while keeping it low calorie so you can reach your fat loss goals. I'm going to start off with three pieces of turkey bacon. I'm going to slice them up and throw them on the pan. All right. Now, for our eggs, I'm going to do two whole eggs so that I get the nutrition and healthy fats from the yolk. And I'm going to add lean protein source number two, egg whites, to bring up the protein content, 150 g, and whisk. Now, I did actually just realize that I'd like some mushrooms in this, so I'm going to add mushrooms into the pan right now. Is it weird that I could just eat Mushrooms earthy. I love the texture. I can mix going in. Add your salt. Unless you're a virgin. Here's our eggs. And also, look at the portion. We're not here eating like no birds. I mean, I physically can. I I have a big appetite and I Okay, damn it. I need to eat a lot of food. Let's test it. Oh, hot damn. This is my jam. Now, you'll either love me or hate me for this one. I'm going to add another lean protein source just so I can really show you how to do this, but also for flavor. I'm very excited about this addition. You're going to top it with cottage cheese. You don't have to do this, but oh boy does it make me excited. So, it being a lean protein source means I can add a good dollop of it. It only increases the protein target without blowing the calorie bank. So, I'm going to put in 80 g on top. Just trust me with cottage cheese and hot eggs. Trust. I would not steer you wrong. The creamy, the salty. Okay, here we have it. So, let me just break this down for you so you know. So, an egg has six g of protein. So, say I wanted to just have three eggs today. I would have had 18 g of protein. Okay. By adding these lean protein sources, I'm having a low calorie, high protein breakfast. This breakfast is only it's under 400 calories and 50 g of protein. The turkey alone added 12 g of protein. The addition of the egg whites added 15 grams of protein. Easy. And the cottage cheese on top, which is a flavor freaking bomb. Well, it's not a flavor bomb on itself, but when you add it, just trust. 9.6 g of protein. Okay. Easy ways to bump it. This is going to taste like unbelievable. There you go. Easy breakfast for a calorie deficit. High protein. Yeah. Moving on to fats. Every time I hear the word fats, I still think about that era where we were all using like spray butter for less calories. It sends chills down my spine. Okay, your body needs good quality fats for hormone production, brain function, absorbing fat soluble vitamins, long lasting energy, healthy hair, skin, and nails. As soon as you go too low in fat, you're going to see negative impacts on your cycle, your hormones, all that kind of stuff that we really, really want to avoid if we want healthy fat loss. Now, not only is fat super important for just our health as women, but it aids in fat loss because it keeps us fuller for longer. It slows down digestion due to that stable impact on blood sugar. Just keeping us more level, cool, calm, and collected. You know what I'm saying? Less of like a snacky biot. I really tell you when I was really limiting fat or like the only fat I had was like from a tablespoon of peanut butter, I was a hangry [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] My hunger would come on like that and like I couldn't control myself around food. It was a bad time, girls. It was a really bad time. You can ask Will. It was ugly. Now, just because things are healthy for us doesn't mean we can't overeat them. Okay, fat is the most calorically dense macronutrient out of the three. Okay, so protein has four calories in a gram. carbohydrates has the exact same four calories in a gram. Imagine I'm holding a gram of a carb, a gram of a protein. It's very small, but it would be four calories. Now, for fats, it's more than double. One gram is nine calories. Now, that can make sense, right? A gram of a chicken breast, four. But a gram of olive oil, that is straight fats, it's much more calorie dense, nine calories. So, what does that mean volumewise? on your plate, your fat source is going to be the smallest because it's much more rich in calories. Now, if you are trying to lose fat, it doesn't mean you got to go no fat or low fat. You just need to measure and take account of the portion size because it is so easy to overeat, right? A little teaspoon here and there, boom, adds up really quick. But that's a very simple fix. You measure, use your scale, bada bing, bada boom. And honestly, when I have women that feel like they're eating really healthy, but they can't figure out why they're not losing fat, the extra calories are usually coming from fat just because they're almost they can be almost invisible. Say you have a piece of sourdough, little skim of butter, boom, it's like a skim, at least 50 calories, boom, half an avocado, 150 calories, and you just have the small amount of food, but the fats from avocado, butter, a little bit of olive oil in the pan, on your eggs, they add up so quick and you don't really see them. So, we just have to build awareness around it. Fats coming from real unprocessed sources are the ones to go for. Some of my favorites are extravirgin olive oil, avocado, cheese. Two of my favorites are parmesan or pecarino, raw cheeses, whole eggs. Eggs are half protein, half fat. The yolk is that amazing good quality fat. So, whole eggs, butter, grass-fed, even better. All right, to the kitchen. All right, I'm going to show you one of my favorite quick and easy low carb lunches at the moment. You don't even have to turn the stove on, you know, you just it's done in 5 seconds. Bought some nice organic greens as the base. I'm going to go in with some cottage cheese. Going in with my can of tuna. Easy peasy lemon squeezy. And now let's add our fat source. So, I'm going to show you how easy it is. The calories add up with fat. Okay, so starting off with half of like a smallalish medium avocado. Will always gets really annoyed that I don't like do it nicely in the eye with like the slices. I just kind of raw dog it like this. My presentations aren't that nice, fam. It all tastes the same, though. 57 g. It's really not all that much. This is kind of a small avocado. 103 calories. So, we don't want to cut these foods out, but we want to be aware so that we can keep calories in control. Now, let me show you how I finish this. Little bit of salt, little bit of pepper or lots of pepper. I really like pepper with tuna. You can do any hot sauce, but I really like a Sriracha. Look at that. Okay. So, the gold is when you mush it around. You got to like mush it. Everything's got to be mushy. If you come over to my house and I'm cooking for you, we are eating mush. Okay. I love it. So, that's a simple, easy lunch. But just to show you how easy it is, say you wanted to add some olive oil as the dressing as well. These are easily 100 here, 100 there. Um, you're eating healthy things, but they're calorie dense, so you just need to be aware so that you can lose the fat. Oh my god. Mhm. Mhm. Now, moving on to carbs. Your body's first and preferred source of energy. Carbs are broken down into glucose in your body, which is your body's primary fuel. It goes there first before it taps into fat for fuel. Now, you might think, "Oh, okay. Well, I'm not going to eat any carbs. I want my body to burn fat for fuel, so I'll just cut out carbs." It's not as simple as that. Just because your body is using fat for fuel, doesn't mean you are losing fat. If you are eating enough calories to maintain your current body weight, you're eating at maintenance, you're not going to be burning fat. Whether you're eating a ton of carbs or no carbs at all, it comes down to the calories. So, I like to choose 99% of my carb intake coming from whole food sources. What does that look like? So, some sources include berries, squash, potatoes, honey, oats, rice, real sourdough. sourdough that only has, you know, three to four ingredients, not some 57 ingredient one from the store. As opposed to eating refined versions like cereal, tortillas, your white store-bought bread, chips, crackers, candy, whole foods come with fiber, water, nutrients that slows down digestion, obviously fuels us properly, and keeps us much more satisfied after we eat them. Whereas refined versions have been stripped of their natural fiber. Even if fiber has been then added back in, it's not the same. Super easy to overeat and they don't keep you as full. Real talk chicks. I just like to eat close to the earth, close to its natural form. Choosing real food 99% of the time. If it's got a big ingredient label with preservatives and gums and who knows what, I just don't typically eat it. I feel much better having my carbs come from natural sources like this. P.S. I'm absolutely not perfect. Yes, I eat my Nonas, fetachccini, biscotti, you freaking name it. But 99% of the time, my diet at home, this is what I'm eating, and my energy and my digestion feel better for it. Now, you absolutely don't need to eat carbs at every single meal. You just need to get them in at some point of the day. What I like to do is allocate most of my carbohydrates until later on slash afternoon slash dinner time. Why? Focusing on proteins and fats during the day and keeping it relatively low carb keeps me more satisfied. That's because proteins and fats have a stable impact on blood sugar. And that's why myself and many of my clients have found a lot of success in feeling more full and taking away a lot of calories because they're not hungry because they're starting the day with proteins and fats. That might look like my Matty Patties, extra lean ground beef with some eggs or some sort of variety like that. All right, let's go to the kitchen. Welcome to dinner time. I wanted to show you two sources of carbohydrates, how I'm going to use one of them in my dinner tonight. Now, I eat both. I'm not restricted on any foods, but I just want to show you because there are differences. So, these look the same amount of food, right? This is sweet potato and this is squash. This is one of the reasons that I do love squash, although I eat both. This squash here takes up the same amount of volume is 185 calories. This bunch of sweet potatoes here 369 calories. So just know just know that there's difference in the value of these foods. I eat both. You sometimes this is better if you're really really hungry, you want to eat big portions, you have a big appetite like me, this is going to be more helpful sometimes, but sometimes it's not going to be filling enough because the calories are from good quality nutrients in the sweet potato. So you don't want to never eat sweet potato because there's value in that as well. So just so you know, there are differences. Choose your carbs wisely. So, I'm going to show you a bowl that I'm going to have tonight. This is going to be fire. Okay, base is going to be just some fresh organic mixed greens. I like to load them. Now, I'm going to put a little bit of the sauce in now so that it's not all just dry greens on the bottom. I have made a dressing for my mom and I tonight that is 0% Greek yogurt, lemon, parmesan, garlic, salt. So, I'm going to drizzle a little bit here. It tastes amaz Oh my gosh, you guys. Just going to drizzle a little bit now. Okay, give it a quick little mix just so that the leaves are moist. I'm going to add some of my squash here. I'm going to be having this whole thing of squash here. Okay, now I'm going to add my beef. It's kind of nice to layer it so that it's not just like everything's on the top. So, I've got just my extra lean ground beef. And now I'll top it up with more squash. Does she eat bowls? the size of a bowling ball. Yes. Okay. Now, more sauce. M. It's like cheesy, like a Caesar, you guys. And then you're just going to mix this around. And that is my dinner. So, for tonight, these are my sources of carbohydrates. I'm having kaboka squash, I believe it is. And I like adding it to bowls like this. And that is my favorite way to eat squash and potatoes. Now, you do not need more rules. You do not need a new specific diet. You need more real food. I promise once you start eating this way, you get rid of either it's the 57 ingredient protein bars that you're addicted to, or you feel really limited and you're eating egg whites and rice cakes, or you feel like you can't put down the salt and vinegar chips. I promise if you allow your taste buds to adjust to eating whole foods, get rid of the processed crap, you're going to feel more full, less snacky, your skin's going to look better. You're going to feel more energized. Your digestion is probably going to feel smoother. I don't know how we've been steered wrong, but fat loss should be about honing in on your health. And if your fat loss plan doesn't do that, I suggest you find something new. Getting the body that you truly desire does not have to come with fake [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] diet food. That's just a trap that we've we've all been sucked into, girlfriend. Trust me, I've been there. I mean, I truly used to think that the only way for me to get my dream body and get abs was to eat confetti birthday cake protein bars and sugar-free maple syrup. And what happened? I was a hungry, bloated [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But more importantly, I invite you to raise your standards for what you put in your body. Are you a garbage bin? Were you put on this earth to eat processed junk? Even though you can get lean eating Twinkies and candy, is that the right way to do it? Is that what we were put on this earth to do? I believe we should really treat our body like we only have one. We don't get another chance ever. Is it not the greatest gift to be on this planet with an able body? Why not nourish it and give it what it needs to thrive instead of taking it for granted? If this was helpful, I would be so grateful if you subscribed. I have plenty more videos to help you achieve your dream body in the healthiest way possible coming your way. And if you'd like a complete nutrition and workout plan along with access to the best online fitness community ever, link in the description to become a member of my app, Studio Era. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @madelainerascan [33 likes]: Lose fat with me. It’s free to try: https://www.studioera.co/fat-loss-program-trial
  2. @deborahlabbe3492: I didn’t grow up eating any squash, but finally just tried the kabocha squash today and I like it!
  3. @lysthelion: I hit subscribe as soon as you said "snacky bee-otch" and "hangry bitch." 😂
Great video, thank you!
  4. @AlyNada05: If 100g of chicken breast has 31g protein and 3.5g of fat, then what are the 65 remaining grams?
  5. @KatelynnKennedy-t8f: In a country that doesn’t sell ground beef with labels, rinsing the fat off ground beef with a strainer and warm water is a good option.
  6. @Elena-cq4hk: Ok I really have to change my diet cause I feel absolutely tired not matter what I eat, no consistent energy
  7. @flamingicequeen: At ask ChatGPT.. I am out.

There are for sure books, not the ai.. man... We are doomed
  8. @NatalieLeBleu: Finally someone’s that’s not “I eat this protein bar for breakfast” and go eat pasta and chicken and halo cream
  9. @lindabish8110: Wth do we have to go by grams when we are in the USA.  What does a gram or more of meat look like. The US goes by ounces. I hate the metric system.
  10. @ShizukaSummer: Are there any vegan lean protein options?
  11. @abigailgarcia4655: So bloated right now. Ready to change my lifestyle tomorrow morning
  12. @dougking2275: Thank you  😃
  13. @kylemoore907: Fuck yes, love this!
  14. @Moldawian: So if im a guy, it wouldn't be for me ?
  15. @alyssasimon3940: what to do for protein if you are a vegetarian?
  16. @smairafazil6390: I dont think you mentioned what you cooked the eggs/mushrooms/turkey in - as next macro you mentioned importance of was healthy fat - please include
  17. @observer8838: Turkey bacon is a highly processed food an unhealthy protein source.
  18. @leahb413: Thank you 🙏
  19. @Mmkey65: Why do you not use the yolk, I thought it was the healthiest part
  20. @bayberae95: Had me until Chat GPT 🫩

- 6 Benefits of a High Fat Diet: Kind: captions Language: en so today we're going to talk about the benefits of&nbsp; being on a high fat diet one thing to realize is&nbsp;&nbsp; that when you're fasting you are on a very high&nbsp; fat diet because your body is breaking down the&nbsp;&nbsp; adipose tissue and turning it into fatty acids&nbsp; and then ketones so think about all the benefits&nbsp;&nbsp; of fasting so initially when you fast you're&nbsp; going to quickly burn off your stored glycogen&nbsp;&nbsp; in your liver when that's gone because you don't&nbsp; have a lot of that you're gonna then transition&nbsp;&nbsp; right in to burning your fat and the majority of&nbsp; fuel from your fat cell is gonna be fatty acid&nbsp;&nbsp; with about 40 being ketones and of course all&nbsp; the things i'm talking about will only exist&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're also on a low carb diet because you&nbsp; never want to do high carb high fat that's&nbsp;&nbsp; actually worse than being in a high carbohydrate&nbsp; low fat diet fyi because when you add either&nbsp;&nbsp; protein to carbs or fat to carbs you really create&nbsp; more damage and i've done all the videos on that&nbsp;&nbsp; topic but i'm not going to get sidetracked&nbsp; on that yet so when you increase more fat&nbsp;&nbsp; in your diet and you keep your carbs low you're&nbsp; going to stimulate more bile production in more&nbsp;&nbsp; bile release so right there that's going to help&nbsp; you prevent gall stones simply because gallstones&nbsp;&nbsp; are a deficiency of bile all right number two&nbsp; you're going to provide for the raw material&nbsp;&nbsp; of fat soluble vitamins vitamin a d e k 1 and k 2.&nbsp; you also provide for the omega-3 fatty acids dha&nbsp;&nbsp; and epa which are very very important that's&nbsp; why they call them essential fatty acids&nbsp;&nbsp; now just as a side note when you consume fiber&nbsp; your microbes in the large colon will ferment&nbsp;&nbsp; this fiber into a type of fat that's very healthy&nbsp; for you it's called short chain fatty acids&nbsp;&nbsp; and the name of one of them is called butyrate&nbsp; and the benefit of butyrate is anti-cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; it can help you with blood sugars and insulin&nbsp; resistance it can also feed your colon cells&nbsp;&nbsp; and there's quite a few other benefits all&nbsp; right number four medium chain triglycerides&nbsp;&nbsp; medium chain triglycerides is a type of fat that&nbsp; can greatly help increase your energy because&nbsp;&nbsp; it's converted into ketones and it doesn't&nbsp; need help from your gallbladder and the bile&nbsp;&nbsp; it doesn't need help from your pancreas and the&nbsp; pancreatic enzymes it quickly turns into ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; and it can give you energy and not only that it&nbsp; can feed the brain tissue and the heart tissue&nbsp;&nbsp; despite even having damage in those two areas&nbsp; of your body all right number five dietary fat&nbsp;&nbsp; in general will help increase your ability to&nbsp; make ketones ketones are made from your liver&nbsp;&nbsp; ketones are the preferred fuel of the brain&nbsp; and your heart which i just kind of mentioned&nbsp;&nbsp; ketones compared to glucose will increase your&nbsp; oxygen and also decrease your co2 so it provides a&nbsp;&nbsp; more efficient fuel there's also less free radical&nbsp; damage from running your body on ketones than&nbsp;&nbsp; there is from glucose glucose is very oxidizing&nbsp; it's very damaging to your tissues this is why a&nbsp;&nbsp; diabetic for example has massive problems to the&nbsp; eye the heart the kidney and the nervous system&nbsp;&nbsp; and lastly one really good benefit from consuming&nbsp; more fat is it gives you the raw material&nbsp;&nbsp; for supplying necessary and essential&nbsp; compounds for all of your cell membranes&nbsp;&nbsp; also many of your hormones including cortisol&nbsp; testosterone estrogen need fat as its precursor&nbsp;&nbsp; you also need fat to help you make vitamin d as&nbsp; well as the production of bile the production&nbsp;&nbsp; of bile and the production of vitamin d becomes a&nbsp; problem when you're on a low-fat diet all right so&nbsp;&nbsp; i pretty much talked about the good things about&nbsp; being on a high-fat diet now let's talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; the myths that are associated with the high fat&nbsp; diet and i put those up right here check them out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [1 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @spiffykimmy [1 likes]: I just love you and your teachings. They are changing my life.
  3. @sanjanatilottoma799: I want to know something
Many do high protein diet
What will be the difference between a high fat & a high protein diet & which will be more effective for particular ppl?
  4. @dr.azzakhaled4018: Extremely interesting
  5. @PolarBearXx: Whats the best fats u prefer
  6. @amelioratepsych: .

+ Key Microbiome Changes from a High-Fat Diet:

1. Decreased microbial diversity:
HFD tends to reduce the overall diversity of gut bacteria, which is often associated with worse metabolic and immune outcomes.


2. Increase in Firmicutes and decrease in Bacteroidetes:
Many studies (especially in rodents) show that HFD increases the ratio of Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes — a shift often linked to obesity and inflammation.


3. Rise in pro-inflammatory bacteria:
HFD can promote the growth of pathobionts (potentially harmful bacteria), such as certain Proteobacteria, which are linked to inflammation and gut permeability (“leaky gut”).


4. Reduced short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) producers:
HFD often decreases bacteria that produce beneficial metabolites like butyrate, which is important for gut barrier function and anti-inflammatory effects.


5. Altered bile acid metabolism:
High fat intake increases bile secretion, which selects for bile-tolerant microbes like Bilophila wadsworthia, linked to inflammation and colitis.




---

Long-term Effects of Microbiome Shifts:

Increased risk of metabolic diseases (e.g., obesity, type 2 diabetes)

Disruption of gut barrier function

Promotion of systemic inflammation

Impaired immune regulation



---

Factors that Influence the Microbiome Shift:

Type of fat (saturated vs. unsaturated)

Duration of the diet

Baseline microbiome composition

Host species (human vs. animal models)


[- fruits vegetables lentils are key for healthy gut and your health(due to soluble fiber)]
  7. @cozmikjeezqürd: Super interesting about fiber! I didn’t know that.
  8. @harryv6752: "Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food."
-Hippocrates
  9. @Dendrotera1: How can I calculate fat and protein
  10. @OkwuosahOgechukwu: Please Dr does it mean that when you consume high fat that you should also consume low carb?
  11. @Farawaylander: I do not feel good eating high fat. Moderate for me. Be careful with the high fat because it’s very dense and you can eat too much, not adequately digesting, even without feeling the nausea reflux
  12. @WanuhBDoc: Are you not going to talk about ketosis? What is the best way to avoid this. Too much ketone is very bad!!!
  13. @BoyCOTT_XMAS: I love Dr. Berg. You're a blessing to humanity !!❤
  14. @thestig6053: Hallo Dr Berg. I want to try This but my fitness is elite. I dong want to loose any muscles and dont really want to loose fat either. 

How is this possible with sutch small earthing window
  15. @kennyongyc: bad for pancreatitis
  16. @EMVelez: How many grams of carbs is considered high carb?
  17. @sergioherrera1441: Can I do high fat diet even if I exceed more than 50 grams of carbs less than hundred I know I won’t be on keto but is it possible that is still healthier Thant high carb and low fat?
  18. @allgames5556: Why is your voice so deep in this video
  19. @SamiUllah-po5wc: Please name of high fat food
  20. @sherali6943: What are the disadvantages of low carb intake food with normal food

- The Only Carb that Does Not Spike Insulin: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about the only carbohydrate that will&nbsp; not influence insulin now as you may know insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; is the hormone that makes you fat it's the hormone&nbsp; that prevents you from burning fat and it's a fat&nbsp;&nbsp; storing hormone so in the presence of&nbsp; even a little bit of insulin it's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be very difficult to lose weight and get into&nbsp; ketosis so the only carb that has absolutely no&nbsp;&nbsp; influence over insulin is fiber okay now the&nbsp; problem with fiber is it normally comes with&nbsp;&nbsp; other carbs that do influence insulin as in the&nbsp; bread pasta cereal crackers biscuits waffles&nbsp;&nbsp; things like that and so many times people&nbsp; are recommending those foods because&nbsp;&nbsp; it has fiber but what about the other carbs that&nbsp; are not fiber we want to stay away from them&nbsp;&nbsp; now just as a side note pure fat will also not&nbsp; increase insulin but what does increase insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; is the sugar the starches and excessive amounts&nbsp; of protein so is it just a matter of getting some&nbsp;&nbsp; fiber maybe some metamucil on a spoon and then&nbsp; pour some pure fat on it right no the type of&nbsp;&nbsp; fiber that you need is in the non-starchy leafy&nbsp; greens it's in the vegetables and this is why you&nbsp;&nbsp; don't have to count non-starchy vegetables when&nbsp; you're doing the ketogenic diet as a part of your&nbsp;&nbsp; grams of carbohydrate normally you want to keep&nbsp; your carbs below 30 maybe 40 grams maybe even&nbsp;&nbsp; 20 grams but i don't recommend even counting the&nbsp; non-starchy vegetables like the salads and things&nbsp;&nbsp; in fact unless you have some intestinal damage or&nbsp; inflammatory condition that causes bloating when&nbsp;&nbsp; you eat a lot of vegetables i recommend you do add&nbsp; a good amount of vegetables as part of a healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; keto plan and i'm talking at least seven cups it's&nbsp; not that much it's like a nice sized salad but&nbsp;&nbsp; what do these vegetables give you besides fiber&nbsp; well it gives you minerals potassium magnesium&nbsp;&nbsp; to prevent cramps when you start the ketogenic&nbsp; diet to prevent keto fatigue when you start the&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic plant also these vegetables have trace&nbsp; minerals they're loaded with vitamins like vitamin&nbsp;&nbsp; c folate other b vitamins they have a tremendous&nbsp; amount of phytonutrients which go beyond just the&nbsp;&nbsp; regular vitamins and minerals phytonutrients are&nbsp; anti-cancer anti-inflammatory and they will help&nbsp;&nbsp; prevent a lot of different issues but as far&nbsp; as the fiber in the vegetable that is the food&nbsp;&nbsp; for your microbiome for your friendly bacteria&nbsp; that's what they eat and then they turn that fiber&nbsp;&nbsp; into a type of fat it's called a small chain&nbsp; fatty acid as in beta hydroxybutyrate which is a&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone so butyrate made from your microbes is in&nbsp; the family of ketones so microbes eat the fiber&nbsp;&nbsp; and they make compounds that help&nbsp; lessen insulin resistance which is&nbsp;&nbsp; directly going to help you lose weight because&nbsp; they also help lower blood glucose they can&nbsp;&nbsp; actually increase insulin sensitivity which will&nbsp; then make it easier to lose weight which means&nbsp;&nbsp; your body won't have to make as much insulin and&nbsp; that's going to help your weight loss the fiber&nbsp;&nbsp; also increases the diversity of microbes which&nbsp; will have another positive effect on weight loss&nbsp;&nbsp; all right thanks for watching hey before you&nbsp; go if you're benefiting from any of my content&nbsp;&nbsp; i would love to hear about your success&nbsp; story please share it in the link down below

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [4 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @JS-jh4cy [1 likes]: Potatoes 🥔 are my guess before watching
  3. @maureenmullen1236 [1 likes]: I lost 80 lbs because  of Keto and intermittent fasting. 0ver a year later I have kept 70 to 75 lbs of it off. It was all though Dr. Berg's advice!!!  For 45 years I struggled with losing and gaining weight back. Eliminating refined carbs was key and eating enough healthy fats. Thank you Dr. Berg!!
  4. @tasneemnashaat2503: ❤❤❤❤
  5. @needrar.n.mperera9517: Thank you Dr.Eric Berg.  I gained a lot of insight from your videos, especially on blood suger reduction and related issues. Since of late I am having blurry vision, may be due to excessive use of mobile phone and also I have peripheral neuropathy.... due to an injury some years back  whatever my symptoms of illnesses are,  I always find insightful information on preventive measures.  . I am truly grateful to you Dr. Ad I have managed to keep away from the Docters unless for an occasional cough and cold thus far. May the good lord bless you with wisdom and grace always.....
  6. @Val-m4y3g: Lovely info. Tx Dr
❤
  7. @Daniel-h8m: I'm already thin do I still need this diet,?
  8. @abelkongoli8977: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  9. @sergiidruchuk7832: What about Unmodified potato starch, which one doesn't spike insulin?
  10. @paulhart3812: Also, very green unripe bananas. They’re not very sweet and very hard and fibrous. But they don’t spike my glucose at all. Amazing.
  11. @thinkerds: This video discusses how fiber is the only carbohydrate that does not spike insulin (0:25). Insulin is a hormone that promotes fat storage and makes weight loss difficult (0:06). While many fiber-rich foods also contain other carbs that do influence insulin, such as bread and pasta, the best sources of fiber are non-starchy vegetables (1:10).

Key points about fiber and a healthy ketogenic diet:
Non-starchy vegetables should be a significant part of a healthy keto plan, with Dr. Berg recommending 7 to 10 cups per day (1:47). These vegetables do not need to be counted towards daily carbohydrate limits (1:17).
Beyond fiber, vegetables provide essential minerals (like potassium and magnesium), vitamins (C, folate, B vitamins), and phytonutrients (1:57), which have anti-cancer and anti-inflammatory properties (2:24).
The fiber in vegetables acts as food for your gut microbiome, which then produces compounds that help reduce insulin resistance and increase insulin sensitivity (2:30). This process can ultimately aid in weight loss (2:57).
  12. @popoymotmot: Is bread made from lentils a good substitute for ordinary white bread
  13. @MEOWZ-att: Metamucil has multi dextrin and yellow dyes in it so here goes that… but what about resistant wheat starch?
  14. @PJLeblanc: What do you do then when you get bloating when eating veggies?
  15. @ralphgerbier3728: Happy Wednesday,
About 8 years now I found out I have heart failuar and around that time I discovered you, which was needed. I learned and still learning from the talents and gifts you share. I am by far not always consistent but with the things I implemented from your work. Starting this journey I was 240lb and now I fluctuate between 208lb-211lb.
  16. @margaretcordova3268: Glad I found this video. Looks like I cannot eat any carbs whatsoever. None. I cannot even tolerate 10 carbs! I get itchy and do not feel good at all. Not sure why I am so super sensitive. I have lost about 17 pounds but I was at 168. Now I am at about 148.
  17. @Ha-u1h6t: Thanks
  18. @Astaf_55: Resistance Starch
  19. @Verbaalinenmestari: I would like to hear Eric's opinion about what carbs would be good. Rice has arsenic, potatoes solanina, basically all grains has something bad
  20. @willywonka077: Can someone please tell us what bread has the lowest insulin Spike??

- Top 21 High-Fiber Foods + How Much Fiber You Really Need: Kind: captions Language: en did you know that dietary fiber is an essential part of a healthy lifestyle and there's research that links it to a ton of reduced risk for heart disease diabetes and even some types of cancer plus fiber is really great for a healthy gut but the problem is is a lot of us don't realize how much fiber we should be eating we're not getting enough in our daily diet and we aren't really prioritizing it as something that we need to eat every day but we need more fiber peeps and today in this video i'm going to show you some top foods that have a lot of fiber a lot of foods you should be incorporating into your daily routines if you can and i'm going to talk about why fiber is so so beneficial to us so let's get started so basically if you're eating homemade meals if you're avoiding processed foods if you're getting your water intake and doing your daily exercises but you're not focusing on your daily fiber intake and getting your gut healthy you're probably missing out on a huge portion of a healthy lifestyle and you're making your body work even harder and working against all that other work you're putting in so what is fiber fiber is a plant-based carbohydrate that you get from dietary foods but it doesn't ever really get broken down through digestion and just passes through your digestive system and that's really good because it attaches to foods along the way and it helps to make everything flow better it removes carcinogens from your body as it passes along and it keeps your digestive system working regularly and so those are really good ways to keep your digestive system intact and healthy now there's two types of fiber there's soluble fiber which can be broken down in water and soluble fiber is found in oats and nuts beans and apples and blueberries and that mixes with water and kind of forms a gel as it goes through your body and gets digested and that's good because it actually slows the digestion of food so if you've heard that fiber makes you feel full and keeps you feeling full longer that is why now there's also insoluble fiber and that's found in the skins and peels of fruits and vegetables and also in nuts and seeds so foods like whole wheat bread and brown rice that have that outer layer and all those nuts and seeds in them and those do not mix with water and they get passed through your whole digestive system pretty intact so we've talked about the digestive piece but how does that play a role in keeping your body healthy so in addition to keeping your gut healthy and helping food pass along better and keeping you regular fiber also plays a role in other bodily functions as well so the sugar in those high fiber foods is actually going to get absorbed more slowly which is really good if you're wanting to have lower blood sugar levels and ultimately reduce the risk of diabetes and obesity plus that also has that added benefit of making you feel full longer so you're not as hungry you're not gonna be craving foods as often and you're not gonna feel sluggish right after you eat a meal because of that longer time to digest and that less spike in sugar and that's also going to help you eat less calories which is going to help you lose weight maintain your caloric intake and it also is going to help to suppress hormones that's going to make you feel hungrier so overall fiber is great for digestive health colon health weight loss and general positive body functioning and blood sugar levels so a lot of times people think okay i'm gonna go eat fiber and they go eat a ton of fiber and they get a lot of bloating and cramping and that's because your body isn't used to all of that fiber so how much fiber should you be eating every day for women it's recommended to have about 25 grams of fiber coming from naturally occurring foods and for men it's recommended to have 38 grams of fiber so if you can get to that on a daily basis that is a great target and so a lot of people go and they take a fiber pill or they drink metamucil and they think okay this is how i'm gonna get my fiber but the truth is there's so many tasty and easy naturally occurring ways to get your fiber intake i'm gonna go through some of the top foods that are high in fiber you can start incorporating into your daily lifestyle today lentils are full of fiber they're super inexpensive and they go great in salads and soups and just as a side and if you're vegan you're already eating it because you know it has a ton of essential protein in it but it's also a great source of fiber one cup of cooked lentils has 15 and a half grams of fiber in it kidney beans are also really high in fiber one cup contains about 11 grams of fiber and just like lentils kidney beans are a great way to add in fiber and protein and essential nutrients and it's really cost effective chickpeas are packed with fiber and protein one cup of cooked chickpeas contains 12 and a half grams of fiber they also contain a ton of helpful nutrients and they're a great way to maintain your weight or lose weight because they have a lot of fiber to the amount of calories that are in them quinoa is a tasty and healthy high protein high fiber food that is gluten free one cup of cooked quinoa has about 5.2 grams of fiber avocados are also a great source they have 13 grams of fiber per avocado so then one serving of that avocado is gonna have about five grams of fiber they also have both soluble and insoluble fiber plus they taste delicious and they're a great source of healthy fats rice is another way to get your fiber brown rice has more fiber than white rice because it still contains that outer husk one cup of cooked brown rice has about three and a half grams of fiber whereas one cup of cooked white rice has .6 grams of fiber whole grain bread like we talked about before is also another great source just make sure you're looking for bread that at a minimum has per slice three grams of fiber because you might be buying whole wheat bread that actually doesn't have any fiber in it so you really need to pay attention to those labels i love dave's killer breads because they are not only delicious they're also super high in fiber and protein pears are really high in fiber especially that outer skin they're really one of the best fruits out there as far as fiber goes and that's because in a medium sized pair there's about five and a half grams of fiber and strawberries are also a good source and because of their size they are such a nutrient-dense food they contain three grams of fiber per one cup of strawberries plus you get a ton of antioxidants and vitamin c with strawberries so i definitely encourage strawberries as well apples are also great and a medium-sized apple has about four and a half grams of fiber and like we talked about before the soluble fiber in apples is going to have that pectin which is going to be really great to helping you stay fuller longer raspberries are awesome a cup of raspberries has 8 grams of fiber plus it has manganese and vitamin c so those are also very nutrient dense plus they're also low in sugar a medium-sized banana has about 3.1 grams of fiber so i love freezing them and then adding them to my protein shakes to have that added fiber in my protein shake as well plus compared to raspberries they actually have a high sugar content so they work as a great natural sweetener carrots are also high in fiber as well as other root vegetables carrots are low in calories high in essential nutrients and vitamins and minerals and one medium carrot has about two grams of fiber sweet potatoes are also a great option and one cup of cooked sweet potatoes has about four grams of fiber just make sure to also eat that skin on the sweet potato because it is highly nutritious it's going to give you all those extra nutrients and that added insoluble fiber beets are awesome not only do they help regulate your blood pressure and help reduce inflammation they also contain fiber so one cup of cooked beets has about 3.8 grams of fiber broccoli is a super nutritious cancer-fighting high-protein high-fiber cruciferous vegetable i love broccoli and have it all the time one cup of broccoli has about two and a half grams of fiber brussels sprouts are also high in fiber one cup has about four grams of fiber in them plus they're high in cancer-fighting antioxidants and also other vitamins and minerals and potassium oats are a great soluble fiber to include one cup of raw oats contains about 16.8 grams of fiber which is crazy so then when you cook that and it expands you're going to have a little bit less when you're cooking it i recommend looking for steel cut oats old-fashioned notes or rolled oats because those are going to have the most fiber content because they are the least processed almonds are really high fiber nuts they have 3.4 grams of fiber per ounce other nuts like pistachios and walnuts are also high in fiber chia seeds are super high as well just one ounce of chia seeds has a whopping 10.6 grams of fiber so those are definitely power packed and actually dark chocolate is a really great source of fiber one ounce of dark chocolate has 3.1 grams of fiber in it so check out the video on the seven foods i eat every day to see how i incorporate a ton of these different foods into my daily routine for extra fiber and i will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @laceybaier_ [88 likes]: What's your fave high-fiber food from the video?  Did I leave one out you love?
  2. @HustleLifee [8 likes]: 3:43 is when she finally get's to the list.  I'll save you even more time by just listing the list as well....
1. Lentils
2. Kidney beans 
3. Chickpeas
4. Quinoa
5. Advocados
6. Brown rice 
7. Whole grain bread 
8. Pears 
9. Strawberries 
10. Apples
11. Raspberries 
12. Bananas
13. Carrots and other root veggies
14. Sweet potatoes, preferably with skin
15. Beets
16. Broccoli
17. Brussels sprouts 
18. Oats (steel cut/old fashion/rolled)
19. Almonds/pistachio/walnuts 
20. Chia seeds
21. Dark chocolate
  3. @harleybrito9629: 2:12 blink!
2:21 AGAIN!!!
2:26 aaaaaalmost
  4. @SHANECatLovingGenXHistorian: daves killer bread made me feel like i was dying
  5. @Gina-b6d: Water melon
  6. @Gina-b6d: Kiwi veggy soup....and water and apple tonite 😁
  7. @lanternlightwoodworx: lost me at "peepes"
  8. @Gina-b6d: Pig tails and a back braid would look wicked my chick
  9. @djroydj7857: nice work
  10. @kmack4129: Starting a new journey thank you for this
  11. @cc4261: For me it is an apple a day that really really helps me.
  12. @reddymahender9618: How does everyone else have missed millets....there are at least 10 different types of millets and all of them have at least 8% of fibre and they are a nutritional powerhouse ...below are some of them 

Foxtail millet
Browtop 
Barnyard 
Kodo
Little millet
Sorghum
Finger millet 
Proso millet 
Pearl millet

We can have them like rice or porridge as one meal replacement ...rotation is the key in millets
  13. @Gina-b6d: Fiber is sexiness
  14. @yamama11234: agar agar powder  No 1. 0 carb    super cheap.   i mix 5 gram in my drink before every meal.  whay do u think ??
  15. @Gina-b6d: Does she ever wear sweaterz..¿¿?
  16. @annettegonzales36: I saw her blink 2 times
  17. @JohnCONORt1000: Her eyes OO 😊 thank you for the information ❤
  18. @laghariirfanali5778: Good work
  19. @KnowKnewKnowledge: Great work!!!!!
  20. @sarahhobbs7866: OMG this is sooo helpful.  Thank you

- 10 Best High Protein Foods For WEIGHT LOSS: Kind: captions Language: en protein is one of the most essential tools to help you achieve a weight loss and body recomposition goal so today i'm sharing the top 10 best high protein foods to help you tap into fat burning and achieve your weight loss goal if you're new here my name is autumn i'm a certified clinical nutritionist with my master's nutrition human performance on my channel i teach you the science back tips to help you achieve your weight loss and wellness goals so if you're new here make sure you subscribe okay so the first one is the humble egg now each egg isn't actually particularly very high in protein only has about six grams per egg so you do need to eat quite a bit of eggs in order to get all your protein needs eggs are really great for weight loss gold because it contains both protein and fat so i usually like to eat three eggs and pair it with a little bit of cheese to help boost the protein content a little bit more but there's actually been multiple studies that have found that when you eat eggs for breakfast versus some other types of breakfast foods like cereal that the eggs help people feel more full for longer so these are some eggs that my friend gave me from her chickens little easter egger eggs i think but also eggs are relatively inexpensive really easy to make and extremely versatile okay the second one is salmon and i just got my meat delivery today so let's see if i can find it in the bottom of my freezer i actually recently had to learn how to love salmon because i didn't really like it but i found some ways to cook it that i do kind of like it now and i'm happy about that because three ounces of cooked salmon has about 22 grams of protein but it also is rich in omega-3 fatty acids that are an anti-inflammatory it's also what's called a high diaz protein which means you really readily absorb it and your body can really easily use that protein as protein within the body so as a good rule of thumb you want to aim for proteins that have a diet score of one or higher this means that it's completely absorbed this can be tricky for plant-based proteins but we'll get into that in a second now something unique to salmon is that it's really rich in selenium and selenium is required for phase two liver detox so not only do you get a lot of protein with just a bit of salmon you also get a lot of selenium and anti-inflammatory omega-3 fats okay so the next is whey protein and i've been talking to you guys a lot about my protein powder it's coming soon i have my little sample pack right here that i've been that i've been using this is the chocolate one so good now for a long time whey protein was really just seen as the protein for athlete but there are a lot of other health benefits to whey protein other than just being a really high diaz protein in fact it's one of the highest diets proteins other than eggs now being studied for a lot of other health perks including weight loss but also unique to whey protein is that it's really high in an amino acid called cysteine cysteine is also required for that phase two liver detox and i've developed my own zero sugar whey protein this has been in the works for a very long time and we're really really close to releasing it so if you guys want to stay in the loop on when my zero sugar whey protein will be released you can subscribe to my free weekly newsletter down description below okay so next we have beef now beef is also a high dyes protein and it has obviously a ton of different cuts but my favorite is ground beef because it is so versatile and it tends to be really budget friendly and three ounces of cooked beef has around 22 grams of protein and it's so easy to use i tend to go for the 85 15 that way it has just a little bit more fat and helps to boost satiety from both protein and fat but i'll use ground beef in tacos in my homemade zucchini bolognese my homemade zucchini lasagna as well oh my gosh that recipe is so good back to my freezer full of protein now the next is chicken and really any type of poultry but chicken is probably one most people are using maybe the other one being a bit of turkey as well so i bone in thighs here but any cut can work because chicken tends to be more lean it is going to be a little bit higher in protein and a little bit lower in fat so because of that if you really struggle with satiety you might want to cook your chicken in a little bit extra of butter or olive oil or pair it with avocado so you can make up for that slightly lower fat and make sure that you're satisfied and prevent cravings and about three ounces of cooked chicken breast will have around 27 28 grams of protein so it is pretty packed with protein and also high diaz okay now to the fridge i have full fat greek yogurt so you guys know that i make my own greek yogurt it's honestly so easy and saves so much money especially right now where greek yogurt is like ten dollars for one of those larger containers at least for a full fat grass-fed option anyway that's like a whole other different video i shared my step-by-step strategy on how to make greek yogurt i'll have that link description below because honestly it's so easy takes like minimal effort and it will save you saves me like at least 500 a year because we use a lot of greek yogurt and i know what you're thinking full fat isn't that like not good for you but there's actually been a lot of research lately specifically on full fat dairy products and how it can be preventative against obesity and what the researchers are saying is that it's likely because of both the fat as well the protein that's in greek yogurt or other full fat dairy products so both of those combined help you to feel really satiated really satisfied while having a really high diaz protein so can help to prevent cravings for foods that might work against your goals i love using greek yogurt in my smoothies as a greek yogurt bowl or even stir it into chia pudding to help boost the protein content and just one cup of greek yogurt will give you about 20 grams of protein so pretty great okay so one of the best options for plant-based proteins are going to be fermented soy products now i specifically recommend fermented soy products if you're going to use soy as a protein source because it helps to break down some of the anti-nutrients of soy but soy is one of the highest diaz proteins that you'll be able to get your hands on from a plant-based source it's going to be about point nine so remember we ideally want a score of one or higher for diaz so soy is going to be a little low really the only plant-based protein that has a score of one is going to be potato protein but there's not a lot of potato protein powders on the market right now and if you eat just potatoes you're also going to be eating a lot of starch so it's not really helpful for a weight loss goal so from a plant-based perspective the highest quality protein source will be something called tempeh and you can use this in a lot of similar ways that you would ground meat like you can chop it up and make ground tempeh tacos add it into stir fry really there's a lot of easy ways to use tempeh okay so another one is pork and i actually don't talk a lot about pork on my channel mostly because i didn't grow up eating it so i'm not used to eating it that often but it actually is a good high quality protein source it's going to have a diet score above one really all animal based proteins are going to have a high diet score other than collagen collagen is not a complete protein i wouldn't recommend using it as a complete protein but it is great for pairing with complete protein sources so common cut for pork is going to be like pork tenderloin and about three ounces cooked is going to have roughly 24 grams of complete protein okay so for one of my absolute favorite proteins ow just hit my elbow we have cottage cheese in fact this is actually what i'm going to be breaking my fast with in just a second i love cottage cheese i know people either love it or absolutely hate it my husband absolutely hates it i absolutely love it but it's really rich in protein just about one cup will have anywhere between 24 to 28 grams of protein that's a lot with just one cup it's also going to be a full fat dairy product so it has a lot of the same perks as greek yogurt just make sure that you check the ingredients and that you're not getting something that has any added sugar got some peanut butter on there obviously that's how i eat mine so you will see some sugars if you look at the nutrition facts but as long as it's not added sugar that's okay because that's mostly just going to be a little bit of the lactose and if the cottage cheese has been fermented a lot of that isn't actually true lactose anymore so i like to make like cottage cheese bowls my favorite way is to heat up some blueberries just on the stove top melt up some frozen blueberries a bit put that on top of some peanut butter within my cottage cheese and all just kind of like melts together and it's so good oh my gosh but you can also do a more savory option where you add like cucumbers and tomatoes and some black pepper my mom loves pairing it with avocado as well and requires zero prep you don't have to cook it or anything you can bring this with you on the go so easy okay so the last one on my list is anchovies and sardines i actually bought these a long time ago hoping that i could make myself try and like it i don't even know if this is still good where's expiration date i'm sure it is yeah it's still good i've got like two years on this thing since it's canned but man if you like anchovies or sardines eat them they are so good for you so you can see like advertised on this it's talking about the omega-3 fatty acids and that's because fatty fish like sardines or anchovies are going to be really rich in omega-3 fats and there's one meta-analysis where they looked at a bunch of studies and found that fish oil can actually help to reduce abdominal fat so belly fat specifically so not only do you get protein which is really important for body recomposition you also get the beneficial omega-3 fats or the fish oil if you like it let me know how you make it so i can try to learn to love it as well all these protein sources are really great proteins but you need to know how much of it you need to eat per day so make sure you calculate how much you need per day with my really simple easy calculation right here also if you're new to my channel and you love this science fact information make sure you subscribe right here come out new videos every tuesday and thursday all right guys thanks so much tuning in and i'll see my next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @PatrickMalonee: what helped me most was pairing high protein with my GLP-1 from FormBlends, appetite stayed manageable all day
  2. @Bithi-j6d: the thing people always overlook with high protein eating for weight loss is that not all protein sources do the same job, even at equal gram counts. like 30g of protein from chicken breast and 30g from a processed protein bar technically look the same on a tracker but your body handles them very differently in terms of satiety, thermic effect, and how long until hunger creeps back.

what genuinely surprised me when i started paying more attention to this: cottage cheese and eggs became my most used foods not because they're exciting but because the hunger suppression is noticeably longer than almost anything else i tried at similar calories. greek yogurt is close but i found the fat-free versions didn't hold me as long, the full-fat versions do something different with satiety that the numbers don't fully explain.

the point about fish is worth emphasizing too because people default to chicken breast as the one protein food and kind of forget that salmon and sardines are bringing omega-3s alongside the protein, which matters for inflammation and actually supports the metabolic side of weight loss in ways that go beyond just macros. i've been on compounded tirzepatide through formblends for about five months and one thing i've noticed is that building meals around these specific protein sources made a real difference in how smoothly the appetite suppression works, like it compounds the effect rather than fighting it.

the practical takeaway i'd add for anyone watching: aim to hit at least 25g protein at breakfast specifically, because that single change probably does more for your afternoon cravings than any other single adjustment you can make.
  3. @maryclebeau: Don’t like pork!
  4. @maryclebeau: Can we get the lasagna recipe! 😊
  5. @luciamommanageoutstandingm9718: Use the anchioves as grease. Cut them finely , and fry them
In a pan with garlic, add olives , chili and vegetables cut in cubes. 
You can also start a napolitain sauce (arrabiata) the same way. 2-3 anchioves and garlic add tomato sauce and chili. Always add soy sauce and honey to your gomato sauce to take away acidity
  6. @tabithajackson7758: Hi Autumn new viewer, had my annual appointment with my doctor last week and we talked about incorporating high protein low carb foods Into my diet. I have a genetic condition that causes hunger cravings and making me feel like Im not full when I should eat smaller portions, or being hungry again right after eating. Issues with MC4R I believe it is called. I won't say my weight in pounds but BMI is over 40, so definitely not healthy. Also recommend along with diet changes/eating habit changes, to do more physical exercise even if that means just going for more walks or using some type of cardio equipment. I like salmon, chicken, beef, eggs, and Greek yogurt so those should be easy to incorporate into my diet. Not a big fan of cottage cheese though so that one might be a little harder to add to my diet. Probably a good idea to incorporate some of those healthier oils into my diet as well
  7. @stephaniescofield9433: Thanks for your video.  I really wish I could eat salmon, but it just taste like eating raw strong fish.  I’ve never tried sardines, hmmm if I don’t like salmon, I don’t see me liking sardines.  Are the bones in them?  Yikes …
  8. @twmcmahan: Whole-fat dairy may be inversely associated with obesity in observational studies, but that doesn’t establish causality. Reverse causation is a very real confounder here: people with obesity are more likely to be actively dieting and intentionally choosing low-fat or skim dairy, which alone can produce that association.
  9. @niceymb: Sauté sardines with egg and tomato. It’s so good!
  10. @brat7776: I add sardines as a protein on salads. I was always afraid to try them. It turns out, they're not bad. Anchovies are next on my list to conquer.
  11. @paulsoutbackgardenaustrali7674: But r u in a relationship and what does he say...
  12. @LIK4-GH0ST: 2025??
  13. @genehihar9684: Stake is only beef
  14. @ChristinaMullins-t5s: Anchovies, try making your own Worcestershire sauce like puree it and add to anything
  15. @MsJ.TeacherToTech: Lots of processed food
  16. @MsCowgirl333: Can you share how to cook salmon so it tastes good?
  17. @patisan: I love sardines that come tinned with a spicy tomato sauce and I mash them and serve them on toast with fresh sliced tomatoes and cracked black pepper
  18. @shudae_roseflores123: Hello what kind of cheese can I put in eggs?
  19. @michelledickerson7052: Regarding sardines and other canned fish/seafood: try just eating it with some hot sauce as a high protein ‘snack.’  Or add some veggies for a meal. 😊
  20. @deenaxic9134: kinda sad to see 99.99% of videos on this topic, cover the same few foods. They might be good, but would be funnier to see the non obvious ones.

- 20 Top Foods to Eat on a Ketogenic Diet: Kind: captions Language: en what are the best foods to eat&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet today we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be talking about the top&nbsp; 20. just because a food is high&nbsp;&nbsp; in fat and low in carbohydrates does not&nbsp; necessarily mean it's good for Keto [Music] hey guys welcome back to my channel if you're new&nbsp; here my name is Kait I'm a certified health and&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrition coach I post videos twice a week here&nbsp; on YouTube talking all things insulin resistance&nbsp;&nbsp; weight loss sleep and more so if you're ready to&nbsp; take control of your metabolic kelp make sure to&nbsp;&nbsp; click that subscribe button and you can also find&nbsp; me on Tick Tock and Instagram or if you're new&nbsp;&nbsp; posts every single day now if you're new to the&nbsp; keto diet it can feel overwhelming you might feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like you have to give up a lot of your favorite&nbsp; foods but I promise you it's not as difficult and&nbsp;&nbsp; not as restrictive as it might seem once you get&nbsp; over that initial learning curve of figuring out&nbsp;&nbsp; what foods you can eat it becomes really easy&nbsp; to stick to and this is partially because the&nbsp;&nbsp; foods you eat on keto are so satiating feelings&nbsp; of intense hunger are often unheard of and this&nbsp;&nbsp; is because restricting carbo hydrates in the diet&nbsp; changes the way your body Burns energy instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; using mainly carbohydrates for energy which are a&nbsp; quick energy source but our bodies can only store&nbsp;&nbsp; a limited amount our bodies burn fat for energy&nbsp; instead even someone who is very lean has over 100&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 calories worth of energy stored in fat that&nbsp; they're carrying around now this metabolic state&nbsp;&nbsp; where you're burning mainly fat for energy&nbsp; is known as ketosis and yes low carb diets&nbsp;&nbsp; are great for weight loss but the benefits don't&nbsp; end there they increase your mental focus they&nbsp;&nbsp; decrease inflammation and they can also help with&nbsp; regulating blood sugar and insulin and these are&nbsp;&nbsp; benefits that can help a lot of people but with&nbsp; that let's get into the top 20 foods you can eat&nbsp;&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet number 20 chicken thigh now&nbsp; we're starting off the list today with chicken&nbsp;&nbsp; thigh and thighs specifically because when&nbsp; you're eating keto you really need to make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure you're eating enough and not just lean&nbsp; protein on its own now if you've watched any&nbsp;&nbsp; of my other videos I'm sure you will have heard me&nbsp; talk about how important protein is how it is the&nbsp;&nbsp; most important macronutrient most people are under&nbsp; consuming protein and this leads to side effects&nbsp;&nbsp; including muscle loss which is extremely&nbsp; concerning especially as we age and a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of people who eat keto they tend to fear eating&nbsp; too much protein because they think that it will&nbsp;&nbsp; automatically be turned to glucose if they eat too&nbsp; much well this is and isn't the case the body will&nbsp;&nbsp; only turn excess protein that you consume into&nbsp; glucose and cause a blood sugar rise if number&nbsp;&nbsp; one you are very insulin resistant and number two&nbsp; you're not eating that protein with enough fat&nbsp;&nbsp; someone metabolically healthy can eat lean protein&nbsp; and not have any issue with it raising their blood&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar but someone with type 2 diabetes if they&nbsp; eat the exact same thing so a lean source of&nbsp;&nbsp; protein with not enough fat this can cause&nbsp; that person's blood sugar to rise and this&nbsp;&nbsp; is because the second person's body is not used&nbsp; to burning fat for energy it's reliant on carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; so when it doesn't get them instead of using body&nbsp; fat for energy it turns some of the excess protein&nbsp;&nbsp; to glucose but if you eat enough fat with that&nbsp; protein this doesn't happen you won't have the&nbsp;&nbsp; blood sugar issue anyways all of that is to say&nbsp; that eating fatty meat is better than eating lean&nbsp;&nbsp; meat and when it comes to chicken thigh with&nbsp; the skin on is one of the best options number&nbsp;&nbsp; 19 coconut milk coconut milk both tinned and in&nbsp; a carton is great for keto the tinned ones will&nbsp;&nbsp; be thicker and higher in fat you can use these&nbsp; in cooking or even add a spoonful to a smoothie&nbsp;&nbsp; or coffee again fat is important on keto the&nbsp; carton version is good if you're looking for&nbsp;&nbsp; a milk alternative because when it comes to almond&nbsp; milk and other nut milks most of these have added&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetable oil which is extremely inflammatory and&nbsp; can lessen the benefits of Keto not to mention a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot have added sugar which again obviously not&nbsp; great for keto but coconut milk has a lot of fat&nbsp;&nbsp; that occurs naturally so usually it doesn't have&nbsp; these added oils and sugars on top of that one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the main types of fat that's found in coconuts&nbsp; known as MCTS can actually boost ketosis it can&nbsp;&nbsp; boost fat burning and it is fantastic for keto&nbsp; number 18 macadamia nuts these are my favorite&nbsp;&nbsp; nuts to recommend for keto number one they are the&nbsp; best tasting in my opinion but number two the type&nbsp;&nbsp; of fat they contain is a bit better than other&nbsp; types of nuts so almonds for example are pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; high in polyunsaturated fat which itself isn't bad&nbsp; but in high quantities it can cause inflammation&nbsp;&nbsp; which is why some people who use a lot of almond&nbsp; flour on keto sometimes don't get the best results&nbsp;&nbsp; but macadamia nuts are higher in monounsaturated&nbsp; fat Which is less inflammatory not saying that&nbsp;&nbsp; almonds are bad they're not but out of all&nbsp; the nuts macadamias are the best option&nbsp;&nbsp; number 17 cauliflower this one I feel like is&nbsp; self-explanatory if you've seen any keto shopping&nbsp;&nbsp; list or a lot of Keto recipes cauliflower is&nbsp; almost always included it's low in carbs and&nbsp;&nbsp; super versatile you can make cauliflower rice&nbsp; mashed cauliflower or of course stir fry it or&nbsp;&nbsp; roast it number 16 berries a great option for&nbsp; keto because they are lower in sugar and carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; than other types of fruit blueberries raspberries&nbsp; strawberries blackberries all are good options for&nbsp;&nbsp; Keta number 14 Greek yogurt I love Greek yogurt&nbsp; because it's high in fat and protein and usually&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty low in carbohydrates other yogurts tend to&nbsp; be lower in protein which doesn't make them bad&nbsp;&nbsp; but once again fat and protein are very important&nbsp; on keto so if you have the option a plain Greek&nbsp;&nbsp; yogurt is going to be my top recommendation next&nbsp; in line would be any plain yogurt but avoid ones&nbsp;&nbsp; that are flavored because these usually have a ton&nbsp; of added sugar number 13 zucchinis another great&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb vegetable again super versatile low in&nbsp; carbs some people like to make noodles out of them&nbsp;&nbsp; which I honestly really enjoy as a replacement to&nbsp; spaghetti I think they taste absolutely great when&nbsp;&nbsp; they've been sauteed with a little bit of olive&nbsp; oil so good number 12 oysters now I wanted to&nbsp;&nbsp; throw oysters in here because they are super super&nbsp; nutritious they do contain a few carbs per oyster&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a lot higher than most other Seafood&nbsp; which has no carbs or next to no carbs but I think&nbsp;&nbsp; for the extra nutritional value including the&nbsp; extremely high amount of zinc in them it's worth&nbsp;&nbsp; the trade-off number 11 olives now olives are&nbsp; actually a fruit which surprises a lot of people&nbsp;&nbsp; they are great for keto because they are a fatty&nbsp; fruit that is also low in carbs and they're a&nbsp;&nbsp; great addition to almost any meal at any time&nbsp; of day you can have them with breakfast lunch&nbsp;&nbsp; or dinner or you can have them just on their own&nbsp; they are so good for keto number 10 olive oil and&nbsp;&nbsp; continuing that thought olive oil is also great&nbsp; for keto now we spoke about monounsaturated fat&nbsp;&nbsp; earlier when we were talking about macadamia&nbsp; nuts and olive oil is mainly comprised of&nbsp;&nbsp; monounsaturated fat now I will say that it is&nbsp; best to be used at room temperature so putting&nbsp;&nbsp; it on a salad or on cooked meat or if you're&nbsp; cooking something at a low temperature such&nbsp;&nbsp; as eggs if you heat it too much it's going&nbsp; to oxidize and consuming oxidized oils is&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely inflammatory I won't talk too much&nbsp; about this today I have a whole video on why&nbsp;&nbsp; consuming oxidized oils is bad and how to avoid&nbsp; them which I'm going to link up above so check&nbsp;&nbsp; that out if you want to know a little bit more&nbsp; number nine grass-fed butter grass-fed butter&nbsp;&nbsp; is great for keto we spoke about MCTS before when&nbsp; we were talking about coconut milk and butter and&nbsp;&nbsp; dairy products actually contain some MCTS as&nbsp; well although not as much as coconut coconut&nbsp;&nbsp; really is King when it comes to MCTS grass-fed&nbsp; butter is great for low temperature cooking or&nbsp;&nbsp; adding to any vegetables or cooked meat after it's&nbsp; been cooked but it does also have another really&nbsp;&nbsp; great use which comes as a surprise to some&nbsp; people it's really good if you put it in your&nbsp;&nbsp; coffee if you've ever put butter in your coffee&nbsp; let me know in the comment section down below&nbsp;&nbsp; number eight is broccoli this is another low carb&nbsp; vegetable that's super versatile if you're looking&nbsp;&nbsp; for a way to bulk up your meals then broccoli is a&nbsp; great option number seven cheese cheese is another&nbsp;&nbsp; great keto food most types of cheese are very&nbsp; low in carbs and higher in protein and fat with&nbsp;&nbsp; a few exceptions some softer cheeses are a bit&nbsp; higher in carbs so those might not be the best&nbsp;&nbsp; option if you're consuming a lot of them but in&nbsp; general cheese is great cheese also contains some&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrients like calcium vitamin K2 and D3 which&nbsp; can be really hard to get from other types of&nbsp;&nbsp; food calcium especially if you don't eat dairy but&nbsp; it is really really important even more so when&nbsp;&nbsp; we're on low carb ketogenic diets it's important&nbsp; to get enough electrolytes because we lose more of&nbsp;&nbsp; them when we're in ketosis and calcium of course&nbsp; is an electrolyte and while we're on this topic&nbsp;&nbsp; I just really want to highlight the importance of&nbsp; electrolytes a lot of the symptoms of the keto flu&nbsp;&nbsp; are actually caused by an electrolyte imbalance&nbsp; so it's a pretty easy fix if you can get more&nbsp;&nbsp; electrolytes in then most people won't experience&nbsp; most of the symptoms of the keto flu I always&nbsp;&nbsp; recommend supplementing electrolytes especially&nbsp; when you're first starting a keto diet sodi is&nbsp;&nbsp; one brand which I personally use and absolutely&nbsp; love their everyday hydration salts are formulated&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically for low carb diets and they contain&nbsp; no sugar or artificial ingredients you can buy&nbsp;&nbsp; them in the tub or in individual packets trust me&nbsp; if you are experiencing low energy and fatigue and&nbsp;&nbsp; headaches when you're first starting keto or even&nbsp; if you've been doing it for a while supplement&nbsp;&nbsp; electrolytes this could very likely be the problem&nbsp; and adding them in it can make such a difference&nbsp;&nbsp; I will put the link to check out Saudi in the&nbsp; description box down below along with the promo&nbsp;&nbsp; code to save 15 number six is ghee so ghee is&nbsp; butter that has had all of the protein removed it&nbsp;&nbsp; has a lot of the same benefits of butter but also&nbsp; a higher smoke point so if you're doing any high&nbsp;&nbsp; temperature cooking ghee is a great option number&nbsp; five mushrooms again these are super versatile&nbsp;&nbsp; but they're also very high in potassium which like&nbsp; calcium is an electrolyte that is important to get&nbsp;&nbsp; on a keto diet number four avocados so on the note&nbsp; of potassium avocados are another really great&nbsp;&nbsp; source usually bananas get praised for being high&nbsp; in potassium but avocados actually have more gram&nbsp;&nbsp; for gram like olives avocados are a fatty fruit&nbsp; they are low in carbs high in fat and great for&nbsp;&nbsp; keto number three wild caught salmon salmon is a&nbsp; type of fish that is higher in fat than a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; other fish and it is particularly great because&nbsp; it's high in omega-3 which is anti-inflammatory&nbsp;&nbsp; and again it also has a lot of potassium number&nbsp; two red meat Now red meat gets a bad rep but&nbsp;&nbsp; unfairly so it is super nutritious and so good&nbsp; to have on keto consuming it does not increase&nbsp;&nbsp; your cholesterol it does not increase your risk&nbsp; of heart disease the studies that have made this&nbsp;&nbsp; connection and made this claim are very weak and&nbsp; more and more we are seeing mainstream thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; shifting red meat is actually very very healthy&nbsp; and women especially should be eating more of&nbsp;&nbsp; it because a lot of us are low in iron number&nbsp; one is eggs eggs are the top food on my list&nbsp;&nbsp; they have the perfect ratio of protein and fat&nbsp; they are rich in fat soluble vitamins and they are&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely versatile just an all-around great food&nbsp; that could be included in any meal and those are&nbsp;&nbsp; the 20 best foods you can eat on a ketogenic diet&nbsp; let me know in the comment section down below what&nbsp;&nbsp; your favorite keto food is was it on this list or&nbsp; did I miss something let me know down below I love&nbsp;&nbsp; chatting with you guys in the comment section and&nbsp; I'm also going to put the link to check out sodi's&nbsp;&nbsp; everyday hydration salts in the description box&nbsp; down below if you did enjoy this video you might&nbsp;&nbsp; also enjoy my video on how to get into ketosis&nbsp; in 12 hours three simple steps you can check&nbsp;&nbsp; that out here if you want to catch up on my most&nbsp; recent upload you can find that here and if you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to check out my coaching programs including&nbsp; my seven day insulin resistance master class and&nbsp;&nbsp; also my seven day keto crash course you can find&nbsp; those here thanks guys I'll see you next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @HealthCoachKait [13 likes]: Full video on these foods and why they are the best is linked above! Or copy and paste this url https://youtu.be/vwwisKOOEqE
  2. @MustafaKarimazada [2 likes]: Kait thank you so much you change my life in one month I lost 21 pounds I just followed your instructions how to eat thank you again ❤️
  3. @VioletaOncuFlorea [1 likes]: Great choice
  4. @DaniekMccabe [1 likes]: How much yogurt can you eat can I have a full bowl or a cup full same with nuts how much am I allowed to
  5. @ywgmb35: You forgot sardines :)))
  6. @invisibleman53: Downside of doing a keto diet is, expelling ketones which smells like fingernail polish, especially my breath.
  7. @stevec6642: I absolutely love broccoli because it’s loaded with butter and Parmesan cheese 🤤
  8. @Earlineearline-pb8yp: Thank you from memphis tn
  9. @supernerd8639: How have you not developed an Aussie accent? BTW, you are right. Fatty meats are much better for insulin resistant people.
  10. @carmencarrion7563: Hey. Love what you share. Serious question. Is it smart if you are already prediabetic or diabetic and does this style of eating affect cholesterol?
  11. @Marine-sz2lf: Thank you Kait.  I feel a lot better starting Keto with your top 20 of foods to eat.  Great video!
  12. @PastowanyKaban: there is a difference between smiling and outright laughing at bizarre moments when you tell the facts, it comes out as dishonest.
  13. @DanielMundt-f7l: Cheese
  14. @skiplacoste5431: In coffee?  Oh YES!
  15. @michelledickerson7052: Excellent information!  Thank you!😊
  16. @rohanm7695: A good list, but a shame you are recommending dairy (other than butter/ghee). Dairy is sooooo bad for humans.  Please do more research.
  17. @georgiegodfrey2376: Live butter with coffee ❤
  18. @VioletaOncuFlorea: ❤
  19. @rensinavandenheuvel8882: Thank you. Best video to assist me on getting into the Keto way of eating. AND I love all those foods.
  20. @WSCEngineering: lots of talking. Very little information. Just the facts please.

- 10 Low Carb Metabolism Boosting Foods for Thyroid Support: Kind: captions Language: en thyroid hormones regulate your metabolic rate to optimize their performance you need to get the right nutrients inside of you in this video i'll share 10 low carb foods that contain these nutrients so you can eat your way to a better metabolism every cell in your body needs thyroid hormones to help generate and use energy which ultimately regulates your basal metabolic rate or bmr to do their job these metabolic hormones must get inside of your cells which is no small feat because there are three obstacles your body must overcome first your thyroid gland must make a sufficient amount of hormones next the inactive form which is t4 must be converted to the active form which is t3 and then that activated hormone must cross the cell membrane to get inside your cell where it does its job overcoming each of these obstacles requires specific nutrients you can get those nutrients into your diet with these 10 foods first on our list is shrimp i put it first because it is rich in iodine which is one of the principal nutrients needed to make thyroid hormones in fact the full name for the active t3 is triodo thyronine and if you look closely at that name you'll see that the beginning of the word tri-iodo literally means three iodine atoms are within the chemical compound the problem is that our bodies cannot make iodine so we need to get it from our diets we do that by eating iodine rich foods like shrimp or other foods that come from the sea like other kinds of seafood or even seaweed for instance iodized salt is another option for boosting the amount of iodine that you're consuming however shrimp gives you some added thyroid benefits besides iodine it has a good source of selenium which is a mineral that helps to turn the inactive form of thyroid hormones which is that t4 into the active t3 form wild salmon is a type of fish that contains many nutrients that are vital for thyroid function one of those nutrients is tyrosine which is an amino acid like iodine tyrosine is needed for your thyroid gland to make thyroid hormones salmon also provides a healthy dose of selenium which i mentioned helps with the activation of thyroid hormones and it also is rich in omega-3 fatty acids these fatty acids support the integrity of your cell membranes creating a smooth path for thyroid hormones to cross into your cells where they regulate energy production so when you include salmon in your diet you provide the nutrients needed to make activate and deliver thyroid hormones more efficiently spinach and other dark leafy greens are a great source of selenium they also have iron and zinc iron and zinc work alongside selenium to enhance the conversion of t4 to t3 zinc also supports your immune system which may offer additional support for individuals with the most common form of hypothyroidism which is an autoimmune form called hashimoto's thyroiditis spinach can be used as a base of your daily salad or it can be incorporated in a recipe or omelettes or soups and these richly colored leaves also pack a healthy serving of vitamin a which is helpful for optimizing thyroid hormone function bone broth is rich in collagen and the gut healthy amino acids glycine and proline that help to prevent or heal leaky gut a leaky gut also called increased intestinal permeability is a condition that can increase your risk of the autoimmune form of hypothyroidism with leaky gut the cell junctions that line the digestive tract wall spread apart allowing small food particles to leak out of the tract and into the blood these leaked particles provide a path for food proteins like gluten and dairy proteins as well as other digested particles to pass into your bloodstream where your immune system identifies them as foreign invaders that must be attacked because gluten and dairy molecules look a lot like thyroid cells your thyroid cells get attacked in a case of mistaken identity this is a phenomenon known as molecular mimicry and has been identified as playing a role in autoimmune diseases there are different bone broths available in liquid or powder form that easily mixes with any hot or cold drink and the added perk of bone broth is the collagen that it has supports the health of your hair skin and nails but you do need to buy quality the cheap bone broth cartons that you find in the grocery store are likely only simmered for a few hours which is not long enough to extract the collagen and the nutrients that you need to benefit your gut and ultimately your thyroid garlic is often touted for its health benefits and contains nutrients beneficial for optimal thyroid function it is a good source of selenium and it might help your body to metabolize iron a daily dose of garlic will also supply your body with b vitamins needed for the support of your immune system and help to inhibit pro-inflammatory cytokines that are involved in hashimoto's thyroiditis walnuts are a great source of plant-based omega-3 fatty acids these healthy fats support your cell membranes allowing thyroid hormones to move into your cells easily walnuts are something that i eat just about every day on my daily salad they provide a nice crunch they have a wonderful mix of macronutrients for low carb dieters even if you just have four or five walnut halves a day which is about a half of an ounce you'll get more than nine grams of healthy fats and less than two grams of carbs and while that half ounce will have 90 calories walnuts are hunger satiating making them an easy enjoyable and effective part of your overall weight loss plan now one small note according to the mayo clinic if you are taking thyroid hormone replacement medication walnuts may impair the absorption of the medication so they should not be consumed together okay next we have blueberries which are filled with the vitamins your body needs to make thyroid hormones and move your hormones into your cells and their deep rich color indicates that they are rich in antioxidants which are compounds that indirectly support thyroid health by reducing inflammation and boosting your immune system now blueberries are not the lowest carb berry but they have a favorable glycemic index of 53 so you can feel good about incorporating them into recipes without fear of a blood sugar spike that can block fat loss and trigger hunger brazil nuts are one of the most concentrated dietary sources of selenium and with only about three grams of carbs per ounce they are a satisfying way to support your thyroid function and brazil nuts as you can see are large in size and just one nut a day will be enough to meet or exceed the recommended dietary allowance for selenium which for adults is 55 micrograms coconut oil contains medium chain triglycerides or mcts that are easily metabolized to provide energy and encourage weight loss and one of the main benefits for thyroid support is the high concentration of lauric acid in coconut oil this particular mct prevents the overgrowth of gut bacteria viruses and fungi that can open the door to thyroid issues some people will stir coconut oil into their coffee but being that it remains stable when heated it is also a very good choice for cooking all right next on my list is one of my favorites which is pumpkin seeds these low carb seeds are a source of tyrosine which is the amino acid that links with iodine to make thyroid hormones being that many sources of tyrosine are animal based foods pumpkin seeds are a viable way for those who don't eat a lot of animal products to boost their tyrosine intake pumpkin seeds also supply iron and selenium which are two of the nutrients needed to convert inactive thyroid hormone to the active form you know when your thyroid hormones are doing their job your metabolism is working for you helping you burn calories and lose weight when you include these 10 low carb foods in your diet you give your body the nutrients it needs to support your thyroid and metabolism and you add to the enjoyment of your low-carb diet i put these foods together in a download for you that you can get from my website for free and i will share the links here on the video and below in the description please join my channel by clicking on the subscribe button and then the bell icon which will alert you when my next video is released thanks so much for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [57 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free List of Low-Carb Foods for Thyroid Function: https://drbeckyfitness.com/best-low-carb-foods-for-thyroid/
  2. @shwpra [17 likes]: Best information on the topic. No background music, no photos. Simple and straight to the point. Thank you Doc.
  3. @bubblegumteal3236: I hate fish so much figuring out how to eat it is not going to be fun..
  4. @johnsonchellaiah7957: Thank you for sharing me the thyroid food list, my grandmother has gone too far eating papad and mango pickle for days😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
  5. @heidiogara3618: What if you do not eat any seafood?
  6. @TheZimma: Spinach is toxic & CARCINOGENIC .
  7. @gaian2000: I just learned that I have a thyroid goiter which is small. I'm over 70 so this might be expected but I am all about using food, beverages, vitamins, minerals and other supplements to prevent disease. This stuff works but you need to talk to someone knowledgeable. This doctor seems to know more than most about preventing disease.
  8. @naturegarden471: Not shrimps... most of shrimps are farm raised
  9. @wellbodisalone: Love the explanation!
  10. @slowmopoke: Wow great job.
  11. @ChhamKhattri-h7m: Thanks for outstanding explan
  12. @rehannahorcutt3098: Thank you so very much DR. Becky!! This is a great video thanks again for sharing this!!🙏
  13. @SeniorHealth60Channel: A really refreshing take on this topic. So much of the conversation around metabolism gets stuck on the simple 'eat less, move more' mantra, which can feel like fighting a battle against your own body. Your focus on supporting a foundational system like the thyroid is a far more nuanced and empowering approach.

This leads to a deeper philosophical question I'm always exploring: Is the ultimate goal to constantly 'manage' and 'boost' our metabolism with specific inputs, or is it to create an environment (through diet, lifestyle, even mindset) where the body can find its own natural, optimal equilibrium without our constant intervention?

Essentially, are we meant to be micromanagers of our biology, or gardeners tending to the soil so it can flourish on its own? I'd love to hear what others think about this distinction.
  14. @FashionSuggestions2: I dont understand if this diet is for hypothyroid or hyperthyroid?
  15. @olenjka777: Spinach is full of oxalates, which is bad...
  16. @npnpnp858: Started eating 200g whole food carbs like potatoes every morning with these minerals and bam thyroid fixed
  17. @sedricclay3516: 🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿
  18. @7treewildlife-31: 🙏🌷❤️🎉
  19. @GabMthirdy: thank you Dr. Becky's  Good information and  very helpful .
  20. @txladywolf01: Glad you popped up on my YouTube

- High Protein Low Carb DIET PLAN for WEIGHT LOSS in Hindi | by IMWOW: Kind: captions Language: en Hello hello everyone welcome back to I am Bhav diet plan serial in a minute many people asked me to share non vegetarian diet plan so today I dietician Retail Godwani have brought with you a non vegetarian weight loss diet plan which is high in protein, low in calories, easy to make, contains 250 carbs from 125 grams fennel, 125 grams fennel carbohydrates let's start today's diet plan [sangeet] here you will take water to make it, you will mix it well boil it for 5 to 7 minutes after boiling it, it means it has cold effect because today we are going to see diet plan for non vegetarians, try to balance the hot effect of non veg as much as possible, somewhere in daily routine include cold food drink water will help a lot in the morning, in this you will have to take 10 grams fennel, orange guava, white of it, whatever non veg we have, take a little request, no matter how nicely Make it, it contains a little natural cholesterol, it is important, but we should keep this in mind, we should keep balancing it, so somewhere in the to-do list, definitely subscribe to Vitamin D once, let's look at Paris, what to have in Day One, here we have to have vegetable egg omelette, to make it we will use free eggs, one of these will be gola goga, the other two will be egg whites and 200 grams of fennel from vegetable which has to be taken in cross, one pen of fennel west, to make this you will use two slices of brown bread, Dhawan whole leg and one egg white and 1 gram fennel, I will use one and a half break, we have to take grilled chicken sandwich, in this you will use 100 grams of fennel, cleaner vegetable grams of its true lines of brown bread pizza, one piece of one paratha, 30 grams of 9th class ninth, you can use any of these like jowar bajra nach, a piece of moong dal, gram flour, gram flour, sheela, to make this you will use 200 grams of fennel Moong dal, 10 grams fennel, gram flour and 150 grams fennel, seasonal vegetables will be used. This is a quite interesting recipe which is fennel coat. To make this, you will use 10 grams of torn dry ginger, 20 grams of milk in one hour. To make 10 grams of fennel, first of all you take it, here you can take fried roll donut, boil it well in milk till its consistency becomes a little stable, then boil it in it, chop it and add it, mix it well. Add 10 grams of dhan to it. To bring a little sweet in it, you can use one teaspoon of honey on top or you can add one teaspoon of jaggery at the time of violin. I am practicing seven. 2 Pizza Bread Paneer Stuffed Dosa with 6 grams of fennel Coconut Chutney To make Paneer Dosa, take 30 grams of fennel, paneer, 250 grams of seasonal vegetables and two tablespoons and You will use dosa batter. Now let's move towards mid morning. Here you will need a glass of ABC smooth. To make this, add grams of beetroot and water for 8 minutes. Add a little black salt and lemon juice here because it is alkaline fiber. If we take a non-vegetarian diet, then our quantity increases a little on gas. So to balance it, we will add a little bit of cold serum food and fiber rich food. Now let's move towards lunch. You have to take it daily according to 30 grams. To make this, you will use 10 grams of fennel, 5 grams of tomato paste. To make this, you will use grams of fennel, 5 grams of fennel. To make multi grain biryani, you will use 30 grams of fennel. To make 150 grams of egg bhurji, you will use 150 grams of vegetable oil and along with it take one multigrain roti. In difficult, you have to take grams of chicken breast, 200 grams of fennel and fennel for making multigrain roti. 150 grams of vegetable, 150 grams of fennel, medium size multigrain, here we will use coconut milk, pure coconut, so to make this, 5 grams of fennel, 5 grams of fennel, you can use it in tomato gravy or you can use coconut milk, from the alphabet towards the fins, here you have to take one spoon, next to make this you have to take 10 grams of dry ginger, roasted gram, 20 grams of roasted nuts, 20 grams of walnuts, spices and along with it you have to take 200 grams of salt, onion, tomato, cucumber, you can use all these things and to increase the flavour you can add lemon juice, salt, pepper and a little chaat masala, you have to get justice, one drop of lemon water, salt and sugar should not be added in it, only plain lemon water has to be taken, so till now you must have seen that somewhere or the other we have balanced the weight and protein of the launch in practice make, but we have balanced the protein in this is because we will not take any work, you If you do not take any type of protein then protein will not be able to do its work. The job of a deposit of protein is to provide energy. The job of a substance is to provide energy. The work of protein in the maintenance of the body is the formation of body building oil. If we just go on a high protein diet and stop it and do not take it at all, then protein will stop its work and start working as carbohydrate, which is to provide energy. You will not be able to do any of this in bodybuilding. Therefore, always keep in mind that there should always be a balance of carbohydrates, proteins and fats. You may increase the protein content a little. The points table is for dinner. On day one of the winner's exam, you have to take one plate of great nutrition in which you will use 10 grams of chicken breast and 10 grams of green chilli vegetables, in which you can also use broccoli, pepper, onion, French beans. In the dinner of the issue, you have to take 10 grams of fennel bun with 10 grams of potato. Here, if any is available in the year, then go to the availables page. You can also use it. Okay, for dinner you have to take chilli curry. To make it, you will take one flat roti in which you can use 30 grams of almonds, 4 grams of soft vegetables and 4 grams of coriander and to bring the flavour you can use a little chilli sauce or homemade tomato sauce. For dinner you have to take chicken soup. To make it, you will use 4 grams of chopped chicken breast and 150 grams of pimple remover along with 200 grams of walnuts and mushrooms. For dinner of small five you have to take 4 grams of fish cutlet i.e. switch tikki. To make it, you can use 4 grams of fennel, 50 grams of bread, 4 grams of fennel seeds, 25 grams of love boy, 10 grams of lemon juice and 10 grams of weight vegetables. Mix all these well and give it in the form of tikki and you can serve it. Along with this you have to take 10 grams of milkshake. To make this, you have to take one fried rice. Well we will use 150 grams of vegetable oil in the recipe, one tablespoon of olive oil liquid after that chop chop green chillies [music] and these vegetables have to be cooked a little bit and after losing the mixture do not add any more and boil it and add some chopped digested tomatoes we will fry the Star * bread * or kadhai 11 and add it with the force of the fry so that it connects with the navel it will start to unite and it will come in the form of basil now we will add spices in it so that it is red chilli powder red and black pepper and again with everything from after it is cooked we will do it on the right side because this is fried rice and it is Chinese so to give it a touch of spice we are adding vinegar and soya sauce in it and mix it again and finally you will put fourth spring coriander on it which is another hand ingredient of Chinese once again mix everything in it mix it into a plate [music] on a pan we will fry a little bit We will take oil and put another plate on top of it, we have to fry it half and fry it from only one side, so don't like it well, remove wrinkles from both sides, scars and black pepper and profit 120 taste of places on top of your egg fried rice, for garnishing you can add a little spring onion on top of it and with this our fried rice is ready, sweet heart in javed east spanish dinner you have to take specific fried vegetables, to make this you will use 5 grams fennel, pitch and 200 grams oxygen vegetables, then your milk plant, we have seen that it is high in protein, iron is unlimited calories, so this is not only important for weight loss, we should also do it ourselves because a little output of gallbladder is also important for weight loss, so try to take out at least 20 to 30 minutes somewhere in the day for any physical activity, be it yoga, sl sl or cardio, weight training, anything Before doing this, you can take a cup every night time relaxing coffee is very important for us and especially when we are on a high protein diet because protein does its work throughout the night in cell recovery, sleep is very important in information, if you want to do it then its link is in the description box, if you liked today's video then if yes then do not forget to like, subscribe to this channel for more such plants, like, subscribe, if you want to see, do tell me in the comment section, in the next video I am now and forever

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cheezyfizz2 [5 likes]: Very varities of dishes...mam plz make video on high protein veg diet meal plan also ..plz
  2. @kanishappyhub [1 likes]: Mam please share south Indian diet plan for working mom..it will be very helpful for working moms
  3. @niveditanandi1912 [1 likes]: Weight loss diet plan during periods please
  4. @priyadas5598 [1 likes]: Ma'am please share bengali diet plan video 🙏
  5. @wajihafatima2760: Hello can u share how many calories in this plan , thankx in advance
  6. @nazninahmad8686: Hello, I wanted to know how many calories this diet plan is?
  7. @JyotsanaPurty: Jis ko egg pasand nhi hai
  8. @kanchansharma6463: Pls veg deit plan sha kary
  9. @kanwarpreetkaur9850: When u say 1 multigrain roti then how much atta should we take ?
  10. @kanwarpreetkaur9850: Very nice 👌
  11. @kanwarpreetkaur9850: Dosa batter konsa any mtr ?
  12. @PujaSingh-rz2nh: Ye non veg diet chart  kitne calorie ka hai. Give the macros plzzz
  13. @geetakhurana6864: Sry I m totaly vegetarian so video nahi dekhi
NXT tym vegies video zaroor dekhungi
  14. @niveditanandi1912: Milk and other dairy products can be taken during periods?
  15. @tinimehta306: Ma'am veg diet bhi share karna
  16. @tasneemshaikh6870: Mem aapk diat plan se mene 85 se 72 whight kiya he ab aur 4 kg whight kam krna he ye diat plan se ho jayega
  17. @tasneemshaikh6870: Wowww subse behtarine diat plan mem i love this diat plan  fish chikan  egg my favourite and so yummmy recepies thnks 👌
  18. @sathimaitra1119: Thank you, Thank you, Thank you for this diet plan. Thank you mam. Love you❤❤❤❤❤. Lots of love from kolkata.

- 10 Things I WISH I Knew Before Eating A High Protein Diet… [High Protein Diet For Weight Loss]: Kind: captions Language: en protein is one of the most effective tools for fat loss for weight loss for longevity maintaining healthy muscle maintaining bone mass and I definitely didn't always eat enough protein to see those benefits but now that I am eating enough protein there are 10 things that I wish I knew before I started eating a higher protein diet that would have made my life and wellness goals and weight loss goals so much easier let's dive into it my name is Autumn I'm a certified clinical nutritionist with my Master's nutrition Human Performance and that first thing is that eating a higher protein diet is not just for bodybuilders a lot of women myself included tended to shy away from a higher protein intake or even just getting enough protein in general because there's this idea that higher protein is really only needed for bodybuilders or that you're going to get bulky if you eat too much protein but boy is this wrong women especially should really be focusing on high quality protein sources because it helps to maintain the metabolism so the metabolism doesn't go down helps to maintain muscle mass and toning and it helps to protect from bone loss ultimately helping to protect from osteoporosis and to hop it all off eating of protein is one of the easiest ways to completely get rid of a sugar tooth this was one of the main tools that I did to help get rid of my sugar addiction and it is crazy how effective it is okay the second thing I wish I knew is that you can't get enough protein just from eating a very diet there's this myth going around that you can get enough protein from pretty much all different sources of food and I definitely fell into the camp of believing this because this is something that even in nutrition school for my undergrad they still talked about and maybe this is the case if you're in the habit of eating high quality protein rich foods like grap yogurt eggs chicken beef but if you're not our environment is so full of Highly processed carbohydrates and so low in protein that it can be really easy to overlook carbs and especially processed carbs dominate most people's meals with wheat corn rice oatmeal and even if you're following a higher fat diet or a keto diet it's also easy to just fill up on fats before you ever get enough protein eating enough protein to actually see the weight loss and health benefits of it really requires constructing your meals around a high quality protein Source not adding it in as an afterthought or not just assuming you can get it from any type of food the third thing I wish I knew is that it's literally the most effective tool for weight loss but specifically for fat loss studies comparing high protein diets to typical calorie restriction and even intermittent fasting have found that it is the best for helping achieve a fat loss and weight loss goal while also maintaining muscle mass and therefore metabolism and eating higher protein intake helps make you feel full and satisfied so achieving your goals is so much easier this is why I never recommend using the typical Cal restriction approach but instead pairing strategies like eating high quality protein with intermittent fasting to really double down on the benefits in fact you can check out what I eat a day of intermittent fasting with higher protein intake I'll have that video linked right up here okay the fourth thing I wish I knew is to not use the scale to measure progress using the scale can be such a frustrating and inacurate experience because the scale only measures your total mass it doesn't tell you if you've lost muscle if you've lost fat or even if you've lost bone and I recently experienced this during my postpartum weight loss journey I had a scale at home that I would use just to kind of like touch in on my progress but I would also get about once every 6 weeks an inbody D which measures your body fat and muscle mass I was also taking measurements to help keep track of my body composition and there's a period of time especially early on when I was losing a lot of inches and therefore a lot of body fat but the scale literally didn't move this is because eating a higher protein intake helps you hold on to muscle mass or even slightly increase it while losing body fat so it could look like a net zero loss on the scale which can just absolutely mess with your mind instead it's important to measure what actually matters which is changes in muscle mass and and fat Mass this is where using a tape measure or if you have access to a body fat and muscle mass scanner like an inbody at the gym are so much better okay the fifth thing I wish I knew is that the protein in those calorie tracker apps don't really count now if you're someone who likes to track their food watch out for the protein listed on your app it's super deceiving because the apps only account for total protein not protein quality and quality really matters if you want to see body recomposition results there's a study that compared a vegetarian diet and an omnivorous diet both were eating the same amount of total protein but those eating a more omnivorous diet had higher muscle mass than those eating a vegetarian diet even though they're eating the same exact amount of protein now it doesn't mean that you can't be plant-based or vegetarian and see great results but it's important that you really pay attention to the quality which I have a full blog post if you want to check that out I will have it linked down description below it's a great resource to help you navigate through the best sources of protein regardless of which proteins that you prefer okay the sixth thing I wish I knew is that it's actually kind of hard to eat eat that much protein this shocked me when I first started to really pay attention to my protein intake because as I was trying to aim for a certain amount of protein that was significantly higher than what I was eating before I was getting so full and So Satisfied that it sometimes made it hard to actually eat all the protein I needed I found this with a lot of my clients too especially if you're used to just typical calorie restriction and feeling that kind of constant sense of hunger it can feel really strange to feel satisfied from your meal and still achieving your results like it feels like you should be hungry in order to achieve your results but in reality protein just makes you So Satisfied and when you eat enough of it you're just not even hungry okay the seven thing I wish I knew is that protein must be split evenly it's been found that about 30 gram of protein is needed to help stimulate muscle protein synthesis which really just means new muscle growth and to stop muscle breakdown or muscle loss with that in mind we want to make sure that all of our meals have about 30 Gams of protein each so that we can see the best Body recomposition Benefits which is also why I'm not a huge fan of intermittent ing protocols like omad which is one meal a day because you're eating all of your protein needs within that 1 hour period which can make it really easy to underere on protein because it is so satiating but you're also likely not going to get those same muscle protection benefits as splitting it up between three meals I personally follow an intermittent fasting protocol of about 14 to 15 hours so that I can allow for three meals within my eating window okay the eth thing I wish I knew is just exactly how much protein I really needed everyone's needs are so different depending on their goals and their health history and even each person's protein needs can change over time especially when you factor in things like fitness goals where that can increase your protein needs or simply being 50 or older which can dramatically increase our protein needs by about 25% A good rule thumb for most people is to multiply their current weight in pounds by 73 to find out how much protein they need some people like if you're an athlete or if you're over the age of 50 or 60 might need more but this is a good place to start and if you measure your weight in kilogram you can multiply that by 1.6 okay the ninth thing I wish I knew is that the right protein powder makes hitting your needs so much easier I prioritize eating my protein from high quality whole food sources and then I strategically add in my zero sugar high quality protein powder into meals that I know are usually lower in protein this makes sure that I'm hitting at least that 30 g of protein per meal and it makes it so much more tasty I use my zero sugar protein powder stirred into Greek yogurt or I'll make protein pancakes or chocolate chip protein waffles oh my gosh my favorite lately all even stirred into my grain-free oatmeal or Chia pudding it's just such an easy way to add a solid 20 g of protein into a meal without any sugar plus every bag of my protein powder comes with a free download that contains 10 delicious super simple recipes using my protein powder so if you guys haven't tested out my zero sugar protein powder before I'll have it linked down description below but you can also find it at autum L nutrition.com shop okay the 10th thing I wish I knew is that you need to hit those protein amounts in order to actually see the benefits from exercise I've always exercised I've done a ton of different types of training but I always found it really hard to gain muscle mass and I'm not looking to be Arnold I just wanted a little bit extra toning a couple extra pounds of muscle for the metabolism for the health benefits and honestly just for the toning benefits and it wasn't until I paired my resistance training with eating enough protein that I really actually started to see the benefits from my workouts I'm still working toward those goals but I'm actually seeing progress now and that's because protein is needed to repair muscles after a workout otherwise if you work out and you don't eat enough protein you're just break breaking your muscles down and never allowing it to rebuild now if you want to see what I eat in a day to hit 100 g of protein you can check out this video next also if you're new to my channel and you love the science back information make sure you subscribe right here come out new videos every Tuesday and Thursday all right guys thanks so much tuning in and I'll see you in my next [Music] video

  Top Comments:
  1. @fictitiousnightmares [2 likes]: Hmm, funny how I somehow have lived 55 years without worrying about getting 'enough' protein and I am not only still alive but doing just fine.  But by god a youtuber says I am wrong...smh  Oh and btw, when 9 of your 10 things are "protein" it isn't 10 items.
  2. @CalmVibesVee [1 likes]: When I lower my carbs to 150 and increase my protein to 130 my energy in the gym is very poor. 
I’m still on hunt for energy and satiety in calorie deficit
  3. @Ikke-t4l [1 likes]: The upside Down pyramide 💪💪 Southpark was right again 😂😂
  4. @VFGSP [1 likes]: @autumnbates Can you clarify the amount of protein to consume? In 2 other videos you mentioned that the amount of protein to consume was 0.75g of protein per pound of weight but in this video you mentioned that in fact is 1.2g of protein per pound of weight and for very active people id 1.6g of protein per pound of weight... Which one is correct? Thanks!
  5. @daveatkin7557: Is it unavoidable to get bad wind on a high protein diet?
  6. @cereal9249: It’s make me poop at work
  7. @wowjwalters: I’m liking your video. Your information is solid. The only thing I don’t like is having to eat fish. I can handle a little bit, but I know some people eat fish for breakfast and maybe that’s great for some but for me that it won’t work for me.
  8. @Heiressparis3: How do I do this without clogging my arteries?
  9. @frontoffice9114: I hate the scale!
  10. @crackle6875: Thank you very much!
  11. @barbaragibson4488: Hard to follow, talks too fast
  12. @joanc551: i wish i knew that a high protein diet causes the trains to get stacked up at the station-- no one talks about this but it's a thing at the beginning, I dont notice it as much now because Ive consciously added fiber  and foods to counteract
  13. @readytobeready4600: Were you previously raw vegan or high carb low fat? Wondering why you're so familiar to me.
  14. @Jen84601: I have psoriasis and and I'm thinking about doing the autoimmune protocol diet which pretty much eliminates all the protein that I've been eating and drinking so now I don't know what to do I really thought the protein powder that I was drinking was really good for me it has 50 superfoods however it has wire gum and xanthan gum and has vegetables that are to be eliminated and almonds are are a nut I have to eliminate so an eggs and dairy so how the heck can I get 90 g of protein a day and I don't like fish lol and especially for breakfast hahaha
  15. @JakobA.Nielsen: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman's weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  16. @ArriwProse: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman's weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  17. @WilliamE.Vestergaard: If you’re struggling with weight loss, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth is the book you need. It’s amazing
  18. @AmandaW.Schultz: Best thing I ever did was reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, after applying the knowledge I got from the book I feel like the cellulite is magically disappearing from my body
  19. @MaggidaTubbs: The fact that nobody talks about the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, speaks volumes about how people are stuck in a trance
  20. @ГалинаКузнецо: The insights in Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth blew my mind! I’ve tried so many different things, but this book gave me real, actionable steps to see results. Highly recommend!

- Weight Loss Made Easy! | High Protein | Low Calorie | Low Carb: Kind: captions Language: en if you struggle with staying on track because you&nbsp; get hungry and you don't have things prepped and&nbsp;&nbsp; then you're like let's just go get something&nbsp; to eat this is going to save you I'm telling [Music] you hey guys welcome back to my channel&nbsp; I'm Mayra from low carb love now most of you know&nbsp;&nbsp; that I've lost over 100 lb so today I wanted to&nbsp; show you how I meal prep so I'm going to meal prep&nbsp;&nbsp; for my week and I figured I would just share it&nbsp; with you because this really helps me throughout&nbsp;&nbsp; the week makes my life so much easier it helps&nbsp; keep me on track and I have nutritious meals that&nbsp;&nbsp; I could literally just grab retread into my fridge&nbsp; or freezer and then dinner is served within 20&nbsp;&nbsp; minutes so I feel like a lot of us during the week&nbsp; we feel like it's hard to make healthy meals so we&nbsp;&nbsp; go out get some takeout get some fast food when in&nbsp; reality it is so much easier and it can actually&nbsp;&nbsp; save you a lot more money than you think so so&nbsp; trust me I am one that sometimes after a long day&nbsp;&nbsp; I get super super tired and I'll go grab something&nbsp; next thing you know I've spent $70 on a meal that&nbsp;&nbsp; I could have cooked at home for like 15 bucks so&nbsp; this is great whether you live at home alone and&nbsp;&nbsp; you're meal prepping or if you have a family and&nbsp; you're just trying to make meals quick that are&nbsp;&nbsp; easy and delicious okay so I'm going to start off&nbsp; with the salmon salmon um whenever I meal prepping&nbsp;&nbsp; and I have some type of fish that in my head is&nbsp; what I'm going to cook either that day or the very&nbsp;&nbsp; next day because I feel like seafood is just a&nbsp; little bit more sensitive when it comes to timing&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so unless you're going to toss this into&nbsp; the freezer um your fish should always be like&nbsp;&nbsp; what you're cooking the very next day so for this&nbsp; recipe here I'm making a teriyaki salmon you can&nbsp;&nbsp; cook this in the oven you can cook it stove top or&nbsp; you could even toss it in the air fryer the best&nbsp;&nbsp; thing of it all is when you're prepping it you're&nbsp; making all of them together so the only time that&nbsp;&nbsp; you're spending cooking technically or prepping&nbsp; for the whole week is on Sunday or whenever you&nbsp;&nbsp; decide that you are prepping for your meals okay&nbsp; so first things first toss in your salmon so I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; just going to toss that right into our bag I'm&nbsp; doing a bag so that you can see everything that&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm you know basically everything that I'm putting&nbsp; into it but you can use glass containers you can&nbsp;&nbsp; use whatever basically whatever you have on hand&nbsp; then we have asparagus okay now asparagus you just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to make sure you cut off about 2 to 3 in&nbsp; from the ends cuz that part we do not need that&nbsp;&nbsp; and then we have some green beans okay so we want&nbsp; those greens now for this I really love adding&nbsp;&nbsp; veggies cuz I feel like it just not only doesn't&nbsp; add fiber but it also adds bulk to the meal and&nbsp;&nbsp; it just turns out perfect because imagine pairing&nbsp; this you can pair it with a little salad you can&nbsp;&nbsp; pair it with a little rice you can pair it with&nbsp; a little CLI rice it all works out okay and now&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to do garlic so this is fresh garlic&nbsp; okay now can you use um powdered garlic absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; will it taste the same not quite will it still be&nbsp; delicious yes now for the sauce I'm using a Paleo&nbsp;&nbsp; so this is a Paleo keto teriyaki sauce this one um&nbsp; just grabbed it on Thrive super simple low carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; this only has five carbs and um only four g of&nbsp; sugar so typically teriyaki sauce is loaded with&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar okay so we're going to add that straight&nbsp; onto our salmon and onto our veggies just added&nbsp;&nbsp; right in there this is going to marinate your&nbsp; salmon so you could if you're not into salmon&nbsp;&nbsp; you could definitely do a teriyaki chicken okay&nbsp; I'm going to add in a little bit of Ginger so of&nbsp;&nbsp; course if you have fresh ginger ginger um fresh&nbsp; ginger is amazing I feel like it also has a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of healing properties and it just it just gives&nbsp; it that little bite that you're looking for but&nbsp;&nbsp; powder ginger is just as good so if that's all&nbsp; you have then use it a little salt and pepper now&nbsp;&nbsp; this teryi sauce because it is low sugar it is not&nbsp; super duper sweet so I like to add a little bit of&nbsp;&nbsp; sweetness so I'm adding just a little bit of honey&nbsp; and this is a sugar-free honey so you can add in&nbsp;&nbsp; like a little sweetener you can add in a little&nbsp; bit of whichever sweetener you typically use you&nbsp;&nbsp; can add for this I just kind of zip it up and make&nbsp; sure that everything gets coated in that sauce&nbsp;&nbsp; okay but this is is a great way to make teriyaki&nbsp; chicken teriyaki beef teriyaki salmon so I'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to show you right now how I make my Greek uh&nbsp; it's like a Greek lemon chicken it's absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; delicious you're going to love it any one of&nbsp; these These are kind of on repeat so any one&nbsp;&nbsp; of these that you try you're going to absolutely&nbsp; love the next one I just love it on a salad so let&nbsp;&nbsp; me go ahead and put this aside and um show you the&nbsp; chicken so before we move on to our next freezer&nbsp;&nbsp; meal prep I wanted to show you my order from&nbsp; Thrive if you've been following me for a while&nbsp;&nbsp; you know I love Thrive I've been ordering for them&nbsp; for over 3 years get all my specialty ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of the ingredients that are kind of hard&nbsp; to get here and there Thrive will always have&nbsp;&nbsp; them they actually have something for everyone&nbsp; like whether you're keto you're vegan your paleo&nbsp;&nbsp; they're a great place to find those ingredients&nbsp; like I am glutenfree I like to order a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; gluten-free stuff keto stuff things that are just&nbsp; really clean that don't have those preservatives&nbsp;&nbsp; and ingredients that we just don't you know I&nbsp; just don't want to be putting that into my body I&nbsp;&nbsp; always find them on thrive um Thrive is an online&nbsp; membership market so you get everything online&nbsp;&nbsp; it's super convenient they're delivered straight&nbsp; to my door you're guaranteed a savings right now&nbsp;&nbsp; Thrive is offering 30% off your first order plus a&nbsp; free gift up to $60 so it just makes life so much&nbsp;&nbsp; easier and a lot of times um I have to go shopping&nbsp; to different stores to find certain ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; and Thrive just makes it so much easier really&nbsp; really does okay so this is my Greek lemon chicken&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so this right here think of putting it over&nbsp; a salad with a lot of veggies like cucumber and&nbsp;&nbsp; tomato and like Feta like this chicken right here&nbsp; is it I'm telling you so this is just chicken&nbsp;&nbsp; breast just diced it you know you're just going to&nbsp; dice it to your liking I don't like them too big&nbsp;&nbsp; or too small okay so we have our poito right in&nbsp; the bag then we have our garlic again some fresh&nbsp;&nbsp; garlic okay you're making Greek food usually&nbsp; you're going to add in the those fresh herbs um&nbsp;&nbsp; we are going to do a little bit of salt and pepper&nbsp; okay we are going to use some oregano okay so make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure you get a good amount in there Greek food has&nbsp; a lot of oregano this is just optional I just feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like when you add the zest it adds so much more&nbsp; lemon flavor versus just like the acidic flavor&nbsp;&nbsp; of the lemon juice so just going to do a little we&nbsp; have our zest and now I'm just going to squeeze in&nbsp;&nbsp; about half a lemon because this one's really juicy&nbsp; so we're going to add in a little Deon mustard&nbsp;&nbsp; so the Deon mustard and then I'm just going to&nbsp; finish it off with a little avocado oil and for&nbsp;&nbsp; this one you do want to go in there and you want&nbsp; to make sure you get a good amount so this here is&nbsp;&nbsp; our Greek lemony chicken um once we're done I'm&nbsp; going to I always right what it is and then the&nbsp;&nbsp; date in case I'm freezing it I will know what&nbsp; it is because once things get into the freezer&nbsp;&nbsp; it's always so hard to tell what it is so the only&nbsp; thing I will say is if you're doing it with fish&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure that the fish you are cooking it the the&nbsp; next day just to be safe you know and the last one&nbsp;&nbsp; is our beef stir fry okay now beef is one of my&nbsp; favorite proteins I just love it because it keeps&nbsp;&nbsp; me really nice and full the seasoning will be all&nbsp; up to you you I'm just showing you how easy it is&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a beef stir fry U meal prep so start off&nbsp; with our steak okay now at this point you can just&nbsp;&nbsp; use your favorite steak of choice we're going&nbsp; to add in some avocado oil so that everything&nbsp;&nbsp; will just stick like in terms of seasoning okay&nbsp; so avocado oil I'm using a little Cajun this is&nbsp;&nbsp; like a little smoky Cajun it's a spice blend I&nbsp; love using Blends because they're already they&nbsp;&nbsp; have all that flavor like this one has a little&nbsp; bit of it has onion garlic paprika it has mustard&nbsp;&nbsp; it has smoke flavor so it has like a little bit&nbsp; of everything already in it I'm just going to&nbsp;&nbsp; go ahead and probably do about a tablespoon for&nbsp; me stir fry I feel like you always have to have&nbsp;&nbsp; onion I personally love red onion so onion is a&nbsp; must in my personal humble opinion bell peppers&nbsp;&nbsp; um the red bell peppers I think it looks pretty&nbsp; and I don't know if you knew this but the red bell&nbsp;&nbsp; pepper actually has the most vitamins out of all&nbsp; the peppers so and then we have some jalapenos but&nbsp;&nbsp; as you can see here I took out the seeds and most&nbsp; of the veins most people think that the heat is&nbsp;&nbsp; in the seeds but actually the heat from jalapenos&nbsp; is in the veins so if you if you like the taste&nbsp;&nbsp; of jalapenos but you don't like the heat so much&nbsp; make sure you remove the vein okay and then we&nbsp;&nbsp; have some asparagus look at that okay good amount&nbsp; of asparagus I feel like with stir fries it's&nbsp;&nbsp; always great to just have veggies and onions and&nbsp; peppers it just makes it all that better and then&nbsp;&nbsp; um because this is like a smokey this is a smoky&nbsp; Cajun I'm going to add a little bit of sweetness&nbsp;&nbsp; just to kind of balance it all out and again this&nbsp; is just a sugar-free honey and that's it make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; you kind of toss it all but I absolutely love&nbsp; it like look at this this is so I mean it you&nbsp;&nbsp; it just screams out nutritious high protein you're&nbsp; on track like I feel like when I see these in my&nbsp;&nbsp; fridge one it makes me want to cook because I&nbsp; already know it's effortless I'm just going to&nbsp;&nbsp; grab it and cook it but two I just it makes me&nbsp; feel good about what I'm putting into my body&nbsp;&nbsp; so if you struggle with staying on track because&nbsp; you get hungry and you don't have things prepped&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you're like let's just go get something&nbsp; to eat this is going to save you I'm telling you&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you're trying to stay on track or you're&nbsp; trying to eat low car but your family's not then&nbsp;&nbsp; you can make a Potter rice for them and make some&nbsp; collie rice for you or make like a salad for you&nbsp;&nbsp; and then just have a small amount of whatever it&nbsp; is that the family is having I feel like at the&nbsp;&nbsp; end of the day those are things that you can do&nbsp; to not only help you stay on track but also make&nbsp;&nbsp; it sustainable because I feel like a lot of people&nbsp; when they're trying to lose weight they do it in&nbsp;&nbsp; a way that is so restrictive and in a way that is&nbsp; just not sustainable and then they end up falling&nbsp;&nbsp; off the wagon imagine having these in your fridge&nbsp; they're right there waiting for you for let's say&nbsp;&nbsp; Monday Tuesday Wednesday always beef I leave it&nbsp; for later in the week because I know that beef&nbsp;&nbsp; what's the word I know that it could last a little&nbsp; longer in the fridge so um I used fish first then&nbsp;&nbsp; chicken then beef and it's great even if you do&nbsp; these three Monday Tuesday Wednesday and then on&nbsp;&nbsp; Wednesday you can prep for you know prep another 2&nbsp; three days all right so there you have it a little&nbsp;&nbsp; fish chicken and beef meal prep this honestly just&nbsp; makes life so much easier I cannot wait to hear&nbsp;&nbsp; what you think if you make these please come back&nbsp; and let me know this is just a great hack makes&nbsp;&nbsp; life easier and helps keep you on track so if you&nbsp; like this video make sure you hit that like button&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to hit that little bell notification&nbsp; so that you're reminded every time I post a video&nbsp;&nbsp; just like this and if you have friends and family&nbsp; that are trying to lose weight that are trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; eat healthier share this video share my Channel&nbsp; with them you never know it might be really really&nbsp;&nbsp; helpful but thank you so much for being here&nbsp; I love you and I'll see you on my next video m

  Top Comments:
  1. @LowCarbLove [38 likes]: Do you meal prep? ❤
  2. @No_More_Extra_Pounds [6 likes]: Such a time-saver! I'm definitely going to try these meal prep bags to stay on track with my weight loss goals this week.  Thanks for the inspiration!
  3. @ree-reeshree9885: How has everyone cooked these? Also love that you can use some the same ingredients for each meal so you are not wasting .
  4. @ToWanDa008: Definitely will be trying the beef stir fry!
  5. @stephanie-gwen: Mayra!

You are a godsend! ❤ New sub - loving your recipes, even my kids love them! Thank you for making low carb life so much easier.. i’m not naturally a great cook and your recipes are helping me on my keto journey… You’re the best!
  6. @Velia_Luz: Tried them all ! They’re so good ! Thanks Mayra
  7. @Enoirtad: Are they like one serving preps?
  8. @rebeccacory6569: I've never seen sugarfree honey. Real honey doesn't have added sugar.
  9. @sylviawilliams4712: More of these low carb meal prep
  10. @sylviawilliams4712: I'm a working and would love to have these meal prep
  11. @meba-zg5ix: Where should we put them in freezer or
  12. @saramonson990: Love your channel ❤️❤️❤️
  13. @priscillapulido8722: Thank u so much I truly needed this and love how informative you are about how to prep and what meats to use first
  14. @ColleenBuford: You spoke to me from the very first minute!  That is me... if I prep my eating stays clean and on track, if I don't prep it goes sideways real fast! LOL!  Thank you for the ideas!
  15. @patriciafitchett7290: How many people will one freezer meal feed?
  16. @杜書瑋-z2e: Do you put in freezer if you’re not using the bag immediately?
  17. @dinusit441: The fact that nobody talks about the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, speaks volumes about how people are stuck in a trance
  18. @Mr.Kingen: dont use plastic bags, microplastics are harmful
  19. @letycantero: What veggies do you use with the chicken? I might have missed it, but I didn’t hear what you pair it with and there were no veggies on the bag.
  20. @GoldenNinja777: wish I lived in America to get these food delivery deals like this one and hello fresh or w.e it's called.
must be nice , especially for meal prep for work like what i have to do

- THE KETO DIET- Rich Piana: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up everyone today I want to talk about the keto diet I'm a big fan of the keto diet I've used it tons of times also the Atkins diet the difference is Atkins is higher fats um you know and it's the keto diet you tend to stick to the healthier fats the Atkins diet it's whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] goes sausage cheese whatever butter uh my body works great on both of those diets but what I found out is I get super shredded I get super lean very quickly with zero carbs but I can't put any muscle on so it's not a diet in my opinion for someone trying to get big and trying to put as much muscle on as possible carbs are definitely necessary when trying to put that size on um I can almost tell you that I think carbs are more important than protein when it's when you're talking about trying to get huge so the keto diet is a great diet but you need to know when to use it and when not to use it the guys out there that are trying to get big my opinion stay away from the keto diet guys that already have that size they want to lean out quick or maybe overweight people out there that want to lean out quick the keto diet is incredible so uh give it a try but hopefully this helps

  Top Comments:
  1. @dreamgames8551 [55 likes]: R.I.P. Rich.I'm still using your advice.
  2. @RambomanXX [14 likes]: Straight to the point, I love this man
  3. @clintt5939 [6 likes]: still watching in dec 23' miss u rich RIP
  4. @josephbrown3647 [3 likes]: Miss your videos man. RIP 🙏 still a fan
  5. @Patrick11223 [2 likes]: Pint of Ben and Jerry’s every night, Right Babe! Are you doing whatever it takes!
  6. @ПавлеСтошић [2 likes]: 0:56
  7. @ja.pavol8958 [2 likes]: Miss you big guy. :(
  8. @PeterMortensenLit [2 likes]: Why did you have to die u ass... I freaking miss you 🤦🏼‍♂️❤️
  9. @youssefrostom9595 [1 likes]: CARBS=MASS=STRENGTH👑
  10. @vincentvalentine8303 [1 likes]: R.I.P BROTHER
  11. @UKVATO [1 likes]: Do you have to do cardio on keto diet.
  12. @canaldesalud1830 [1 likes]: Love it broh owsome advice you just say 199% truth miss you
  13. @SATURNINE30 [1 likes]: RIP
  14. @ro_x [1 likes]: Always great info.. always kept it real man... God dammit!!!!
  15. @PartTimeNinjas [1 likes]: Short, sweet, and to the fuckin point. THANK YOU FOR THIS.
  16. @dakotawalker7117 [1 likes]: 5% fans help me with the keto diet! what are some good meal examples for the keto diet??
  17. @MiguelAgel-f1u4k: Atu..hijo
  18. @MiguelAgel-f1u4k: Ayudamer
  19. @wat3rmel0ns72: this mf the best. RIP GOAT RICH PIANA
  20. @jparks6544: misinformation for sure.

- Starchy vs. Non Starchy Vegetables on a Low Carb Diet: Kind: captions Language: en vegetables are healthy carbs but if you're on a low-carb diet you'll get better results if you pick non starchy vegetables over starchy ones in this video explain how to tell the difference hi I'm dr. Becky from dr. Becky Fitness comm I'm a college instructor of the science of nutrition I have here in front of me two groups of vegetables this group is comprised of non starchy vegetables and this group contains starchy ones starch is a term that describes the carbohydrate molecule if something is a starchy food then it contains a long chain of sugar molecules bonded together so starchy vegetables contain more carbohydrates than their non starchy counterparts and they also tend to be higher on the glycemic index which means that they cause more of a spike in your blood sugar and insulin levels and that is not what you want when you're on a low carb diet for weight loss so you're better off avoiding or limiting starchy vegetables the challenge is that there are obviously many different vegetables so how do you tell which is which well some of it comes down to memorization but there are some tricks that you can use to tell the difference and I will say that these tricks are not hard and fast rules but they will help guide you in the right direction so with that said one thing that you can look at is the density of the vegetables if we pick up a starchy vegetable we notice that it is very dense and heavy for instance a potato and a rutabaga or a Swede as it is referred to outside of the US there were like rocks when they are raw and it's the same with other root vegetables like parsnips right they're solid Hardy root vegetables starchy vegetables are so dense that they feel like you know it just feels like you could use them in a baseball game if you really wanted to now non starchy vegetables on the other hand tend to be light airy and watery so leafy greens collard greens cabbage right they're very light bell peppers are hollow in the middle making them very light so that is a whoo that they are non-starchy in nature now of course there are some exceptions to the density rule and you could argue that cucumbers eggplant zucchinis onions you don't have some heft to them but that heft is mostly due to their high water content so even though they are heavier they're still considered non starchy vegetables now there are a couple of vegetables worth singling out here and those would be carrots and beets or beet roots carrots oh and and beets are very dense yet they are kind of on the fence between starchy vegetables and non starchy vegetables they're not the starchy astir vegetables but they are relatively high on the glycemic index which means that they're not a terrible choice but they're certainly not your best choice when you're on a low-carb diet so with that well we can look at some other factors to help us look at the difference between starchy and non starchy vegetables one of those factors is the time of year the vegetables are harvested fall vegetables tend to be higher in starch and this might be one of those ancestral factors higher starch Foods helped our ancestors pack on pounds so they could survive the winter months when food was scarce so fall vegetables like pumpkin and winter squashes like butternut or acorn squash or starchy vegetables so again that's not a hard fast rule but the the vegetable tends to have a relatively short maturation period like you're outside walking to your garden all summer long long and harvesting that vegetable it's probably more of a non starchy vegetable and that would hold true and we look at examples like our lettuces our cucumbers zucchinis peppers we could throw tomatoes in that mix as well and one more little trick if you haven't quite got the hang of distinguishing between starchy and non starchy vegetables is to think about when you eat them if you live here in the United States and celebrate Thanksgiving we do so with a big Thanksgiving meal if there are vegetables on the table they are more likely to be our starchy ones right our sweet potatoes corn peas butternut squash if we have does we have pumpkin pie non-starchy vegetables on the other hand they don't make it into too many of our large celebratory meals but they go great on a salad so kale spinach broccoli artichoke hearts celery onions these add fiber and flavor to salads but not a lot of carbohydrates and that's why a salad a day is a great way to get your weight loss started in fact it is the one of my zero one two three strategy if you haven't picked up that strategy yet I think it will be beneficial to you I will leave some links here on the video or down in my description area it's perfectly free but it is a great way for you to learn how to get non starchy vegetables into your daily diet and get rid of the biggest diet destroyer which is sugar so grab a copy of that zero one two three strategy to get yourself started thanks for watching I hope this was helpful if it was please subscribe and I will be back soon with another video to help you reach your goal thanks you

  Top Comments:
  1. @mitchellmiller3176 [2 likes]: I just started a non-sugar / starchy food diet. Been trying really hard to find Foods that have complex carbs without all the starch. This definitely was helpful
  2. @beckygillaspy [1 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  3. @Lucy-d7s [1 likes]: Thank Ya Much. Gave you a Thumbs Up but it didn't register. 😮
  4. @Tsetsi_com [1 likes]: All starchy veggies are hybrids and should not be eaten. They are toxic
  5. @Antonio-1962: It’s very hard to eat the right foods.
  6. @saint_jn: Pumpkin are vegetable?
  7. @robertawestbrooks9531: ❤❤❤❤❤
  8. @MsArtistwannabe: Thank you.
  9. @Good-seed-e: Please what can I do if am allergic to starchy foods? Because almost all the foods around me are starchy
  10. @avitabos2547: ❤
  11. @grigor_karagozian6931: insted of donload your book so i can print so I can change from some where why don't you sell everyone a paperback  illogical are down-loadable books
  12. @abraham3901: thank you.
  13. @doniseeverett2209: I really enjoy your videos, this was a great one, as I always wondered what the difference was, thank you
  14. @greenacres1739: Should you deseed your tomatoes and cucumbers before eating do to lectins etc?
  15. @anitagaratie8692: thank you for "the list"     Very Helpful!!!!
  16. @deborahs8941: I discovered jicama low-carb, found air fryer recipes on Pinterest. They were delicious taste, similar to french fries.
  17. @queenjohnson3221: Love you doctor Becky.  Thanks for sharing
  18. @allwaysfarm3087: Thanks for your simple and easy to follow descriptions/instructions - very useful…
  19. @lululove6175: Spinach,,,,loaded with oxalates
  20. @elalli99: How to tell the difference between starchy and non starchy vegetables? Simple. The starchy ones are the ones you actually like eating.😅

- The Lowest and Highest Carb Vegetables are...: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about the vegetables that have the lowest net carb ratio now when we're talking about net carb we're talking about taking the total carb and minusing the fiber why do we do that because fiber has a zero effect on insulin and blood sugars our bodies cannot digest fiber we feed it to our microbes that then turn it into some some food for our colon cells but fiber does not affect insulin or blood sugars so you don't have to worry about that now in this category right here okay these are all the vegetables that have less than one carb per cup that's pretty low okay beet greens arugula lettuce look at this point two point four point six bok choy 0.8 chard endive mustard green spinach sprouts have point one romaine lettuce and watercress okay less than one carb you're allowed 20 grams per day okay we're not even talking about one card per cup so sometimes when people do keto they're afraid to eat too many vegetables because it's carb but look at this if you're consuming these it's basically insignificant it is not going to stop you from losing weight it provides other benefits of fiber and nutrients a vitamin C folate a lot of minerals potassium magnesium things like that then we have the group of vegetables over here with less than three carbs okay a lot of them are like one point something and two and this is per cup avocado is two grams of carb per cup which is kind of like one medium sized avocado asparagus 2.4 celery one point four chili pepper one point four grams of carb okay and this is net carb cucumbers 3.0 eggplants 2.3 mushrooms 2.2 pickles 1.9 radish 2.0 zucchini 2.4 cabbages 3.0 so you can see these are pretty low too because we are allowed 20 to 50 grams of carbs so you don't have to worry about gaining weight or being out of ketosis when you're consuming vegetables in fact I don't even count them at all because I think they're necessary now let's take the flip side of that what vegetables have the highest carb okay net carb are artichokes are 11 grams per cup okay still it's still within the range pumpkin six point nine rutabaga eight point nine turnip 6.0 tomato four point eight again this is you really don't have to worry about Tomatoes I mean it's not that high per cup okay beet is nine it's a little higher but guess what with the fiber it's still in the range but potato we want to stay away from that that's 33 okay stay away from potato corn is 21 that's pretty high right but this is GMO so you want to stay away from that too squash is four point eight that's fine but look at this peas are 14 it's pretty high so I would say out of all these vegetables right here peas are probably the ones that you probably don't want to consume large quantities if you're on keto but still one cup is 14 you'd still be okay if you did that all right so I have a lot of interesting videos on vegetables if you want to check out some more I put them on the screen right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @Keithyopian [3 likes]: Seems as if you stay away from the processes stuff and eat whole clean foods you’re pretty much on a keto diet
  2. @Drberg [2 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  3. @saki-2479 [1 likes]: how much is a cup?
  4. @perlachavezaguirre7996: Can we eat onion ? Like white onion ?
  5. @Sally-s2y: Carrots
  6. @dhyankamal1068: Onions???
  7. @tabbysheikh295: Thank you doctor
  8. @GODBODYONE: Where is broccoli?
  9. @george52797: Carrots?
  10. @cupofmorningsun: why does Dr. Chaffee say plants are trying to kill us?
  11. @enkheenatsag513: Thank God ,I am on diet .I got half cup pumpkin
  12. @marcedwards2464: Right
  13. @osnatshaibe1534: What about carrots.
  14. @clynthadley1579: Broccoli???
  15. @DanielPerry-o2j: I grow turnips as a potato substitute. Taste nasty boiled, taste good raw or stir fried in butter, garlic salt, and pepper. I like them left a little firm like all my stir fried veggies. Turnips are such a good fried potato substitute that I wondered if Dr, Berg could do a video on the lowly turnip.
  16. @bronsonmejia1794: A whole boiled and baked rutabaga and sugar free ketchup has zero  affect on my blood glucose. I am type 2 diabetic wearing a CGM.
  17. @gandalfcar: Does anybody know the CARB count of WILD GARLIC(Ramsons) ?
  18. @abhishake_ai: KETO VEGETABLE GUIDELINES (COMPREHENSIVE)

🥦 Green Leafy Vegetables (Super Low-Carb)
Spinach (Palak)
Fenugreek Leaves (Methi)
Mustard Greens (Sarson)
Amaranth Leaves (Chaulai)
Lettuce (Iceberg, Romaine)
Kale
Swiss Chard
Collard Greens
Bok Choy
Water Spinach (Kalmi Saag)

🥒 Cruciferous Vegetables (Keto Powerhouse)
Broccoli
Cauliflower (Gobhi)
Cabbage (Patta Gobhi)
Purple Cabbage
Brussels Sprouts
Radish (Mooli)
Radish Leaves (Mooli ke Patte)
Kohlrabi (Knol-Khol / Ganth Gobhi)
Turnip (Shalgam)
Turnip Greens

🫑 Gourd Family / Squash / Cucurbits
Bottle Gourd (Lauki/Doodhi)
Ridge Gourd (Turai)
Sponge Gourd (Nenua)
Snake Gourd (Chichinda)
Ivy Gourd (Tindora / Kundru)
Bitter Gourd (Karela)
Ash Gourd (Petha)
Zucchini (Green / Yellow)
Yellow Squash
Pumpkin (Kaddu – small quantities)
Chayote (Chow Chow)

🫑 Bell Peppers / Capsicums / Chilies
Green Bell Pepper
Red Bell Pepper
Yellow Bell Pepper
Banana Peppers
Jalapenos
Serrano Peppers
Green Chilies
Bird’s Eye Chili (for spice)

🧄 Allium Family (Flavor Enhancers)
Onion (Use sparingly due to higher carbs)
Green Onion / Spring Onion (Hara Pyaz)
Garlic
Shallots (Limited use)
Leeks (limited quantity)

🥬 Herbs (Fresh & Flavorful)
Coriander (Dhaniya)
Mint (Pudina)
Dill (Suva)
Curry Leaves
Basil (Tulsi – sweet basil for salads)
Parsley
Thyme
Rosemary
Oregano
Sage
Chives

🥒 Salad & Hydrating Vegetables
Cucumber (Kheera)
Tomato (Moderation)
Cherry Tomatoes (Moderation)
Celery
Fennel (Saunf vegetable)
Beet Greens (Not root)
Endive
Arugula (Rocket Leaves)
Ice Plant (Succulent veggie)

🍄 Mushrooms (Low-Carb Protein Boost)
Button Mushrooms
Oyster Mushrooms
Shiitake Mushrooms
Portobello Mushrooms
Enoki Mushrooms
Cremini Mushrooms

🌱 Sprouts / Microgreens (Power-packed Nutrition)
Mung Bean Sprouts (Limited)
Alfalfa Sprouts
Radish Sprouts
Broccoli Sprouts
Fenugreek Sprouts (Methi)

🌰 Root Veggies (Only Select Keto-safe in Moderation)
Turnip (Shalgam - limited)
Radish (Mooli)
Beet Greens (No beetroot)
Jicama (Mexican yam bean - rare in India but excellent keto root)
(Avoid: Potatoes, Sweet Potato, Carrots - high in carbs)

🌿 Wild & Desi Vegetables (Highly Nutritious)
Bathua (Chenopodium)
Poi Saag (Malabar Spinach)
Basale Leaves
Bamboo Shoots
Gongura (Ambadi leaves)
Colocasia Leaves (Arbi ke Patte – steamed)
Sorrel Leaves (Chukka / Khatta Saag)

🍄 Edible Flowers / Exotic Keto Additions
Banana Flower (Mocha)
Zucchini Flowers
Moringa Flowers
Pumpkin Flowers
Curry Leaf Flowers

🥗 Exotic / Imported Keto Veggies (If Available)
Artichokes (Hearts only)
Asparagus
Seaweed (Kelp, Nori sheets)
Okra (Bhindi)
Nopales (Cactus Leaves - Mexican)
Bamboo Shoots
Pak Choi (Bok Choy)
Celery Root (Celeriac)

🌿 Medicinal / Ayurvedic Keto Vegetables
Giloy Stem (for decoction, not food)
Aloe Vera (small quantity)
Neem Leaves (For chutney or bitter shots)
Amla (Indian Gooseberry - limited due to tangy carbs)

🔥 Bonus Keto Super Add-Ons (For Salads, Saute, and Garnish)
Olives (Green / Black)
Pickles (Low-carb homemade, no sugar)
Sun-Dried Tomatoes (Use very little)
Roasted Peppers
Coconut Flesh (raw)
Fresh Turmeric Root


✅ Vegetables to Completely AVOID on Keto (High-Carb Veggies)
🚫 Potatoes
🚫 Sweet Potatoes
🚫 Yam (Jimikand)
🚫 Tapioca (Sabudana)
🚫 Carrots (very limited)
🚫 Green Peas
🚫 Corn
🚫 Beetroot (root)
🚫 Pumpkin (excess quantity)
  19. @differentportall: What about sweet potato
  20. @marshoez5881: Peas 👍

- I’ve Changed My Diet (Menopause Made Me Do It): Kind: captions Language: en-US For the past eight years, I have been&nbsp; following a low-carb diet and practicing&nbsp;&nbsp; intermittent fasting. I still do those things.&nbsp; But, blame it on menopause or just Father Time,&nbsp;&nbsp; now that I am in my later 50s, I have had&nbsp; to make some modifications to feel my best.&nbsp;&nbsp; This video details the specifics&nbsp; of how my diet has changed and why. [Intro Music] With age comes wisdom, but age&nbsp; also brings some physical changes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I have noticed the changes&nbsp; in my body that come with age. To be specific, belly fat is&nbsp; a real thing after menopause;&nbsp;&nbsp; eating for health becomes more real with age,&nbsp; and body composition shifts toward fat rather&nbsp;&nbsp; than muscle if you are not watching. Those&nbsp; are the main reasons that I changed my diet. To keep pace with my changing body,&nbsp; I have adjusted my daily and monthly&nbsp;&nbsp; macronutrient ratio, which I will explain.&nbsp; I have also taken steps to support muscle,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I have shifted my snack choices. What has not changed is my focus&nbsp; on the 3Es and eating whole foods. Eating and physical activity should always&nbsp; be looked at as a long-range adjustment,&nbsp;&nbsp; not a quick fix. Long-range adjustments are&nbsp; achievable for anyone when the plan you have&nbsp;&nbsp; meets the 3Es, meaning your plan is easy for&nbsp; you to follow, enjoyable, and effective. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you have those three things in place, there is&nbsp; no need or desire to go back to your old habits. The changes I have made fit my 3Es, and&nbsp; adding GEM to my daily routine has as well. GEM is a real-food multivitamin that provides&nbsp; nutrients your body can readily absorb and use. These GEM bites have become an&nbsp; enjoyable part of my daily routine. It looks like a treat, and it is,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it is a treat that is packed with more&nbsp; than 20 whole food vitamins, minerals,&nbsp;&nbsp; superfoods, prebiotics and probiotics to&nbsp; help fill the gaps in your daily nutrition. On my diet, I eat both plant and animal&nbsp; foods. A flaw is that I am routine,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I tend to eat the same salad and vegetable&nbsp; side dishes each day. GEM gives me a variety&nbsp;&nbsp; of nutrients that I do not get from my typical&nbsp; diet, and I love that about these GEM bites. You can eat a bite any time of day, I&nbsp; enjoy one after lunch. It has a nice tangy,&nbsp;&nbsp; citrus flavor and a really&nbsp; satisfying chewy texture. Right now, is a great time to try these real-food,&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrient-dense bites because GEM&nbsp; is offering a special deal off your&nbsp;&nbsp; first month! Go to dailyGEM.com/DRBECKY&nbsp; and use my code DRBECKY at checkout! The first change I have made involves shifting&nbsp; my macros. I have done this daily to include&nbsp;&nbsp; more protein and monthly by incorporating&nbsp; three-day periods of intermittent carnivore. As we age, one of the biggest threats to quality&nbsp; of life is the loss of muscle and muscle strength.&nbsp;&nbsp; Eating more protein after you reach the age&nbsp; of 50 supports muscle mass preservation,&nbsp;&nbsp; and when paired with resistance&nbsp; exercises that tax your muscles,&nbsp;&nbsp; it preserves muscle strength&nbsp; and encourages growth. You have likely heard that more&nbsp; protein is good as we age. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; what does that look like? It is more&nbsp; simple than you may imagine. For instance,&nbsp;&nbsp; when I started eating low-carb, I&nbsp; followed a 60-20-20 macronutrient ratio,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning 60 percent of my daily calories came&nbsp; from fat and 20 percent came from both protein&nbsp;&nbsp; and carbohydrates. My diet today is closer to&nbsp; 60-25-15. So, my fat intake has stayed the same,&nbsp;&nbsp; while my protein intake increased by 5 percent&nbsp; and my carb intake decreased by the same amount. A 5 percent increase in daily protein will depend&nbsp; on your calorie intake, but for most, this means&nbsp;&nbsp; adding 15 to 25 grams of protein. For example,&nbsp; I have added a protein shake after I exercise,&nbsp;&nbsp; which boosts my protein intake by 13 grams, and&nbsp; I have added a hard-boiled egg or a couple of&nbsp;&nbsp; ounces of chicken or meat to my daily salad&nbsp; for an additional 6 to 10 grams of protein. I have also incorporated three-day periods of&nbsp; intermittent carnivore into my monthly diet. The Intermittent Carnivore Diet,&nbsp; as I call it, is a diet regimen&nbsp;&nbsp; that introduces brief periods of eating zero&nbsp; carbs or as close to that goal as possible. On a carnivore diet, you eat meat and&nbsp; other animal products. There are no&nbsp;&nbsp; plant-based foods because all&nbsp; plants contain carbohydrates. I love this dieting strategy and utilize it&nbsp; twice a month. I have a video describing what&nbsp;&nbsp; I eat and how I do it. I will leave a link&nbsp; for you if you would like all of the details. To give you an overview for this video,&nbsp; the concept of intermittent carnivore&nbsp;&nbsp; is simple. For three days, you eat only&nbsp; carnivore foods. So, food choices include&nbsp;&nbsp; meats (i.e., beef, bison, fish, lamb, organ meats,&nbsp; pork, poultry, seafood), eggs, bone broth, animal&nbsp;&nbsp; fats (i.e., butter, lard, tallow), and some dairy&nbsp; products (i.e., full-fat milk, cream, cheese). I do not count calories on my carnivore days.&nbsp; One of the nice things you find about the diet&nbsp;&nbsp; is that your food intake is self-limiting.&nbsp; There are not a lot of choices, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; choices that are allowed are high in protein&nbsp; and fat, two very hunger-satisfying nutrients. The second change I have made is&nbsp; adding creatine to my daily routine. Creatine is a supplement that supports&nbsp; muscle growth and strength. I have&nbsp;&nbsp; used it periodically for years, but&nbsp; now I use it as a daily supplement. Creatine came into significance in the&nbsp; body-building world because it helps&nbsp;&nbsp; your muscles produce energy. But creatine&nbsp; supplementation has been shown to act as a&nbsp;&nbsp; possible countermeasure to the menopausal-related&nbsp; decrease in muscle, bone, and strength. And while some research suggests that&nbsp; the supplement alone can improve muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; mass and strength in older adults, the results&nbsp; are best when paired with resistance training. One thing I will note about creatine is that&nbsp; it can increase water retention in muscles.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is a good thing, not a bad one. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; that water retention may show up as a&nbsp; couple of pounds of weight gain when&nbsp;&nbsp; you step on the scale. It does not cause you&nbsp; to gain fat. Quite the opposite, but you may&nbsp;&nbsp; gain weight from the water retention in your&nbsp; muscles initially and muscle growth over time. The third thing that I have changed is my snack&nbsp; choices. I found that I felt better and had an&nbsp;&nbsp; easier time maintaining my weight when I replaced&nbsp; my typical low-carb snacks with protein snacks. When I started eating low-carb, typical snacks&nbsp; included full-fat yogurt with blueberries,&nbsp;&nbsp; raw or toasted nuts, and dark chocolate. Today,&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel my best when I satisfy between-meal-hunger&nbsp; with a beef stick, hard-boiled eggs, or cheese. These trade-offs have helped me achieve&nbsp; my daily macronutrient shift toward more&nbsp;&nbsp; protein and fewer carbs without sacrificing&nbsp; the 3E's. Grabbing a beef stick, boiled egg,&nbsp;&nbsp; or a few slices of cheese is&nbsp; easy, enjoyable, and effective. I like routine as much as anyone, but we&nbsp; live in dynamic bodies that adapt as time&nbsp;&nbsp; passes. If your diet feels stale, you&nbsp; are not progressing toward your goal,&nbsp;&nbsp; or the things that have worked in the past are no&nbsp; longer working, be open to making some changes. Over the past year, I have added more daily&nbsp; protein, incorporated monthly intermittent&nbsp;&nbsp; carnivore days, added creatine, and shifted&nbsp; to protein snacks. These changes have been&nbsp;&nbsp; effective for me, and I hope they give you some&nbsp; ideas that you can incorporate into your life. Are there things that you have&nbsp; shifted in your diet over time? If so,&nbsp;&nbsp; please share them in the comments below.&nbsp; Thanks for watching and thanks to GEM for&nbsp;&nbsp; sponsoring this video. I will leave a&nbsp; link to the GEM bites and the videos&nbsp;&nbsp; I mentioned in the description or more&nbsp; area below. Have a great rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheGospel4Women [7 likes]: Im only 46 and post menopausal. The only shower that has worked for my family and i is low carbing. Every time i go off for 2  years,  i get sick and gain up to 50 lbs. It happened 3 times in the past 22 years.  But now with menopause,  I realize i have no choice but to do this for the rest of my life.
  2. @GlobalMenopauseCollective [2 likes]: Menopause often asks us to evolve, even with habits that once worked perfectly. This honest reflection is such a reminder that our bodies’ needs change with time, and honoring that change with awareness, not resistance, is true wellness.”
  3. @MichelleBlackChannel [2 likes]: This hit home. So many women I work with are already eating clean and doing the “right” things — but still feel bloated, exhausted, and stuck in a body that won’t respond.

It’s not that their diet is bad… it’s that their body has changed.
Gut health, blood sugar, and hormone shifts in midlife create a whole new playing field — and unless we support those systems, even healthy habits can backfire.

Thank you for talking about this so clearly. Women need to know it’s not their fault — they just need a new strategy 💛
  4. @barbyantha6183 [2 likes]: I lost 22 pounds in my late 50s. I started IF, ate 4oz of protein at lunch and dinner, had 2-3 servings of carbs . I stayed at that weight for four years. Without changing anything, I started gaining weight. It’s been two years of trying to figure out what it is my body is needing from me so that I can make it happy again and go back to the weight! So frustrating!
  5. @KickinA874: I'm 58 and have not been able to figure weight loss out . I am going to keep listening to you . Snacking at night is going to stop !
  6. @BeyondMenopause: Am happy I came across this honestly
  7. @janeobrien5834: Unfortunately, I can’t eat meat! Just watch a factory farming video and anyone with compassion will never eat meat again!
  8. @Collieb7: I heard you need to add fruit or fruit juice when consuming creatine. Since im on keto what are your thoughts to get the creatine benefits if not consuming fruit
  9. @deepost2604: I was headed low carb/keto for years.  What motivated me to get more strict with my macros were two diagnosis. First was osteopenia at age 78, later my glucose level put me in prediabetic range at age 82.  I’ve chosen to approach both of these with dietary changes, including periods of carnivore.  My recent Dexa scan showed increase in right femur while spine held steady.
A1C is now in normal range.  Perhaps both of these conditions were avoidable if I had made the dietary changes earlier.  I sincerely hope that young women get preventative dietary guidance. Decline doesn’t HAVE to be part of menopause.
  10. @tony-ki5jf: Hy, How many grams of salt do we need for a diet with about 75g of carbs please? thank you for the video
  11. @LetsBHonest: Walking (zone 2) every day  and one 24 hour fast per week is what I added to my ketovore lifestyle
  12. @lavenderbudtree: Has anyone had better blood work doing keto? Carnivore?
  13. @MargoWatson-c9u: Dr Becky can you please discuss the metabolic and other changes that men experience during andropause such as increased insulin resistance and obesity. We are so FOCUSED on women and their reproductive systems that we forget that men ALSO age and experience a host of symptoms as testosterone declines in mid life during andropause.
  14. @Oceangirl-67: What Creatine is best? There are gobs of brands.
  15. @lesliezeledon364: You gave me a lot to think about.
  16. @simplycurlyde: I basically do all that, but it doesn't seem to be working for me😫 anymore. I don't know what else to do. I was able to lost 63 lbs in the 1st 3 yrs when I started my WLJ & then it stopped & gained 17 lbs in the past yr. Nothing I do seems to be working for me anymore 😫 Maybe I should give those gems a try.
  17. @Fluffnstuff777: What’s really fun is menopause and being disabled. 😢😢😢
  18. @SolrenCaelwyn: So what do you think of Prof Christopher Gardner from Stanford’s take that protein is being eaten to much. Zoe interview
  19. @glacey4906: Why dont you just eat real food instead of gem
  20. @MancunianInLondon: Just found your channel. Great. Feels more realistic and achievable than watching 'fitness influencers' and their 6 packs attained by surreptitious consumption of 'enhancers' and mountains of bull. I'm going to spend time watching more of your vlogs, Thanks

- Types of Fats for Keto Diet, What to Eat & What to Avoid  | Join a Ketogenic Community: Kind: captions Language: en if you've been looking to understand a ketogenic lifestyle or a high fat lifestyle and diet today we're going to really talk about done I understand how this makes sense um for the individual this isn't going to be the detailed science review this is going to be where we look to talk about the nuts and bolts of that high fat diet what does that mean and is it a high protein diet or low protein diet how do we integrate the difference I've got by the way I'm Dr Greg gersten and I've been helping people to remove the blockages from their health in the last 20 years to lead amazing fantastic lives without drugs or surgery I've got with me unique Larry who's been implementing in his life for the last 50 years sorry 40 years how to maintain health and keep himself um as engaged as active and as fit as he can over the last 18 months made a massive change that has everyone asking and buzzing what the heck did you do Larry would you tell us a little bit about this shifter idea of this high fat diet that you love yes and it's called and it and I don't want to call it a diet that's what everybody because to me a diet and I've been on them and all your listeners everybody's been on a diet to me Diet means temporary weight loss program temporary okay this is not what I I've done them it doesn't work because you always go back to where you were okay so I decided a couple of years ago because I've been on a keto diet I've been on weight well I've been on all of them and they don't work in the long term and I want long term and long-term health so I decided I'm going to read up on a ketogenic lifestyle meaning I'm going to change the way that I'm gonna do things that I'm not going to go back to what I did before I'm tired of that yo-yo so and years ago they used to have the protein diet they'd have the low carbohydrates the high carbohydrate they've got everything this is actually a ketogenic lifestyle is a high fat medium protein low carbohydrate program that's what it is and when I say and when people hear fats they get all crazy all my fats are no good for you well the right fats are good for you and we used to think that meat and butter and all that was clogging the arteries and the Studies have shown completely that's not the case as long as you eliminate the carbohydrates the Rices the potatoes the pasta the juice the high sugared fruits they cannot be part of your program anymore they just can't so when you're talking about high fats for instance in the morning if you want bacon and eggs we have high fats and you can make the eggs in butter now you're getting protein from the eggs you're getting fat from the eggs you're getting protein from the bacon you're getting fat so you have a high amount of fat in there okay that's what you want now you some people do this program and they get lean meats and all that I've tried that and what I have found is you're hungry it's not going to satisfy you're going to need you're looking for that Sugar you're looking for that carbohydrate because the fat is the thing that's going to keep that hunger down for you and it's gonna the blood sugar level is going to be eating you're not going to have ups and downs it's going to be wonderful but that's the biggest difference it's a higher fat you've got to look for the steaks the rib eyes sirloins that have a lot of fat in them the rib eyes are my favorite by far and I don't wind up looking at a steak this is going to typically be a steak that's got more of what they call marbling is that right yeah yeah so white specks throughout the meat rather than just on the end or the edges wind up giving you a fat content throughout the meat and that fat provides you with a significant amount of filling and as your body goes through the process of having more of this higher fat medium protein and lower no carbs your body actually goes through a metabolic shift and this is a big Trend right now to talk about fat burning metabolic shifts and I mean we wind up burning fat the energy that's produced off of it provides a lot longer energy many more increments of energy versus a carbohydrate that burns real quickly and has got a short-term energy that's why you see the spikes right into the blood sugar management uh and looking for these fats are there any like fats that would be bad to wind up running into and that you should try to avoid yeah your vegetable oils other than Olive Oil your vegetable canola oil everybody uses Pam to put no that's canola oil that's horrible I mean I I used to when I was in the Health Food business I used to sell that stuff I thought it was great the research has shown sunflowers safflower all that no good in the body especially when you heat it but olive oil but I use I use very little if I use it I don't use it to cook I just use it as a topping maybe on my salad or my vegetables or something like that but butter use the first of all who doesn't love butter I mean everybody loves it and it's been demonized over the last 30 40 years but lately it's not but you want to stay away from the margarines the fake stuff that's the killer that's the stuff they know when's the last time you saw margarine commercial you haven't you haven't seen him in 20 years because they realized this was causing the problems now I'm going to ask a general question even if I'm eating these high fat steaks and yes um bacon and eggs isn't there also like a lot of protein in them like how do you manage let's say A medium you mentioned a medium protein diet right in relationship too yeah well what you do that's why you get the fats now you're not going to eat a two pound steak unless you can't but you don't need that much there's only a certain amount of protein that your body really needs on a daily basis and it depends on the person obviously so if you don't have to pack the protein in like like I said you can eat a pound of filet mignon but that's that's a that's a lot of protein but you're not getting the fats the fats are the key to this thing not the protein maybe I can digest a little bit differently it's not just that you're eating fats gobs and gobs and fats to make it a high fat diet but the ratio of fat to protein winds up shifting maybe from like let's say a filet where a filet does not have a lot of fat but it has a lot of protein so that would be more of what we typically would run into or even the ratio is lower to something like a sirloin that's got a more balanced ratio there probably is more protein in a a sirloin then there is fat but the amount of fat is way higher than you would see in other types of proteins or Foods yes exactly that's why I tend to go toward more of the fatty Meats but once in a while you want to change and if you want to have a fillet put butter on it you ever have a steak with butter on it go to Ruth's Chris I mean most people don't realize but when they have a steak from a restaurant it is fully cooked in butter oh it is okay most almost every restaurant and if you watch your food channels your food cooking channels and you go somewhere in there they're they're cooking a filet they're constantly scooping the butter and pouring it over it so that it winds up being fully cooked in the butter and that's many times another way that they get fillets to taste so delicious yeah and they are good and Ruth's Chris you know if you can see the butter I mean it's delicious and I don't get fillets that much but then I'll beef up the fat and then you can have your vegetables which you want if you want some broccoli there's certain vegetables that are better than others put some melted butter on not oil some so I've I've been to some restaurants where I'll ask for butter and I'll look at it on It's Not Butter oh yeah no it's not I want you to take sticks of butter or tabs of butter melt it and bring it back you know what butter looks like when it's melted don't fall for that oil because they'll throw in even olive oil I don't put it because they're going to heat it up I don't want to heat it you want roll olive oil you can do that if they have a good cook again that's a whole nother subject of what kind of oils are good but we you know there's certain olive oils there's not a whole lot of them that are pure I've read things on that also but that's that's another subject and another date I I stay away from pretty much all the oils I've read too much on what they've done yeah well that's another topic and we'll cover that on another one of our videos so stay tuned but I want if you've got more questions or want a better understanding of this high fat medium protein low carbohydrate diet go ahead and write them down below if you're wondering about a community to maintain and help you to stay on focused um uniq Leary and I are working on developing that out go ahead and write down below I want in if you want to be a part of our community where we connect probably virtually to wind up working through these steps make it easier for you give your community a wind up helping out so that more people can live a healthy life once again Larry thank you for joining me thank you thank you and for all of our listeners and viewers out there thank you for letting me be a part of your health

  Top Comments:
  1. @KetoCookbooksCorner [2 likes]: Very informative. Thanks for sharing 😍

- Dieta Low Carb - Wellness Factory Brazil: Kind: captions Language: en Therefore, a diet is not necessary; its primary goal is to prevent the accumulation of fat in adipose tissue and other organs such as the liver and pancreas. Glucose, glycogen, and fatty acids are the main sources of energy for cells. A low-carb diet aims to keep insulin levels low, allowing the body to use energy from burning fat. This occurs because insulin normally transforms excess carbohydrates not used as energy into fat in the form of triglycerides. Increased insulin levels inhibit the pituitary gland, favoring an increase in the size of fat cells and are widely related to obesity. The dietary guideline is that 50 to 55 percent of the daily calorie needs should be carbohydrates. Low-carb diets suggest that carbohydrates can make up between 10 and 40 percent of the calories consumed in a day, between 50 and 150 grams per day, preferably those with a low glycemic index. As carbohydrate consumption decreases, an increase in the proportion of protein and fats is suggested, which gives a feeling of greater satiety and preservation of lean mass. The ketogenic diet is a... The most restrictive type of low-carb diet. The main difference between the two diets is that the ketogenic diet limits carbohydrate consumption to a maximum of 30-50 grams per day, or 5-10 percent of daily calorie needs. The ketogenic diet aims to use fat as the primary energy source in the form of ketone bodies. Therefore, it responds more strongly to carbohydrates compared to the low-carb diet. It is rich in fat, moderate in protein ( around 70% fat, 20-25% protein, and 5-10% carbohydrates). For the treatment of obesity, it is safe to say that balanced and individualized hypocaloric diets, considering lifestyle and dietary preferences, which I propose, along with nutritional re-education and physical activity, promote more effective and lasting results. For more information, consult Welles Nutre. Learn more about our services on the website www.rextur.com.br and subscribe to our YouTube channel and social media.

- I Tried The World's Most Expensive Diet Plan: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hey y'all. I was just coming on here just seeing what y'all was doing. Um hope y'all had an amazing day today. I just wanted to come on here and do a little bit of um story time. Okay. So anyway, I know I um wished everybody a good morning today. So now it's evening. So, I just wanted to jump on here and talk a little bit about something. Okay. So, three years ago, well, it'll be 3 years in August of this year, I made the best decision of my life, and that was to get the gas sleeve surgery. So, I'mma tell you a little bit about how I started the journey and where I'm at today. So, okay. I was I'm on the fence of getting it. I was in denial like, "No, I don't need it. I can lose the weight on my own. No, I think about it." But I used to always get defensive like, "Okay, um, I can do this on my own. I don't need surgery." But I always was still eating. So, I was like, "Well, okay, I'm going make up my mind this day and know, okay, I can lose like 5 or 10 lbs or whatever." But I I mean I lose 5 10 pounds, but then it's like I'm start back eating again. So I was like, well, okay. But then one day I got serious. And one day I sat down and I thought about it like, okay, do you want to live or and see your children and grandchildren grow up or is you going to give up? So, I made the best decision in my life to get the VSSG and that's the gas to sleep. I went to the consult. I talked to my doctor and he said I was a great candidate because I was overweight. I had a food addiction and I was in denial. But then when he said and told me that I walked in my denial, I mean I I actually admitted it to myself. I had to go step by step. You have to go step by step and do what it takes to get to this journey. It's not going to happen overnight. You have to go to the consult, talk to the doctor. You have to meet with a dietician. You have to meet with a therapist. You have to talk to someone because it's all about the mind. It's all about putting your mind up to doing something just like this channel. I had to make up my mind to get on YouTube and share my life with the world because I never did anything like this before. But I feel comfortable with doing it because guess what? It might help somebody else. So, okay, I'm out of my mind to go to the concert. I liked it and listen to everything the doctor said and he told me, "If you really serious, come back the next month. We can start the journey. We can, you know, you can see the nurse and go through the steps on how we can successfully get you started on becoming a healthy person. It's not going to be easy. So, you got to put the work in. You got to take one day at a time. So, I went I did all the testing. I did what I needed to do. I went back the next month and guess what? I had lost 15 pounds. I did that on my own. Not thinking it was, you know, was nothing. It was wonderful, but then I gained 15 lbs back. So, I had to go through the journey, talk to the dietician. I had to know what foods to eat, what not foods to eat because my mindset was still on. I can eat what I want to eat because I I haven't got surgery yet. So, it's like, are you really going to get serious with this? So, when I got all the test done, they say I was a great candidate. And it took me from then to almost the end of 2022, the beginning of 2022, almost the end of 2022 in order for me to get approved and to get sent off for the weight loss surgery. So the dieticians told me I just needed to lose 10 lbs. But really, 10 lbs is a lot when you don't have your mind put to do it because you feel like, "Oh, well, I can lose these 10 lbs." But it's really not that easy because you can gain them 10 lbs right back and more. So, I had to make up my mind to end up getting real and buckle down and lose them 10 lbs. So, I lost 10 lbs. I end up getting on the liquid diet. You get on a liquid diet when you like every doctor is different. My doctor told me to get on the liquid diet or full liquid diet for at least two weeks before my surgery. So I had and that was a booger bar. That was a killer. I had to do 14 days of all liquids, no food. I had to and I was very very very struggling. I didn't know what to do. But I was determined and I was going to get that surgery. And that right there is a part of getting your liver shrunk because you they you want to have a successful ser surgery and that right no complication. So you do have to get on liquid diet. Some don't require that but my doctor required that. So two weeks before I had the surgery at the in August of 2022, I got on the liquid diet and I had lost 21 lbs when I the day of the surgery just by doing the liquid diet them two weeks. So I was so happy because I was like, well that's my first step right there. I got the surgery, no complications. I only stayed in the hospital for one day. They let me go home the next day. I had High protein, low carb protein shakes. Protein shakes is not for everyone. Everyone cannot drink protein shakes. But that's what you have to drink when you at the hospital. They give you a protein shake. They give you a popsicle. They give you some ice chips. They give you everything because you on a liquid diet again. And so it was a struggle because when you get the weight loss surgery, your stomach have they take majority of your stomach out. So that mean you have to be accustomed to how you going to live with this smaller stomach because your stomach always been big. So you don't know what you going to do. I'm not going to lie, it was very painful. The pain was real. But if you is serious about this, no pain, no gain. You will take the pain because guess what? This the proess will be so successful. The process will be the process is worth the progress. I mean, it's it's really worth it because you going to see the progress after you go through the process and you're going to be proud of yourself. Like me, I'm very proud of myself. I might not be where I'm I need to be, but I know I have came a long way. So, I lost 100 plus pounds already from 2022 to now, and I'm still on this journey to lose 50 more pounds. So, if you on the fence of getting the gast surgery, I post a picture up saying, "How did I become from this size to that size?" I was 400 lb and I'm down 100 plusb lighter. So I tell anybody if you feel like you want the surgery, get the surgery. Talk to your doctor, talk to your dietician, talk to your therapist and get the opinion. I mean, everybody, it's each his own. Everybody is different. But I tell you what my situation was. I did it because I didn't want to hurt anymore as far as my body. I was in a lot of pain. So I felt like, well, this was something I needed to do for me. So when I married my mind, I made a mind. And don't let nobody tell you that it's just a tool and you going the easy way out. No, you're not. Because you still have to put in the work. You still have to exercise. You still have to eat right. You still have to have that mindset that your stomach is not big anymore. And you still have to drink your water. You still have to pray and ask God to direct your path because you can still go down that road that you once was on. But then it's up to you to stay off that road. If we is we going to slip up. Yes, we going to slip. But get back on track. If you fall, pick yourself back up and try again. No one's perfect. And I did. That's the best thing I ever did was to get the surgery. And I'm still going strong. I look back over my old pictures and I see where I'm at today. And I'm proud of myself and I pat myself on the back because I would have did this years ago, but I thank God that I was able to do it at the time frame that I did do it in 2022 because see now I can look back and say, "Oh wow, look at that person. I'm not that person anymore." So I'm just telling you, if you want to know more, just stay tuned.

- My Health and Wellness Routine 2023 // Weekly Vlog #gymroutine #dietroutine #fitnessroutine: Kind: captions Language: en good morning it's time to start another Vlog another weekly Vlog and I'm really enjoying them and thank you all so so much for all the suggestions of what you want to see in the weekly Vlogs and keep them coming because I like to know what you want to see because I do not want to show you the boring stuff but actually to be honest I'm sure there is a lot of boring stuff that I'm showing you but I myself actually enjoy or you could say preferred boring stuff and when I watch Vlogs from other people like I love the Vlogs from like legally's melon or Josie fear happening to Josie London on YouTube because they just show their everyday life and I preferred Vlogs where they are just at home and show what they do at home to the Vlogs where they go to fancy places and fancy parties because yeah I like the boring stuff so maybe because I'm boring myself who knows but yeah this weekly Vlog I am but yeah I'm now going to make breakfast as always and yes so this weekly Vlog the theme around this weekly Vlog is my health and wellness routine for the year 2023 and most of those things I do since a long long time and I think it's just a fascinating topic and I love to hear and listen to like I love to hear everything about the health and fitness routine of other people and I'm a little bit of a health and fitness fanatic you could say so I hope you enjoy listening to my health and fitness routine and now I think I'm going to um take a tripod because my arm is literally falling down because I mean it's not so heavy but it gets heavy with time so let me go and take a try not to out okay I got my little notebook it's from filofax you can put your initials on them I made it and I think in Paris in the shopping center and there you can print your initials on so I really like it so I made some notes on my health and wellness and gym and diet routine so that I do not forget everything because it's a lot but I'm starting with my gym routine my gym routine is like I'm now 26 I started to go to the gym when I was 16 years 16 years old and because my father did bodybuilding he went to the gym every single week on Sunday with me to show me New York's new exercises and look if I do them right if I um if my form is correct everything like that and I started going first three times a week but then I very very soon went to four times a week after like half a half a year I was at five times a week and then I think two years after that I went to six times a week and for the first I think for the first five years I did exclusively weightlifting and a little bit of cardio to warm up at the beginning and that's what I did exclusively because yeah that's that's what I did that was my routine and I had great results like I I was always on the Slimmer skinnier side but I was maybe when I was 69 maybe you could say it was like skinny fat like I was very small very tiny but the thing that I had was like I did not have any muscle I only had fat like if you punched it it would be like wobbly and not tight so um it changed my body in a very very good way because after that what I had was muzzles and not too much fat so prefer that obviously but then after about five years I got a little bit bored I mean I know you can do so much while weight lifting but I got a little bit bored because obviously you have to take like 60 seconds about 60 seconds 90 seconds um of a little break between exercises and that board me I like when it goes like very fast so I started to include some circuits during trainings and I downloaded the sweat app I swear up exist or was it just a bikini bodyguard there well I did that no no it was the sweat up gym the sweat up gym I did this one there exactly I never did I only did the bikini body guide when I was on on my travels like I did a six year round the world tour and there I did not have gyms everywhere so I did the bikini body right there but other than that I did the a combination of circuits like the sweat gym circuits and the solid weightlifting and then after like I think like three years ago I started to include Pilates and now that's where I am at I'm at doing circuits weight lifted circuits like all of my circuits are on machines or with weights so I do weight lifted circuits I'm not the Burpee kind of girl um and then I also mix it up with some Pilates and yoga for me is not a workout yoga is for me more like a wellness routine but I try to include yoga more last year and I will continue to try to include it but I don't see it as a workout I see it as a kind of like more like a meditation because I like to try I I really want to try to do it like three times a week in the evening so just to relax and like not Flex my muscles um stretch my muscles because they are very tight and it hurts so now my routine is going to the gym six times a week because I realized that when I go seven times a week so if I do not do a single um break day in my whole week then I burn out quite easily so I always try to do at least not at least I also do one um training three day a week and that works very good for me because to be honest if you went to the gym for like 10 years then it's not hard to go to the gym it's harder not to go to the gym so my break days they are harder for me because I would want to go to the gym so yeah my routine now trained six days a week I always warm up I forgot to mention that I always warm up on the StairMaster I do one cardio day per week where I'm just on the StairMaster and I don't do that to lose weight or something like that because I believe it or not I seriously enjoy the StairMaster because I can watch YouTube videos for like 45 minutes to an hour and I really enjoy that other than that I only do like 50 minutes StairMaster to warm up and then after that either a weight circuit or a pilates training or sometimes just a like a normal weight lifting session but I prefer weight circuits and pilates so most of my days are either great circuits or Pilates so that's my gym routine and on top of that I always try to move my body during the day as well um I mostly do that through walking I aim to get 10 000 steps a day I do not always do that and I do not hang myself up if I don't achieve it um one day I did that in the past because I was like fanatic to get those 10 000 steps now I'm more easy about it and yeah usually after the gym maybe I go and walk on a on a treadmill maybe I just walk around the house seriously most of my 10 000 steps I get because I just walk around the house listen to a podcast phone with my boyfriend a girlfriend um listen no sometimes I read a book whilst walking because obviously I know the layout of um of my of my house very well so I can just walk around and I don't touch anything most of the times but yeah this is my gym routine and now let's move on to the diet routine um not diet routine to my diet um I don't diet I just mean like Diet as my kind of how I eat and first to pre-face this um I suffered of a lot of gut issues over the years mostly like sometimes I just get bloated without a reason like I thought it was without a reason and just bloating and a hard stomach that well that were my main issues it's probably like we now probably figured out that it's because I have Hashimoto this is an autoimmune disease against your thyroid so you have an underactive thyroid because those antibodies they attack your thyroids so it doesn't make enough hormones and I also have to take thyroid medication against that but I only take the real ones now since for weeks so I can't really say much about it but when your thyroid is underactive you got can get very slow and that can lead to bloating so this was it in my case but also you have to look a lot closer to what you eat when you have an autoimmune disease because a lot of different food especially additives can trigger you out autoimmune disease also a lot of people cannot eat gluten I tested that I tested all the antibodies I can eat gluten so that's good but for example I can't eat dairy because I'm lactose intoler intolerant but I also do not really like Dairy so that's not a huge problem for me and yes I do not like cheese I really do not like cheese most people can't believe that but I really do not like cheese so what is my diet like Maria is like um plant Focus so I love vegetables I'm a lover of vegetables grains um but I also eat meat and fish I just looked at they are organic that they are very good formed I would never use mass-produced fish and meat then I would rather be um we be vegetarian so I eat that I eat eggs but not a lot of eggs because um sometimes if I eat too many eggs I just don't feel very well and that could be linked to the lactose intolerant because a lot of people who are lactose intolerant they do not digest eggs very very good so eat meat I eat fish but plant focused I also do not use any added sweeteners except Stevia this is the only added sweetener that I use but you always have to look because with stevia there it's a lot of the times Stevia is mixed with other added sweeteners like sucralose or something like that and you just you just shouldn't eat that no matter if you have gut issues or not you just should not eat that day attack your microbiome there seriously the worst thing to eat and also if you take sweeteners because you think it's easier to lose weight there are a lot of studies that showed that people who ate or drank sweeteners um they did not lose more weight than the people who did the normals normally sweetened like the sugar sweetened things so yeah don't do it it hurts your microbiome it hurts your also wait for if you are looking for that in the future so no added sweeteners I try not to eat processed foods obviously if you're like very meticulous you could you could say everything that is fine like everything could be processed like a flower could be processed but I eat flour not a lot of flour but I eat flour but also I mean tofu could be the processed but I eat tofu sometimes but mostly just seriously just vegetables and Grains like rice I love risotto um I love pasta I freaking love oats I eat so much oats um yeah all of this stuff and nuts I like nuts but also for I can't eat all of the nuts because some give me stomachache for example um peanuts I cannot eat peanuts they are actually also not really a nut but that's another thing yeah and I read a lot of people are very very um um a lot of people do not really believe it because yes as you can see I eat very healthy no processed foods mostly plant-based but I do not eat fruit and that's not something that I did in the last few years since I had gut issues or something like that no I did not eat fruit I like I didn't eat fruit as a baby like maybe as a baby when I couldn't talk but like I can't remember time where I ate fruit even as a little child I detested fruit I detested it the only fruits that I eat nowadays sometimes are raspberry but I do not like the fresh raspberries because they have this hairy stuff on them and I oh I could literally gag thinking about it but I used frozen raspberries sometimes I warmed them up sometimes ate them Frozen but only a little bit so yeah no food for me so this is my diet mostly like eggplant focused but with organic meat and fish non-dairy because I'm lactose intolerant so if you are not you can eat dairy obviously um no added sweeteners no processed foods and yes also when I was 16 years old when I started this health journey I started with obviously like them the trend was going low carb because carb will make you fat was all over the media all over the internet everywhere I obviously did that but then I changed to high carb but and this this literally works better for me I am even like you sometimes you say that if you eat carbs you hold more water but for me it's not the case I feel drier if I eat more carbs because I think my body functions just better on carbs so I eat a mostly carb diet with also a lot of protein I do not eat a lot of fats because I just maybe some nuts someday like a almond milk but to be honest almond milk does really not have a lot of fats in there um yeah that's I don't eat a lot of fat but I eat a lot of carbs and protein so those are the two things I eat and also if you want a vegan protein powder that is only sweetened with stevia I showed that in my last video it's the bulk Wing protein powder obviously not sponsored but it's the only one I found that tastes good is vegan and is only sweetened with stevia and also it has some digestive enzymes and they help a lot so yeah those are my kind of principles on how I eat and now what is my Wellness routine well do you want maybe you maybe we want to change of background so we can change up this video a little bit so let's change up the background a little little bit oh dear the lighting is not good maybe here yeah maybe let's do the red background of my outfit when's sweater and muscle relaxants and I think I wore it and one of the clips um in last week's Vlog as well so I just really like it at the moment so new background red wall hope you like it so now let's go to the wellness routine because this is also something I take very seriously and because Hashimoto is not immune disease you should not um you should really try to eliminate stress because stress equals inflammation inflammation equals more antibodies in my case to match his thyroid so I really try to reduce stress and also my cortisol is always very very very high in my blood panels like last time it should be between 100 and 550 and mine was 1200 so it's still very very high even though I do those things so I couldn't imagine how high it would be otherwise but yeah that's all the reason why I included Pilates and want to include more yoga and not always do the high intensity training because it's it's just not good some low intensity training is very good as well and as you can see I include some photos I did not gain weight um when I started to include more Pilates I actually think it tones some like it it targets some muscles that you usually do not Target with weight lifting so I think complimentary like it's it's the perfect combination weight lifting circuits and Pilates from me it's a perfect combination so yeah my Wellness routine where do I go I go to a lot of places um where I live Insurance Pace for most of them actually like it pays 80 percent of the costs um for all of those things so always make sure to check your insurance because in most countries there is a way that your insurance pays for them so it might sound excessive what I would do but it helps and I really enjoy it so I go to acupuncture I love acupuncture I started it only like a few months ago but I'm absolutely obsessed and no it does not hurt at all but I use it to mainly or lower my inner stress because I do not feel stressed but obviously my body is stressed otherwise my cortisol would not be so high and I would not have like sometimes my heart is really like racing and it wouldn't be like it means my body is stressed and inside like sometimes I was tense like my hands it's always tense and I don't know why so I try to reduce this inner stress so I go to the acupuncture I also go to someone who does um Chinese medicine massage and they are oh the most um like there is nothing that makes me feel more relaxed than a massage there it's amazing I do both acupuncture and the Chinese medicine massage like every three to four weeks and sometimes I go to them the osteopath I don't know if that's everywhere like in Europe it's very very popular and they just look if there's anything here then they they just make some tiny tiny moves here and then you feel better because your muscles can be tense your trigger points I don't know what they do Google it it just works a lot like it works very well because sometimes I get a lot of headaches because maybe I I sit all day long and it's it's not it's not good um for the head and then I my head my neck gets very tense and she does it and the pain goes away seriously in one to two days and yeah it's very useful so maybe if you don't know it check it out and then also um I used to go to the tool of lymphatic drainage massage like every month but then I bought something else I bought some emphatic drainage boots which I use numerous times a week at home in the evening when I'm laying in my bed reading a book and then I just use those and they are oh actually I prefer them to the lymphatic massage that I went to I did not feel any difference there I know there are good lymphatic massages but where I live there just isn't one so I don't go there anymore I just use my boots at home and they are one of the best things I ever bought seriously the best thing I ever bought you can buy them on Amazon they are there are a lot of Brands they are they're good like the feeling you get is amazing and after that after you use it all of you relax you see those um you see all of those maybe it looks like veins but they are not veins they're like the the things where the lymphatic fluid flows through and you see that because it literally Stella sucks the water out so it's very good like it does not suck it out with the boots you have to pee afterwards but yeah then another thing a colon hydrotherapy or colonic and they are very good as well I did it I think twice and I plan to do it like all six months or to a year maybe because it just feel better and I hate the feeling that inside my body there are things that are there for like years and years if it's bad like because it can get stuck there yeah and I hate those feeling it makes me feel kind of dirty so I love that it flushes you out and you feel light as a feather and yeah no toxins nothing is in there anymore I know it should not do that too often because of your microbiome because you obviously also flush out good bacteria but when I do it I always make sure that I'm on a probiotic after that and that I pay extra attention to my diet like the weeks um after the colonics so it's also very good and if you do not have a colonic place near you or if it's too expensive for you there are also a lot of kids that you can do at home like it obviously does not flush out every finger but it flushes out quite a bit so you can get them on Amazon as well an Amazon lover if you don't um if you did not realize it there and yeah those are the places I go for my wellness and self-care but the things for my wellness and self-care that I do at home are a bit different I try to meditate I do not always stick to meditating but I try to but at the moment I'm more into the joy to spend some meditations the future me visualizing meditations and sometimes I just sit or lay in my bed whatever you want and just think about scenarios that I want to happen and I literally think about everything I know what I wear in the moment that it happens how it feels and it feels so real and also you your brain doesn't really understand if something you think about is real or if it's just in your imagination so you get the same um like certain in boosts and you you can if you do it right you can literally feel it as if it was happening right now so I really like that and sometimes meditating I also do just TM meditations where you repeat your mantra for a lot of time so do a mixture of both but don't do it every day visualizing every day like the visualizing meditation sometimes also just before bed but the other meditations I try to do it more but yeah sometimes sometimes I just forget like it you just forget I mean I know it's only like 20 minutes but and everyone has 20 minutes in their day nearly everyone but sometimes I honestly just forget then also what I do and I think it's kind of meditation it's um reading I love to read I really really love to read um I did it last year I did a book challenge where I challenged myself to read um at least 52 books in a year so that equals one book per week I did it added 54 but this year I'm I want to do it again because reading is just so so so so relaxing for me and I noticed that I breathe more easily and deeper and also breathing read the book breath or brief from James Nestor it's a very good book and it it emphasizes how important it is to breathe through your nose and not for your mouth and also focus on the breathing out partly not on the breathing in part so those are things I really do and then I just try to eliminate stress um where possible I have an alarm clock that plays like birds chirping and assimilates um a sunset a sunrise not a sunset um I don't meet people who drain me I do not meet people where when I go I think like it was exhausting I do not meet with them anymore and I also just don't go to stuff where I don't really want to go I only go somewhere when I really want to go and I only do something if I really want to do it and also I try not to be on my phone for too long because I just feel drained after it um because my eyes looking on this small screen for a long time it it just I get a headache I literally get a headache I also deleted Instagram a few months ago because it was nonsense for me I prefer Tick Tock to be honest because that's funny at least and yeah that's what I do to try to eliminate stress and also if you're overwhelmed very easily I am I really am I get overwhelmed so some and I worry about every single thing planning helps me a lot I even do my own planner inserts and you can buy them on ads if you want um I did a store like a few years ago but I think you can still get them and I still use those um planner inserts but I also use other planners I have like a lot of different planners I have a success Journal where I plan my day I have a wellness Journal I have a journal where I just journal and write down all my thoughts that I have and yeah those are my things that I do and planning I think it helps me a lot because if I see my day planned out in front of me or if I write down what I have to do and what I can't forget it's just easier because then I see oh well it's manageable it's not a lot it's manageable I can fit everything in my day I will not forget it and yeah that's what I do that's that's my Wellness routine and I hope that you guys liked this video if you have any questions about my health and wellness routine just leave them down below and I will sure answer them and maybe show you the answer in an upcoming Vlog I'm going to make breakfast because I'm very hungry very very hungry so see you later so I always drink I'm sorry I have to move you a little bit because I need to take a knife out um I always drink some oh it's great drink first the first thing when I wake up but first thing and I am ready for the day and before I start eating just take hot water and just take the hot water out of the tap and then squeeze in half a lemon I love lemon so so much and again I just drink that and after that I take my probiotic oh and also I take it with my supplements and if you're interested in my liturgy here you have it I take something that's called optimal PC it's from seeking health and attention and take down my cortisol levels a bit more naturally because they are very high I take vitamin C and also do not just to take my um supplements but do not treat the same supplement routine as I do just like I do it because I do the blood work and I have to take them then I take vitamin B6 because I have like non-existent B6 levels then I use something that's against my high histamine levels which resulted from the high cortisol levels then I take vitamins biotin if you want a nice interesting Brighton this one is from a brand called pipping Rock it's sublingual biotin 1000 microgram I think it is it tastes so so good it literally tastes amazing I take some vitamin A because that helps with audio movies as well and then I take some vitamin B12 that's that's it that's it for today sometimes I say oh then after those are some guts um it's some good medication cast them with my lime water it's okay and I've always threw my vitamins in this box could I have a basket for you can see I have a basket for daytime and here for night time and I always eat two para nuts or Brazilian nuts a day in the morning because I heard that to Brazilian Brazilian nuts equal your daily selenium need so I really like them and my solenium is none of my problems anymore and yeah do you like them my breakfast you saw that a lot of times already I'm just here the oats with the chia seeds and the sicilium husk that I soaked overnight and now I will just put in some protein powder some cacao cacao powder some soy yogurt not too much soy because soy is not good with thyroid medication but just a little bit and then I mix it up with a lot of cinnamon and I do my milkshake my milkshake my zucchini um chocolate protein shake with it and that's my breakfast so I will film it um as good as I can here this is the Emoji bullet I just put in some frozen steamed zucchini then I will put in a little bit of the chocolate protein powder and a little bit of that caramel latte protein powder just like half a scoop and then I also put in a little bit of that's cocoa powder doing a little bit of that and move the oats the soaked oats I just put in a little bit of cocoa powder first then only the caramel not only just but here more caramel protein powder with the shake more chocolate protein powder and then another way then I take soy yogurt I like the brand also you can get it all over Europe in Paris like you can get it at you express at Monopoly at palm tree I am at the bombashi everywhere and then just mix it but if because this is hard the mixing for it can get a little bit difficult because you do not want because the powder on top sometimes spells outwards and that's not what I want yeah it happens don't tell me don't do it as if powder or something you like falls off your plate then it just makes it mix it mix it I think I put a little bit too little water with my oats last night because then it's harder to serve because it gets harder because of the facility mask but yeah that's what I do stirring it so that is this paste then I take cinnamon and I take a lot of cinnamon I love cinnamon I go to one through one of those pots a week a week that's insane then that's some just organic Stevia two drops put stir it again let's stir again again and then repeating that and with that one here access to fill water mix it and then I will show you final results and that's how it looks after it's mixed I always just mix it once again then you open it up and because of the zucchini and for those of you who don't know I just use steamed zucchini and then I freeze it to make the shape more oh my gosh made a mess again make the shake more creamy because it's zucchini makes it creamy foreign it's actually a vase and you can get it from Ikea you don't have to go into a big idea you can just go if you're in Paris you can just go in our western dress out there too you can just go to the Boulevard mudlin and there is a little IKEA store and they have it on the ground floor they have this little wave and I think it's I think it looks like a glass and it holds like seven eight hundred mil and I am always on a hunt for big glasses so I really like that and now you can see that's also the water cooking because I'm making a tea with it but that's how my breakfast looks and yes it's not very appetizing but it's delicious try it please and oh you're here I always put some loose caramel protein powder on top um yeah now I'm going to eat it and be excited about it I'm just eating I hope you can hear me because my Dyson is on my Dyson um fan not the air wrap the air wrap I used this morning and this is my gorgeous porch which looks so disgusting but it is so so good but I forgot to tell you that I also another thing that I do um for my health and balance routiness and I do try to eliminate toxic products all over my household um this is also if you have an autoimmune disease this is especially important to you but I think everyone should be aware of that um I try for example to use cleaning products that do not have those very harsh chemicals and toxins because they can be very bad for you but I have to say it's very hard to find them because usually they kind of look good and healthy sometimes with like the green colors but they still have those harsh bad chemicals in there and yeah that's hard sometimes but if you have recommendations that you can get in Europe please tell me please please please because I think it's I think it's super hard then I take for example I use this is it here I think it was here I used the wild deodorants this one I used a wild deodorant state will not have a aluminum and all of those other junk stuff vendors and they taste very good they smell delicious this one is coconut and vanilla and I really like it so this is another thing then what else I oh I only take toothpaste without fluoride because this can be very very bad for you as well and then I filter my water I have a water pitcher I think you can fill like two liters in there and then it just drops drops down and this one also filters fluoride out of your water because in a lot of a lot of lot of um Waters they put fluoride in there or it has fluoride in there and then another thing no no that's it and that's it those are like the things that I try to avoid and yeah I that's also I think that's also part of my half and bottom screen and I had to share it with you oh and also like beauty products and cosmetics yeah I'm not that good I do have like my Foundation as usually the Ilias content which is natural and chemical and toxin-free but for example sometimes I would also use the IT Cosmetics CC cream and this one isn't but yeah I mean I do it where I can and with some things I I just have not found something else but yeah mostly I use the Ilia or no foundation and this one is good so yeah that's what I do and if you have recommendations of like cosmetic products very good cosmetic products that are toxin-free and chemical free please tell me in the comments below because I would love to only use those

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChiaraAliesh [5 likes]: What do you want to see next week? ❤
  2. @jimsturt [3 likes]: what a clickbait thumbnail - zero bikinis in this video! 😂😂
  3. @SkjSaad [1 likes]: ❤
  4. @laraalesi [1 likes]: There isnt any 'boring stuff' in your videos, in this video you gave me lot of advice what to do for my health. Im going to do some of them. Thank you!
  5. @annawilson1496 [1 likes]: How many language can you speak well?
  6. @lilynovak [1 likes]: You have really nice english pronunciation, like a teacher
  7. @mejorconestilo [1 likes]: How did you realize you had hashimoto?  I mean which symptoms did you have?

I which you would put more clips to demonstrate what you are talking about 😊 nice vlog!
  8. @Bimmyy [1 likes]: When did you start reading? I like reading books to and find them fascinating. How do you save for you luxury items? Do you have a budget? What countries have you been to?
  9. @lilynovak [1 likes]: What do you usually do in your free time and what is your plans for the future?
  10. @emilybrenner7989 [1 likes]: What is your favourite clothing item?
  11. @laraalesi [1 likes]: What kind of mobile / camera have you got and what motivates you to make videos on Youtube?
  12. @Bimmyy [1 likes]: Lovely vlog! Do you live alone or with your family?

- How To Eat Enough Fiber On a Low Carb Diet: Kind: captions Language: en - Let's go over how do you eat a low carb diet while still getting enough fiber, enough vitamins, enough nutrients? Like how do you still eat healthy when you're eliminating so many carbohydrates? Okay. Let's say that you're limiting your carbohydrates to 50 net grams for the day. And that's the recommendation I make to a lot of my health coaching clients. When I switch them over to a low carb diet. I think if you eat about 50 net grams of carbs. You can still get enough vitamins and minerals and good nutrition and enough fiber. As long as you're picking the right type of carbohydrates. And the colors you have to eat are pretty much going to be vegetables like leafy greens, you know, foods that are low in net carbs, high in nutrition, like nutrient dense type food. And also high in fiber. Now quickly, if you don't know what net carbs are, net carbs are just total carbohydrates minus the fiber. So for example, if you are picking a food that's say 25 grams of total carbohydrates but it has 10 grams of fiber. Like the indigestible part of the food. You're going to be left with 15 net grams. Okay. So let's go over a diet that you should be eating if your goal is to keep your net grams under 50 total net grams of carbohydrates. So I would say you want to eat vegetables like broccoli, cauliflower, like broccoli and cauliflower. Like for every cup only has about three or four net grams of carbohydrate. But they're loaded with vitamins, minerals, nutrition, you know, they're two different colors. You always want to eat a rainbow color of vegetables for different nutrients. They're loaded with fiber. You know, I eat broccoli cauliflower on a regular basis all during the week, you also want to eat those leafy greens. Like, you want to arugula. Arugula is like a free food. Incredibly tasty. They have that bitter amazing taste like a cup of arugula only has like, half a gram of net carbs. You know, incredible. You'll want eat a lot of spinach. You want to eat a lot of kale. Same thing, spinach and kale. A cup of spinach, a cup of kale only has maybe two or three net grams of carbohydrates loaded with nutrition. You know, like celery, celery stock, same thing. Every long celery stalk only has maybe one gram of net carbs, like zucchini, zucchini another incredible, you know, vegetable to eat. I think a medium-sized zucchini, same thing, three, four grams of net carbs. And another food, which I highly recommend even though it's a fruit, you know, it was like an avocado. An avocado is like a super food like a medium-sized avocado, loaded with potassium like seven, eight hundred milligrams of potassium. That's another thing you have to be careful of when you're eating a low carb diet. Not getting enough potassium in your diet and not getting enough magnesium. So definitely pick foods at a high potassium, high in magnesium. Avocado is great. Like a typical avocado may have say 17, 18 total grams of carbohydrates, but only has maybe three or four maybe five net grams of carbs because it has so much fiber has 12, 13 grams or fiber. And when I'm talking like general like that. So when you look up like an avocado, it's hard to like know the exact size unless you're like weighing it. I'm talking like a medium-sized avocado. And this is how you have to eat. So for example, if you want to eat say 50 net grams of carbs, like say you want to lose weight. You want to improve your health, you're switching over to a low carb diet. Most of your calories are going to come from healthy fats. And where these healthy fats going to come from? Just the foods you're eating. So for example, you going to be eating like good quality protein like salmon, you're going to be eating eggs, you know, sardines. The the fatty meats. That's where we're going to get the healthy fats from, right? You're going to get all your fiber now, from the foods I just talked about. You want to get 25, 30 grams of fiber even though you're eating low carb. Even though you're only eating 50 grams of net carbs. If you pick these leafy greens, if you pick these vegetables you're going to be getting the fiber. You're going to be keeping the sugar low and you're going to be keeping the carbs down. And my recommendation for protein is about 0.9 grams per pound of lean body weight. So for example, if you're 150 pound like (indistinct) say you're 20, 25% body fat, you definitely want to eat at least a hundred grams of protein, a hundred, 115, 110 grams of protein, something like that. So this is what your diet should consist of, all your carbs or like say 75% of your carbs that come from these leafy greens rainbow color of vegetables. So for example, if you had five cups of broccoli, one cup of broccoli, one cup of cauliflower, one cup of spinach, one cup of kale, and a whole bunch of like celery stalks, like cut up in a salad, that'll be about 25 grams of net carbs. And it's still going to leave you 25 more grams of net carbs to eat. So for example, if you want to have one starch for the day you want to have one sweet potato, you may get 15, 20 grams of net carbs that you can have that. But that's where your carbs should come from. See, a big mistake people make, and you know, I'm, I'm health coaching people all the time. And how I do it is I look at their food diary constantly. And I'm saying, you know, okay, you did keep your carbs under 50 grams, but there was no nutrition. You picked bread. You decided to have like one bowl of pasta that day. You can't do it like that. You really want to have high fiber, high nutrition, eating a whole bunch of vegetables. Then good quality sources of protein like I talked about. And eat an adequate amount of protein. And you are going to do incredibly well eating a low carb diet. To me it's the best way to eat to lose weight and for optimal health. Now, if you want more of an exact detailed program. I'm also a believer in intermittent fasting. And I recently, I had a personal training client come to me a few months ago, you know, just kind of had just got his blood work back and, you know, it was cholesterol, you know, went really high. And I put them on like a four week, low carb intermittent fasting program. We kind of timed when he ate his meals. We used food timing along with this low carb diet. He did incredibly well. And I mapped the whole thing out in this video. It's a four week low carb intermittent fasting program. You know, check this video out. I think you're going to find it really helpful.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mohamedorayith4626 [1 likes]: Can I assume/ believe that I would need at least 25-30 grams of fibers daily with a normal casual diet I.e 1800 calories including meat, veg and your usual carbs (like rice)??
  2. @MikeCola: Next video to watch: How You Can Lose 10 Pounds In Two Weeks https://youtu.be/BghcgwjRcoY
  3. @vocidpace9734: Great advises!
How would you cook your veggies in order to keep their qualities?
  4. @lisafiona2543: I officially love your videos. They are very helpful.
  5. @KirillBenIgor: Thanks Mike! Good strategies. Would like to add that it's not only weight management issue. I'm not overweight but feel awful when I eat a lot of carbs.

- Client Sandra shares her reviews on AIWO LUXURY WELLNESS RETREAT - Chennai 2023: Kind: captions Language: en good afternoon my name is Sandra teal I'm from Adelaide Australia I'm 63 years old and I was referred to the aiwo healthcation by self-decode I jumped at the opportunity to attend this course here in Chennai because I believe that my interests are longevity and becoming an older person who is healthy and maintains my physical fitness and all of my functions so I particularly wanted to come along I was very happy to be accepted for the course I've had a wonderful experience here the staff have been absolutely amazing and when we arrived on the first day Mr Siva had said to us that he would like to exceed our expectations by one thousand percent and at the time I smiled and thought to myself that's impossible but he has in fact managed to do this in my case particularly we've had an amazing array of tests given to us nothing has been too much trouble for people all sorts of suggestions have been made we've been looked after so well we've been dining in three different restaurants while we've been at the hotel and had amazing Cuisine every lunch every evening and every breakfast I would recommend this course to anybody at all who has any health concerns and particularly as a single woman I feel it's a wonderful opportunity for women who would like to come to a safe environment and investigate their health and physical fitness for the future so I thoroughly recommend to anybody who would like to attend to contact aiwo and find themselves in Chennai at some time in the near future thank you foreign

- Top Healthy&Delicious Food That Has Low Calories: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to our channel in this video we are going to talk about healthy food that has zero or low calories so before starting please like this video and subscribe to our channel for future updates calorie dense foods as well as those with fewer calories should be included in a healthy diet foods heavy and healthy fats such as eggs nuts seeds and avocados have a lot more calories than fruits and vegetables but they're still incredibly nutritious meals can be made more filling and fulfilling by combining calorie dense items like the ones described above with lower calorie foods especially fruits and vegetables furthermore replacing some high calorie items with lower calorie foods can aid in weight loss and enhance other areas of health if you regularly have eggs and a doughnut for breakfast swapping out the donut for an apple or some sauteed vegetables not only cuts calories but also adds a ton of nutrients and beneficial plant chemicals many low-calorie items fortunately can be combined with more filling foods to form a balanced meal here are some low low-calorie dishes to try number 13 apples apples are nutrient-dense fruit that is one of the most popular in the united states apple slices supply 62 calories and about 3 grams of dietary fiber per cup 109 grams apples are a wonderful source of nutrients like fiber vitamin c and potassium as well as antioxidant chemicals like the flavonoid quercetin and are low in calories number 12 arugula arugula is a peppery flavored dark leafy green it's a popular salad ingredient that's high in vitamin k it also has folate calcium and potassium in it arugula has only five calories per cup 20 grams number 11 asparagus asparagus is a flowering vegetable that comes in a variety of colors including green white and purple asparagus comes in a range of colors and contains a variety of vitamins minerals antioxidants and anti-inflammatory plant components asparagus for example has phenolic chemicals like flavonoids as well as sulfur-containing compounds like asparagus acid according to studies cooked asparagus has only 38 calories per cup 180 grams and is high in vitamin k and folate supplying 67 and 21 of the daily values dvs respectively number 10 beetroot beets are colorful root vegetables that come in a variety of hues including red and orange they're high in minerals like folate and manganese as well as phytonutrients like beta lanes and phenolic compounds which may help to keep your heart healthy cooked beets 170 grams offers 17 percent of the daily value for folate and 12 of the daily value for manganese in a one cup serving number nine broccoli broccoli is a cruciferous vegetable that is high in vitamins and minerals people who eat a lot of cruciferous vegetables like broccoli may have a lower chance of acquiring heart disease and certain malignancies according to studies a cup 155 grams of cooked broccoli contains only 54 calories and more than 100 of a daily vitamin c requirement for most people number eight brussels sprouts brussels sprouts are little cabbage like vegetables that can be eaten raw or cooked brussels sprouts like broccoli belong to the cruciferous vegetable family they're a good source of vitamin c a chemical that helps protect cells from oxidative damage these nutritional powerhouses have only 70 calories per cooked cup 155 grams and provide 129 percent of the daily value for vitamin c number seven cabbage cabbage is another cruciferous vegetable that comes in green red and white varieties it's a popular addition to slaws and salads as well as fermented foods like sauerkraut and kimchi with only 22 calories per cup it's very low in calories 89 grams number six carrots carrots are somewhat sweet crisp and nutrient dense carrots come in a variety of colors ranging from white to purple and are most popular in orange variants carrots are high in carotenoids such as lutein and beta-carotene which are essential for healthy vision immunological function and other functions in the body some carotenoids such as beta carotene are converted to the active form of vitamin a a one cup portion of sliced carrots 122 grams contains only 50 calories and more than 100 percent of the daily value for vitamin a number five cauliflower cauliflower appears as a white head surrounded by green foliage purple orange and yellow heads are found on less common types cauliflower has grown increasingly popular as a low carb alternative to vegetables and grains in recent years cauliflower rice and cauliflower pizza crusts for example are popular among low-carb dieters cooked cauliflower has 40 calories and only eight grams of carbohydrates per cup 155 grams number four celery celery has a low calorie count due to its high water content for a classic snacking combination that provides a full mix of protein fat and fiber combined celery sticks with natural peanut butter and a dusting of raisins one cup 120 grams of celery contains only 17 calories number three chart chart is a leafy green that comes in a variety of shapes and sizes it's abundant in vitamin k which is important for blood clotting and bone health chart comprises only seven calories per cup 36 grams and provides 249 of the daily value for vitamin k number two clementines clementines look like miniature oranges they're a popular snack in the united states because of their high vitamin c content one fruit 74 grams contains 40 of the daily value for vitamin c while only containing 35 calories number one cucumbers cucumbers are a cooling vegetable that is frequently used in salads they can also be used to flavor water with fruits and herbs and they can be used as a low calorie base for high protein dishes such as chicken or tuna salad so that's it for today what do you think of our video let us know your thoughts in the comments below if you enjoy this video and would like to hear more from us please subscribe to our channel and turn on notifications before you go thank you so much for watching us you

- Bali Retreat | Better Weather: Kind: captions Language: en so one of the most exciting projects we've got coming up this year is the seven-day retreat in Bali so if you are someone who has some sort of a health problem so it may be that you've tried every single diet over the last five to ten years and you have not been able to get the weight off that you wanted to or you're pre-diabetic or you're diabetic or you've got issues with anxiety and depression or maybe you've had a heart attack or you're concerned about cancer risk since cancer runs in your family then consider the barley program it is seven days of immersion where we will make a very significant difference to your health we've got some really top people specialists in their field presenting on different aspects now it's principally a conference or retreat about low-carb eating but we're going to cover the more extreme version of low-carb eating which is ketosis we're going to cover fasting we're also going to cover back to our theme of insulin sensitivity we are going to cover sleep activity and we're going to do stress management stuff and we'll have some practical sessions on cooking as well some stuff in the stress management arena on meditation Tai Chi yoga so it's not it's a reasonable amount of money so it's a it's not your cheapest program but if you are someone who really wants to make giant strides forward with your health and especially if you are interested in making help you got sufficiently interest that you are interested in helping your family your friends then this is the program for you so October 2020 thanks for listening to the video go to nutrition science group com look along the top for the tab that says barley and they're about a dozen pages there that describes what the program is all about there's a video about barley the the four and a half star of a treat where it's going to be held some of the presenters have a look and bring me zero four to five three one zero six two five dr. John I love to talk to you about it because I'm very confident that this will make a very big difference to your health you

  Top Comments:
  1. @nutritionsciencegroup: Re scheduled to June 2021 due to coronavirus pandemic
  2. @nutritionsciencegroup: Re scheduled to June 2021 due to coronavirus pandemic

- Factor75 Review: A Journey of Nutritional Wellness: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys and welcome back to the channel in this video I'll be reviewing a very popular meal delivery service called Factor 75. I'm going to give you guys my honest unfiltered opinions on Factor 75 service and products and I'll get into some pros and cons nutrition delivery then everything else that you'd want to know but before we get into this video I'd like to mention that I'm not sponsored by factor75 all the meals I received were purchased with my own money and the reflections and observations that I'm going to share are entirely my own however if at any point you'd like to check them out for yourself I have included a link in the description that'll get you up to 60 off your first order which is a unique link that isn't available through factors website okay so with that out of the way let's get started now like many of you guys watching I'm usually cynical when it comes to services like this they're really expensive to the point of being a luxury item and most of them can be made at home for far less money but in this case with Factor 75 you're not just getting a meal plan what you're getting is a fitness plan they include extras to keep you on track with your health and fitness goals such as scheduled meal times to keep you from snacking all day and their plans include all the essential macro and micronutrients to make sure that you're eating the right food groups and calorie count instead of junk Factor 75's prep service is a great first step that many people can take towards getting back into shape instead of pushing off your fitness goals over and over and making excuses when I set yourself up for success and prepare for meal time in advance whether that's by meal prepping yourself or going with a meal delivery service like Factor 75 for a little bit of extra money it's always best to be prepared I'll start off with the more positive things I have to say about Factor 75 and while I'm at it I'll show you how some of their meals look both when they come out of the box and when they're fresh out of the microwave to start with the taste honestly blew me away for something that comes out of a microwave it gives you a real flavor for full and tasty experience you don't have to just take my word for it either I split these with my wife and shared some with my little sister too and they were all really impressed by the flavors in the final product that part definitely exceeded my expectations and there's plenty of variety in the menus as well so you're always able to try new things now you will need to get the more expensive Gourmet plus option if you want to get something besides chicken or ground beef but that's really to be expected as a matter of cost and savings for the company that's not to say the chicken options are bad of course I really thought that I had my fill of chicken before starting this plan but they managed to get me back into it with some truly astounding Chicken menu and in terms of the range of options involved there's no way I would have tried all these different flavors recipes and even entire Cuisines without these meals and I'm really happy for the most part with my experience as for the calorie count some meals are around 300 although most around five to six hundred they look kind of small really but they're incredibly filling and are really tasty in my opinion I could certainly have eaten more after these meals but they still leave you satisfied you won't need to bring snacks around with you all the time even if prepared meal is all you're eating okay now let's move on to some of the negatives the first is definitely the price these are about 10 bucks a meal and that can be a lot for some people you get a bit of grace period with that promo code that I mentioned and they do start dropping the price as you order more meals but it's still more than some people are willing to spend on their meals for me in particular it works since I only use these meals about once a day and besides that they don't really offer that much variety when it comes to vegan and vegetarian options and my only major issue with shipping was when one of the packages came busted open I didn't notice it until it was in my refrigerator but I opened it and saw meat everywhere in the Box I never tried that one and called the company out on that too and in case you're wondering about their customer service they were very easy to get a hold of and even gave me back the full price of the meal even though though I'd only spent about five or six dollars on that one I do wish they shipped in some biodegradable packaging I know most people don't mind plastic packaging but I'd really prefer not to have microwavable Plastics a lot of people don't mind especially if it's BPA free but either way it's not such a big deal if you heat it up on a plate so all that considered would I recommend this to friends and family if you can use the initial discount code or refer people it's definitely worth trying at least enough to see if you get the same positive experience that I did once that expires there's really not much you can do to get that price point back short of referring others but is it worth 10 bucks a meal I'd start by taking inventory on what you're currently eating if you get delivery or go to a restaurant a lot you'll probably spending much more money on a solid meal on the other hand if you were to build these meals at home it would likely only cost you around three to four dollars so what you're really paying for is having a prepared shipped and not even you do any prep or cleanup if those are benefits that you've been after then go for it and if you think that's not something you're willing to pay for then you might want to avoid this and that's fine just as long as you can make your own disciplined meal plan and actually stick to it alright that's it for now I hope you found this video useful and it helps you get into a healthy meal time schedule if you tried Factor 75 in the past I'd love to hear about it so please share it in the comments down below and if you enjoyed this video be sure to like And subscribe to the channel for more informative content like this and also be sure to check the link below this video for that promo code that I mentioned earlier to get up to 60 off on your first order guys thanks so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @CSR [4 likes]: 👉 Get Factor 75 ➜ https://bit.ly/3OxE7aP
       💥EXCLUSIVE DISCOUNT AUTOMATICALLY APPLIED💥

- HALF POPULATION PROJECTED TO HAVE OBESITY BY 2023  EATING OUT IS MAKING YOU GAIN WEIGHT #weightloss: Kind: captions Language: en hey y'all so I just wanted to share this um this article that I found online Google this title and it will come up for you as well as well as other articles I don't think anybody is surprised especially after 2020 a lot of people blamed um kovid for their weight gain in fact I actually lost weight while um when kova started but a lot of people are like hey you know I gained weight so on and so forth can't get it off blah blah blah but the weight gain crisis obesity and uh the Obesity crisis has been a long time coming right I have been making videos on this channel since 2015 talking about this because it's very important to me because historically it has been mostly black and brown people at least that what that is what was listed some years ago um I just do kind of like a general search these days because it's no longer like a black brown it is everybody is just you know overweight and generally unhealthy um not healthy and dealing with health issues and I know that part of the problem is eating out because you know some people believe that um you know create prepping your food meal prepping is just like such a big hassle so on and so forth but I want to talk to the ladies in particular because that is who I'm here for that is why I make content for uh specifically ladies and moms this is uh dinner me and my fiance had dinner it was date night we try to do this you know regularly but I prefer especially since 2020 to cook at home just the food just tastes differently these days and on top of that I just like to know what's in my food I like to know that there's not too much oil in uh so on and so forth and you know just looking at this and people will think oh this is a healthy meal there's your salmon and that's coleslaw actually to the left of the salmon and then I have a Greek salad in I had a Chardonnay I'm sure I had about two or three glasses that night and then we shared it was like a bang bang shrimp type thing but it was less breading but it was still you know a little bit of rice with that and we also share some oysters so I just want us to look at this meal because again one would think this is healthy this Healthy Choice oh a salmon you know healthy fast but the thing is when we're talking about calories and calories out when you're doing this regularly let's say you're single and you're going out to dinner regularly and you're eating like this this is going to add up to excess calories which is going to make you gain weight and my goal here is to help you kind of be mindful of that look at what we're eating here I'm just going to assume that between the alcohol and my entree my salad my meal was at least a thousand calories and I do not eat that much in one sitting ever while everything was delicious you know and while we think we are making the best choices when we go out to eat is not necessarily so because we have excess fats and then on top of that list if you're single and you're doing date night a few times a week with different people honey you are consuming way more calories than necessary so keep in mind that when you when we are trying to prevent obesity and from being overweight we have to look at what we are eating on a daily basis we have to look at what we are drinking we have to be mindful about our food intake especially after you reach a certain age and I'm going to start doing many more videos on health and wellness for ladies over the age of 30 and 35 because that's the group that I am in so ladies let me know your thoughts on this video down in the comments below and I'll see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ElegantlyBrown [2 likes]: Thank god for keto 😊
  2. @AngelaOnEarth [1 likes]: 😳 thanks for sharing. I lost hella weight during the pandemic 😂 So crazy.

- You Can't Lose Weight Eating Less | Low-Carb Diet: Kind: captions Language: en you cannot lose weight by eating less and as a matter of fact restricting calories actually works to make us hungrier and it also slows down our metabolism because our body is fighting back trying to prevent us from starving if you've struggled with losing weight if you've struggled with maintaining weight even if you never have but you're at a point in your life where you're gaining weight a little more easily this is going to be of interest to you hi guys shelly pelly annie parker confidential if that caught your attention you're not alone because it caught mine too the old adage of eat less move more is not only completely wrong but it's almost at the crux of why so many people struggle with weight loss or weight maintenance if you watch any of my other videos on diet and fitness and eating you'll see a very common thread and the common thread has always been i don't eat a lot of carbohydrates specifically because they make me gain weight and they don't work with my body okay well clearly a lot of people fall into the same bucket because that is what this study is about this new study on a low carbohydrate diet is the groundbreaking study uh headed by dr david ludwig the professor of nutrition at the harvard school of public health what the study indicates is that eating a low carbohydrate diet is not only highly effective it's sustainable when people get the diet right by limiting carbs eating a moderate amount of protein and embracing fat they feel naturally full and restrict calories without having to count them okay y'all if you haven't subscribed to my channel please do that below brand new content every tuesday and friday for style wellness and beauty for women 40 and over according to the cdc 40 of americans are obese not just overweight obese so if the mantra of eat less move more worked and worked sustainably over your lifetime we wouldn't have the problem and the issues that we have today so the whole idea of calorie restriction it gets really frustrating to people and i can understand why you feel that you are doing everything that you're supposed to you're getting to the gym you're exercising you're eating less and yes you may lose weight for a little while but it isn't sustainable you can't starve yourself and be hungry all the time on an ongoing basis that is why so many people gain all of the weight back when you live on a low carbohydrate diet your body gets really good at burning fat why because it no longer has a lot of sugar carbohydrates into sugar to eat first for fuel so it goes straight to the body fat that's what limiting the carbohydrates do so what is a low carbohydrate diet there are different parameters depending on your body type and you should always talk to your own nutritionist or healthcare professional to find out what is best for you i personally have always limited my carbohydrates to two servings of carbs per day the magic formula that this study came up with is a diet of moderate clean protein a good amount of healthy fats which means avocado nuts and low carbohydrates what does that do for you a couple things one the name of the game is having a sustainable lifestyle we want to feel that we can enjoy our life but still look good and not suffer i don't calorie count what i look at are the number of carbohydrate servings that i'm having in any given day and again i keep mine to no more than two per day i focus mainly on a lot of greens fresh vegetables i am vegan although i have incorporated white fish back into my diet for healthy proteins avocado nuts seeds i eat those as i want what does that do for me it allows me to maintain the weight and the body fat that i want without suffering i am rarely if ever hungry and if i am hungry i eat something i just keep it to a healthier choice and i'm always sure to include a good fat and i feel satiated now this isn't a diet when i say diet i mean your style of eating not restriction and suffering this is just a very sustainable way of living and eating every once in a while do i go off the wagon and have something that i want yes of course i do but those times are fairly limited here are the key takeaways calorie counting calorie restriction does not work and when i say it doesn't work it does not work on a long-term basis doing so triggers your body to fight back and to slow down your metabolism so that it doesn't starve so instead of focusing on calories on fat focus instead on your carbohydrate intake do not be afraid of fats you guys i eat fats all the time healthy fats i eat a lot of avocados i eat a handful of nuts when i feel like it chia seeds hemp seeds i will use some olive oil when i'm cooking i do not worry about fat so i wanted to share that with you so in case you were like yeah well that's a study but what does it look like in real life it has worked for me give it a go if you're so interested i'm going to put the link to the today show piece down below so that you can go check it out for yourself i like this and i love getting away from counting calories and you know starving ourselves let's just make sensible sustainable changes so that we can all live long happy lives and look and feel our absolute best okay y'all see in a couple days you

  Top Comments:
  1. @missylovestroy [3 likes]: i love this advice ,its much more stainable for a healthy lifetime ,not just if you need to lose weight ,but to remain  over all healthy
  2. @TedBrogan [2 likes]: Wow, people finally seeing that it doesn't matter how much you eat, but WHAT you eat that matters....  Now maybe tell your nutritionists their information is OUTDATED and start doing your own research.
  3. @martacasablanca [1 likes]: It's hard to be low carb on a vegan diet but not impossible. I even have a book on keto veganism but I'm to scared to give keto a go just yet 😅 I love my healthy carbs way too much 💖
  4. @jerrycarolnezat6064 [1 likes]: Good timing. This sounds like a way of life without calorie counting. Hip hip Horray!
  5. @AnnieParkerConfidential: Hi y'all!  Anyone had success on a LOW CARB diet? Share below!
  6. @Eugenia-Edo: Thank you for your health tips advice, with the two serving of carbs per day, do you also do the green skin smoothie.

- Why “Eating Right” Isn’t Enough Anymore: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The internet age promised to democratize knowledge. We hoped for easy access to reliable information. Instead, we find ourselves drowning in a sea of conflicting advice. This is especially true in the realm of health and wellness. One website touts the benefits of a vegan diet. Another promotes high protein, low carb eating. It's enough to make anyone's head spin. This constant barrage of information creates confusion and distrust. Consumers are left wondering who to believe. The result, people become paralyzed by indecision or worse, they fall prey to fat diets and quick fixes. These rarely deliver lasting results, and they can even be harmful. The wellness industry, unfortunately, profits from this confusion. Expensive supplements and restrictive meal plans promise miraculous transformations. But true wellness is not about deprivation or quick fixes. It's about adopting sustainable habits that support long-term health and well-being. It's about nourishing our bodies with real food and moving them with intention. We need to be critical consumers of online information. We must learn to discern evidence-based advice from marketing hype. By arming ourselves with knowledge, we can take control of our health and well-being. We can navigate the digital maze and find our own path to a healthier, happier life. Our modern food system is a marvel of efficiency and convenience. We can walk into a supermarket at any time of year and find a dazzling array of produce. But this abundance often comes at a cost. Industrial farming practices prioritize profit over health. Pesticides, herbicides, and chemical fertilizers are used liberally. These chemicals find their way into our food and ultimately into our bodies. The long-term effects of these chemicals are still being studied, but there is growing concern about their potential impact on our health. Some studies suggest links to a range of health problems. These include hormone disruption, reproductive issues, and even cancer. The way we store and cook our food can also impact its nutritional value and safety. For example, many plastic containers leech harmful chemicals into food. This is especially true when heated. Improper cooking temperatures can also lead to the formation of harmful compounds. These form in foods like meat. Choosing organic produce can help reduce pesticide exposure. So can washing fruits and vegetables thoroughly before consumption. We also need to be mindful of food storage practices. Glass or stainless steel containers are safer alternatives to plastic. And cooking food thoroughly and at the right temperature is crucial for safety. By being aware of the potential dangers lurking in our food system, we can make informed choices. We can protect our health and the health of our families. Wellness retreats have become synonymous with luxury and indulgence. We envision serene spars, gourmet meals, and daily yoga classes. While these can be enjoyable aspects of a retreat, they often overshadow the true purpose to promote holistic well-being. Many retreats focus on pampering the body but neglect the mind and spirit. This superficial approach to wellness fails to address the root causes of our stress and imbalance. It also makes these retreats inaccessible to most people. The high cost of luxury accommodations, gourmet meals, and specialized treatments excludes a large segment of the population. This creates a system where wellness is a privilege enjoyed by the few, not a right accessible to all. A truly transformative wellness retreat should be grounded in a holistic approach. It should address the physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual dimensions of well-being. This involves incorporating practices like mindfulness, meditation, and personal reflection. These practices help us connect with our inner selves and develop a deeper understanding of our needs. Imagine a retreat that offers a space for introspection and growth. A place where you can disconnect from the demands of daily life and reconnect with your true self. This is the kind of wellness experience that can have a lasting impact long after you return home. We need a new model for wellness, one that is accessible, affordable, and truly transformative. This new paradigm should prioritize honesty, transparency, and integrity. It should be grounded in a deep respect for the interconnectedness of mind, body, and spirit. It should empower individuals to take control of their health and well-being. Imagine a wellness retreat that combines the wisdom of traditional healing practices with the insights of modern science. A place where you can receive personalized guidance from experienced practitioners. A place where you can connect with nature, nourish your body with wholesome food, and engage in activities that bring you joy. This new model of wellness is not about luxury or indulgence. It's about creating a space for healing, growth, and transformation. It's about making wellness a part of everyday life, not just a fleeting experience. This vision requires a shift in our mindset. We need to move away from the quick fix mentality and embrace a more holistic and sustainable approach to health and well-being. We need to create a world where everyone has the opportunity to live a healthier, happier, and more fulfilling life. This is the true promise of wellness. I want to collaborate on this startup idea to enhance lifespan. Whether you're a professional traditional medicine expert or investor, let's talk.

- 🧘🏼‍♀️ Wellness Wednesday 🧘🏽‍♂️ - Diets...where do you start? 🤷🏼‍♀️: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone when you're first starting on your health journey it tends to be a little bit overwhelming as there are so many diet fads and healthy options out there where do you even start so for Trevor my self a low carb and gluten-free diet is something that's worked very very well for us and just so you guys know this stemmed from us wanting to have a healthy work-life balance so in order for us to be at the top of our game in our industry we need to be at the top of our game both mentally and physically in order to have the energy and stamina to run the business but even on a personal level Trevor's my husband he's the love of my life and he is older than me I want him around forever so the combination of the two really had us take a step back and re-evaluate our life and start to make some healthier choices so about six or seven years ago we were in Costco of all places and we came across this against all grain a cookbook by Daniel Walker and just so you guys know I will have pictures of this at the end of the video so this cookbook was a lifesaver for us I thought we were gonna be destined to have chicken and broccoli for the rest of our lives which we all know is a very boring but this is filled with so many delicious healthy and easy recipes and for those of you that know me you know I love to cook and I love to entertain and what this really did for me was a crash course on how to substitute some healthy ingredients for the not so healthy ingredients for example rice mashed potatoes or even pizza crusts we could do some cauliflower substitutes for pasta which we love pasta we can do some spiralized vegetable substitutes so this really taught me how to do that so tonight I'm getting ready to make Trevor and myself my favorite dish in the book it's the macadamia coconut crusted Ono and a mango coulis with the coconut lime cauliflower rice and just so you guys know we live in Lake Tahoe we don't have access to oh no all the time so I typically use mahi-mahi and those of you they don't like seafood like my mom substitute it for chicken anytime my mom comes over and I make this dish and make hers with chicken so I'm going to make these rest and I'll give you guys some shortcuts to cut down the time in order to make them but it's delicious to make the macadamia coconut crusted fish I've decided to use halibut tonight but what you'll do is an hour before you start cooking you'll take the fish and it could be any white fish or chicken whatever you guys decide but the same rules are going to apply you'll do 1 cup of coconut milk 1 teaspoon of fresh lemon juice I put mine into a bag and then you'll put it into the refrigerator for an hour 1 set hour is up you'll pull it back out and then make the macadamia coconut breading so how you do that is you do half of a cup of dry roasted macadamia nuts I just get something from the floor you'll put that into a food processor pulsate that about 8 to 10 times you don't want to do it too much you don't want it to turn into a nut butter or liquify by any means once you've pulsed it 8 to 10 times you'll add the rest of the ingredients and that includes 1/4 a cup of unsweetened shredded coconut you'll do let's see 1 tablespoon of fresh parsley let's see half a teaspoon of finely minced lemon zest I usually just use my grater for that the smaller side and then you'll do a half a teaspoon of sea salt and I actually just used Himalayan salt you'll again pulsate that for about 8 to 10 times you don't want it to get runny once that's done I transfer it into a bowl like this I take the fish out a bread it and then transfer it into a baking dish so one thing I forgot to mention is please don't forget to set your oven at 400 degrees Fahrenheit and once the fish is breaded and in a pan that has been sprayed with coconut oil so it doesn't stick I'll put it in the oven for about 15 minutes give or take so for the mango coulis the recipe calls for one large mango peeled and shredded 2 teaspoons of pineapple juice and one teaspoon of fresh lime juice so I do mine a little bit different I don't know about you guys I don't have all the time in the world to peel and shred a mango I go either to get some frozen mango and frozen pineapple chunks or I'll get the freshly cut stuff which I've gotten from the store fresh mango chunks and fresh pineapple so I'll get some of these put it into the blender with some lime I typically use either the juice of an entire lime or two limes I love lime I love the flavor I feel like it tastes a little bit better that way but this saves me a lot of time and once you're done with the mango coulis and the fish is done which I'll show you towards the end of the video you'll take the mango coulis it'll kind of spoon it on top of the plate and plop the fish right on top of it but this way doing it this way with the pre-cut fresh pineapple chunks and mango chunks is so much quicker than trying to peel it yourself while the fish is cooking in the oven we'll move over to the coconut lime rice so the recipe calls for one head of cauliflower trimmed and cut into florets and then either throw it into a food processor or take the one head of cauliflower and grate it against a cheese grater to form that cauliflower rice consistency that takes way too much time go to the frozen section or go to the refrigerated section and find the rice cauliflower stuff that's already pretty done this will save you a lot of time so I used this you'd put this into the pan with some coconut oil so it doesn't stick and then you'll do let's see 1/4 a cup of coconut milk 1 tablespoon of fresh chopped cilantro 1 tablespoon of fresh lime juice and then 2 teaspoons of honey or coconut crystals and 3/4 teaspoon of sea salt so I will tell you I again I love lime I'll probably use 2 tablespoons of lime instead just to give it a little bit more flavor and I feel that that being said this particular brand of coconut milk in the can and maybe the cans not good for you but I actually do like this one it's a little bit thicker and I feel this one has a little bit more flavor it's J basket coconut milk hopefully you can see so either way I'm gonna get that going and show you the final product so the dishes are completed the fish probably took about 15 minutes in the oven at 400 rice took about the cauliflower rice took probably about 10-15 minutes so it doesn't take long to do they're healthy they're easy its apps delicious and so this is a diet the low-carb gluten-free and even alcohol-free diet that Trevor and I really try to stick to Monday through Friday Friday evening and into the weekend we're human were normal were foodies we love wine we love our cocktails so we save the bad stuff for the weekends our pizzas are pasta all the delicious stuff so this is what we do either way I would love to get some feedback from you guys I always get such a great recipe from all of my girlfriends and such a great ideas from everybody and I wanted to make sure I was sharing the same with you so let me know what you think if you have any questions feel free to contact me or even comment below but Cheers to the lake life and hope hopefully this was helpful for you guys Thanks

- The 10 Healthiest Foods You Can Eat Without Worrying About Carbs and Sugar: Kind: captions Language: en to stay healthy it's important to lower the&nbsp; amount of carbs and sugars you eat junk food&nbsp;&nbsp; is full of processed carbs and refined sugar that&nbsp; can have negative effects on your body consuming&nbsp;&nbsp; too much of these types of food in the long run&nbsp; will lead to health problems such as weight gain&nbsp;&nbsp; diabetes obesity and many other illnesses so the&nbsp; following list contains some of the best sources&nbsp;&nbsp; of nutrients for your body that promote natural&nbsp; healing while having very little sugar or carbs eating salmon regularly can help you lose weight&nbsp; and maintain a healthy lifestyle the fish you are&nbsp;&nbsp; about to eat is an excellent source of omega-3&nbsp; fatty acids which is linked to reducing the risk&nbsp;&nbsp; of depression heart disease and some types&nbsp; of cancer research shows that eating fatty&nbsp;&nbsp; fish like salmon and other omega-3 rich foods&nbsp; in combination with an active lifestyle may&nbsp;&nbsp; lead to weight loss especially in those who&nbsp; struggle with obesity the omega-3 fatty acids&nbsp;&nbsp; in Salmon give the fish a richer fat content&nbsp; these fatty acids might be good for your skin&nbsp;&nbsp; and make it look more healthy and moisturized&nbsp; eat at least two servings of salmon per week&nbsp;&nbsp; to help you get the right balance in your&nbsp; diet and reduce the risk of various diseases eggs are a great way to get protein and can&nbsp; easily be added to an overall balanced diet&nbsp;&nbsp; eggs are a great source of B2 and b12 which&nbsp; are important for maintaining energy levels&nbsp;&nbsp; and the production of red blood cells but they&nbsp; also do not contain any fat or cholesterol but&nbsp;&nbsp; the whites are just as valuable they give&nbsp; you protein and some vitamins eggs are an&nbsp;&nbsp; excellent source of leucine which is necessary&nbsp; for replenishing muscles after a workout they&nbsp;&nbsp; also contain choline crucial for healthy&nbsp; cell membrane maintenance eating nutritious&nbsp;&nbsp; food in moderate amounts including&nbsp; fat is necessary for a healthy diet cucumber cucumbers are often referred to as&nbsp; a vegetable but they're actually more like a&nbsp;&nbsp; fruit they have loads of beneficial nutrients&nbsp; and plant compounds that can have an impact&nbsp;&nbsp; on your health cucumbers also happen to be low&nbsp; in calories and contain a good amount of water&nbsp;&nbsp; and soluble fiber which makes them ideal for&nbsp; promoting hydration and aiding in weight loss&nbsp;&nbsp; each one cup serving contains 16 calories while an&nbsp; entire 11 ounce cucumber contains 45 calories to&nbsp;&nbsp; get the most benefits from cucumbers it's best&nbsp; for them to be eaten without the peel eating&nbsp;&nbsp; the whole vegetable will give you more nutrients&nbsp; as well as fiber and some vitamins and minerals an excellent food for weight loss because of&nbsp; its ability to promote healthy gut flora and&nbsp;&nbsp; increase the absorption of beneficial minerals as&nbsp; its name suggests fermented cabbage or sauerkraut&nbsp;&nbsp; offers a really high level of nutrition&nbsp; during the fermentation process bacteria&nbsp;&nbsp; converts the naturally occurring sugars in&nbsp; the Cabbage into carbon dioxide and organic&nbsp;&nbsp; acids that's because sauerkraut like most&nbsp; vegetables is low in calories and high in&nbsp;&nbsp; fiber these characteristics make it a great&nbsp; addition to any diet as it will help you stay&nbsp;&nbsp; Fuller for longer which may in turn naturally&nbsp; lead to a reduced caloric intake every day the cruciferous family are a good source of&nbsp; nutrients such as fiber calcium potassium and&nbsp;&nbsp; folate as well as phytonutrients which help&nbsp; to lower the risk of heart disease diabetes&nbsp;&nbsp; and some types of cancer broccoli is very low&nbsp; in calories but high in both fiber and protein&nbsp;&nbsp; compared to other vegetables it offers a lot&nbsp; of both when it comes to nutrients additionally&nbsp;&nbsp; broccoli offers important antioxidants including&nbsp; vitamin C and beta-carotene a single serving of&nbsp;&nbsp; a half a cup of it can supply almost 85&nbsp; percent of the recommended daily intake&nbsp;&nbsp; for vitamin C contrary to popular belief&nbsp; steaming broccoli is not always the best&nbsp;&nbsp; way to prepare it it can easily overcook and&nbsp; lead to a loss of some of its key nutrients it's no secret that a weight loss diet&nbsp; often contains cottage cheese multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; Studies have found that the protein in cottage&nbsp; cheese can help increase feelings of fullness&nbsp;&nbsp; and decrease total calorie intake with 17 grams&nbsp; of protein and only 100 calories cottage cheese&nbsp;&nbsp; is a great low-calorie fat burner I am always&nbsp; on the lookout for healthy meal ideas a study&nbsp;&nbsp; in 30 adults found that cottage cheese is&nbsp; just as filling as an omelet with a similar&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrient composition therefore adding cottage&nbsp; cheese to your diet might be one way that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can help yourself feel Fuller after meals&nbsp; and reduce your calorie intake spread it on&nbsp;&nbsp; toast mix it into eggs or use as a Dip's base&nbsp; there are so many ways to enjoy this SuperFood soybean plants have a number of remarkable&nbsp; qualities and are usually eaten when they're&nbsp;&nbsp; still young and fresh making them a popular&nbsp; snack edamame is soybeans which are often&nbsp;&nbsp; boiled and salted for a quick snack they're&nbsp; easy to cook and delicious these beans are&nbsp;&nbsp; always a healthy choice they're just&nbsp; under 10 grams of dietary fiber per one&nbsp;&nbsp; half cup serving healthy fats and about 11&nbsp; grams of protein these benefits definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; speak for themselves as a healthy breakfast&nbsp; alternative these young soybeans are a great&nbsp;&nbsp; choice offering the same amount of protein&nbsp; as roasted turkey edamame is a healthy and&nbsp;&nbsp; tasty legume that can be used as a good&nbsp; low calorie snack option for many people nuts are vitamin Rich high in healthy fats and&nbsp; protein but have low carb levels they provide&nbsp;&nbsp; a healthy amount of plant-based protein&nbsp; as well as monosaturated fats these are&nbsp;&nbsp; all factors in combating heart disease&nbsp; and obesity while promoting healthier&nbsp;&nbsp; cholesterol levels most nuts are low carb&nbsp; some are good for you and some are not but&nbsp;&nbsp; peanuts and manioc are especially carb free&nbsp; walnuts have more antioxidants than any other&nbsp;&nbsp; nut and they contain many vitamins healthy&nbsp; fats and oils one of the best things about&nbsp;&nbsp; nuts is that they are low in carbs and&nbsp; high in nutrients which means that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can eat them without any negative effects they&nbsp; have a great taste and will go with anything this Lush vegetable called kale provides a variety&nbsp; of important nutrients it has a low amount of&nbsp;&nbsp; calories like most vegetables but also a good&nbsp; range of essential nutrients which can include&nbsp;&nbsp; calcium vitamin K Vitamin A manganese potassium&nbsp; and copper it is also high in fiber to help you&nbsp;&nbsp; feel satisfied the benefits of kale are high&nbsp; levels of vitamin C beta-carotene calcium and&nbsp;&nbsp; antioxidants it also contains lutein which is&nbsp; thought to slow the development of age-related&nbsp;&nbsp; macular degeneration although there have not been&nbsp; any studies to test the effects of kale on weight&nbsp;&nbsp; loss it's still possible that it could be a useful&nbsp; addition to a diet plan trying to lose weight many herbs and spices have been shown to&nbsp; help fight Cravings speed up fat loss and&nbsp;&nbsp; help with overall weight management this is&nbsp; why they are often used in popular diets they&nbsp;&nbsp; have been an important part of cooking since&nbsp; the beginning of time whenever I cook pasta I&nbsp;&nbsp; always add some freshly chopped basil even if&nbsp; my meal is great it's not complete until I add&nbsp;&nbsp; some herbs and spices many spices have been&nbsp; shown to curb Cravings while supporting fat&nbsp;&nbsp; burn simply diversifying your spice cabinet can&nbsp; help with weight loss potential this increases&nbsp;&nbsp; your metabolism when combined with diet&nbsp; and exercise weight management is possible&nbsp;&nbsp; if you'd like to learn more about superfoods&nbsp; you can't miss this video right here like And&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe to not miss anything thanks for watching

- What Sarah Has To Say About Our Health & Wellness Products | Customer Testimonial: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi i'm sarah and i'm a fitness enthusiast i've always loved fitness and i did everything under the sun to remain fit ever since my school days fitness is really important to me i followed all the trends tried all the latest fitness products and i was looking for a one-stop store where i can find all my favorite wellness products under one roof and with the fablecare app i found just that their fitness and wellness section has everything i want and more especially the rolled oats gluten-free which has been keeping my cravings under control i'm thrilled they're having a winter sale for all their health products i would advise all fitness enthusiasts to go check out the facebook care app where they can find products that would keep their cravings under control i've been using fable ever since the second wave of lockdown and i'm loving it

- Super Dollar Tree Diet Guide: The $1.25 Health Revolution! How to lose weight fast on a budget!🔥: Kind: captions Language: en So, what if I told you there's this incredible book out there that's helping people totally transform their health, lose weight, and save a ton of money, all with a shopping list where every single item costs just 125? Yep. Today, we're diving into the brilliant idea behind the Dollar Tree diet. Just take a look at this. Jenny Mom 2023 went from spending over $150 a week down to 30. I mean, $30. And on top of that, she lost 18 lb in 6 weeks. That is a massive lifealtering change for her health and her bank account. And it just keeps going. This person saved over 400 bucks in only 2 months and lost 25 lbs. You know what's so brilliant about this whole concept is that it makes it clear that good health isn't some luxury item. It's for everyone who's ever felt like eating healthy was just too darn expensive. Okay, and this is where it gets really, really powerful. We're talking about more than just numbers on a scale here. We're talking about the stuff that really matters. Cholesterol dropping 60 points. Blood pressure getting back to normal. These are the kinds of results that make your doctor sit up and say, "Wow, what have you been doing?" All right, I know what you're probably thinking right now, cuz I was thinking it, too. This sounds a little too good to be true, doesn't it? Can you really seriously get healthy shopping at a dollar store? Well, let's see exactly how this book breaks it down. To get there, the book kicks things off by blowing the lid off what it calls the great health hoax. And frankly, it's one of the biggest myths in the entire nutrition world. See, on one side, you've got this whole wellness industry telling you that you need fancy, organic, expensive superfoods to even think about being healthy. But then you have the simple budget truth. Protein is protein. Nutrients are nutrients. Your body literally doesn't care if those nutrients came from a high-end grocery store or a discount aisle. And this quote, oh man, this is probably my favorite line in the whole book because it just cuts through all the nonsense. It so perfectly sums up the entire idea. At the end of the day, nutritional value comes from, well, nutrients, not from a fancy label or a clever marketing campaign. So, if we just toss that old myth out the window, what do we replace it with? Well, the book lays out this really simple but totally revolutionary way to look at building a healthy life on a budget. And here are the five core principles that make it all click. It all starts with one super simple rule. Everything is $1.25. Easy. From there, it's all about getting the most nutritional bang for your buck, mixing those items into balanced meals, and using a little creativity to keep things from getting boring. This isn't about deprivation. It's about being super smart. Okay, that all sounds great. in theory, but what are you actually putting in your shopping cart? Let's take a look at how the book helps you build a pantry that is totally budget proof. All right, first up, protein. This is the stuff that keeps you full and stops those mid-after afternoon cravings, right? We're talking canned tuna, chicken, all kinds of beans, peanut butter. All of these are powerhouse sources of protein. And yeah, they're all just a buck 25 each. Okay, next we need energy. That's where carbs and fiber come in. The book points you towards essentials like oatmeal, brown rice, and even whole grain options for pasta and bread. These are going to be the foundation for so many of your meals. And you know what's so amazing about this? You don't have to go searching for some special health food store. This whole system is designed around things you can find at thousands of Dollar Tree stores all across the country. That makes this one of the most accessible health plans ever created. It's brilliant. So, let's put this all together. Here's a sample shopping list from the book that can cover one person for a whole week. You've got all your protein, your carbs, a good mix of veggies and fruits from the canned and frozen aisles, and even some extras like almond milk and spices. So, what's the grand total for all that food? An entire week of groceries? $32.50. Just let that sink in for a second. Think back to that first person who was spending $150. The amount of money you can save is just staggering. Okay, so you have a cart full of affordable food, but the big question is, can you make it into something you actually want to eat? This is where that creativity we talked about really comes into play. For breakfast, you could start your day with something simple but really satisfying. Some oatmeal for that slow release energy, canned peaches for a little sweetness, and a scoop of peanut butter for protein and healthy fats. It's balanced. It's tasty. And it costs next to nothing. Lunchtime, you're busy. How about something you can literally toss together in 2 minutes? A quick bean salad with some corn and a splash of dressing. It's loaded with plant-based protein and fiber, and you can make a big batch to last a few days. Easy. And for dinner, who says budget eating has to be dole? We're talking a classic chicken stir fry. You just use canned chicken, a bag of frozen veggies, and serve it over brown rice. It's a complete healthy meal that proves you don't need to spend a lot to eat really, really well. So, the meals work, the shopping works, but let's zoom out a bit. How does this turn into something you can do for the long haul? Let's talk about the path to real success. And here is the milliondoll question or maybe the $32.50 question. Can you actually stick with this? Is this just another fat diet or is it a real lifestyle change? The book's answer is a huge yes. Because here's the secret. It's not really a diet. It's more like a training program for your life. It teaches you the skills. Meal planning, portion control, getting creative in the kitchen. These are skills that you can take with you forever, no matter where you shop. I want to leave you with this one last thought from the book because honestly, it just sums up this entire brilliant idea. It says, "Your most powerful tool isn't your money. It's your creativity and your courage to just try something different." It's about knowing you have the power to change your health right now with what's right in front of you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDietDocs: Get Your Full E-book Here!!! 💪 https://valuehouse.gumroad.com/l/DietDocsDollarTreeDiet

- TIPS to eat KETO at RESTAURANTS with Dr. Eric Westman: Kind: captions Language: en can you eat at restaurants on a keto diet that's the topic of today's discussion I'm Dr Eric Westman and if you don't have my top 10 tips to start keto the right way click on the link in the description below when I first started implementing a low-carb diet and my first study the year 1999 it might have been 2000 when we actually enrolled people so that's over 20 years ago for me really didn't know much about nutrition like most doctors I I had one of my patients two of my patients lose weight fit over 50 pounds doing the Atkins diet I was curious I went to visit Dr Atkins Dr Eads Dr Bernstein Dr No Dr Reed's had already retired sorry the Mike and Mary Dan couldn't visit their practice but I did visit Dr rosedale's practice I visited Dr Bernstein and then a couple doctors in the midwest I wanted to learn how to implement a program in Durham North Carolina where we were telling people to keep the carbs under 20 total grams per day we're going to follow them over six months this is the first study we ever did so people get enrolled it was one arm meaning everyone got the low carb diet like Dr Atkins taught it in New York City that's the list of foods that I got with permission after I visited there and uh you know I was learning that you could actually eat in restaurants and fast food places and it didn't matter what grocery store you went to and and the Practical implementation of it was actually a lot more flexible than the kind of stereotype of what the Atkins diet was which is that's what it was called back then now the strictest version of Atkins called Atkins induction is really the similar type of diet to a keto diet today and but there are lots of ways to do it you could do a very fancy Afghan style and the the books were all very fancy with beautiful meals and and yet that wasn't the patient population I was trying to teach here in Durham North Carolina so I learned that the major theme was keeping the carbohydrates really low so the body starts burning its own fat so so basically you're getting all the nutrition you need but you're not blocking the fat burning by eating carbohydrates you know every body will go into ketosis if you don't eat for two days that's our stored fuel so you know it's almost like the safe mode on a computer there's nothing wrong with it in fact if I was building a computer I'd make it even a little more efficient if I was into safe mode I've never built a computer nor a body but but this idea that ketosis is harmful or bad or or to be afraid of it or it's dangerous just really hasn't rung through the years of the clinical use and the studies about this kind of approach so in North Carolina I learned pretty quickly that you had to address a couple things getting the availability of eating at fast food places at restaurants especially Mexican very popular Mexican and Chinese and um very popular in our area and then uh the idea that you had to get chocolate now that's probably true on any approach but it is this is the first type of dietary program that I've ever studied I came from internal medicine and studying smoking cessation techniques and so I learned the ins and outs of how to do a low carb diet you know using Meats meat eggs fish chicken poultry it's really those are all complete proteins and so I worry less now about your nutritional needs if you're eating that set of foods first so the protein comes first and um so I really didn't plan on learning how to help someone if they had to go to a fast food place or a restaurant but by a practical need the idea that I had to learn okay you're going to a Mexican restaurant now the chips are full of carbs so you can't have chips and then of course at first people oh no no chips what can I relax actually it's a lot easier once you get started and after a couple days you don't even miss these things um now some people today if you're feeling a little you know cheeky you can bring in your own chicharrones or pork rinds as the chip substitute but some restaurants probably wouldn't want you to do that but so the uh in our area probably the most popular Mexican restaurant item is the fajitas they're called naked fajitas because you don't use the tortilla wrap so you get the sizzling meat and vegetables but of course no beans and rice often that's brought to the Frijoles and alrose so you just say no thank you to those sometimes in our area they'll get give you a guacamole salad or a pico de gallo salad as a side with your sizzling fajitas of course fajitas you could get just the meat the chicken or the shrimp in our area or you get all the combination of the three um other popular things to do at Mexican restaurants getting the bacon wrapped shrimp and having the spices is just fine the hot sauce but of course you can't have the rice guacamole for most people is is fine just at first we would recommend not having too much of the guacamole just because avocados have some carbs they're not zero so there should be some limit on it and most people don't get dessert at a Mexican restaurant in our area or flan would actually be pretty low most places but you'd want to stay away from really sugary desserts so the the Mexican restaurant is very popular the Chinese restaurant again is frequented very very often here and you wouldn't want to have an egg roll because the egg roll wrap has carbs it's um you want to stay for what you I guess you could have the inside but often they have rice um but you'll want to get a dish that is stir-fried or or steamed without a lot of breading on it so you want to be very careful about the breading on the the foods that you get including at a Chinese place um of course no rice at the Chinese place you might get the chicken satay if they have it that's you know chicken on a stick or if you had a buffet you get to choose amongst these items or order a dish that's the beef and the broccoli without a lot of sauce on it or some sort of shrimp and vegetable and you know the uh idea of always having to have rice with the dish will fade away don't don't worry and stay away from something that is a really sugary sauce like sweet and sour sauce or or general sauce these would be higher in Sugar now depending on your metabolism what you're trying to accomplish you may be able to have more carbs or you may have to have less carbs and in my clinic situation I assume that everyone has to be really strict most people are coming to me with a long weight loss Journey or the the desire to reverse serious medical problems like diabetes high blood pressure metabolic syndrome I keep these folks at the 20 grams or less and would advise even to scrape off the the extra sugary sauce if you can when you're out and about at a restaurant other popular places to eat pizza is very popular and while you might assume that all crusts have carbs well most places they do you can always scrape off the toppings and so you get the meat lovers or some combination of meats on the topping the cheese and the tomato sauce is relatively low the sauce might have a little bit of carbs remember we're talking grams of carbs not micrograms or carblets so scrape off the toppings of a couple pizzas for the family outing if someone else has purchased the pizza in our area though people are putting Pizza in the a bowl without some breading at all so there are these crustless pizzas are now available and there's one company that has a keto crust that as I calculated the whole thing it turned out to be about 25 total carbs so if you were splitting one of those pizza crusts with a keto crust with someone else that would be down to about 12 and a half carbs so even Pizza is not out of bounds now you can find some crusts and pieces at the store but be careful always look at the total carbs not net net carbs just means more carbs and it's less certain and I want it to be certain so it's more accurate if you use the total carb method and in fact it's a little stronger so I call that the prescription strength method of Keto where you're looking at the total carbs not the net carbs now it might work for some people the net carbs but I want to work for everyone don't you so other other places uh you know the Sub sub sandwich places seem to have it down they they just put the meat on the lettuce a lot of places even just you know it's called a sub in a tub or a a salad you know um with the the meat on the top remember you get to who really enjoy the full fat dressings like blue cheese ranch Caesar and you know putting a ranch dressing on a sub sandwich on some lettuce that's not bad and remember no suffering allowed on a program like this if it's going to be sustainable I've got to help you figure out how to not only eat at home and and shop at the places you want to shop but also help you navigate when you're traveling going to fast food or ethnic restaurants you really can eat anywhere and you know but why not make it simple sometime and go to the steak place you know if I could I would I would live on steak and that's just fine remember the but don't allow them to even put the bread on the table at first after a while you won't even be tempted by the bread I've give it just a few days it's remarkably fast but a steak and a veggie don't need to have desserts although down the road after someone's been on this a while or they're trying to reincorporate carbs they're at their goal he might have something like a half A Slice of Cheesecake you just don't eat the crust or you have some berries with some cream or whipped cream on it you have the underside of the creme brulee without the top which is the sugary part so it's really more like a flan there are ways to have these reincorporated the other ethnic or other really popular restaurants in our area are the barbecue places and I have to say I could live on brisket I had no idea I grew up in Wisconsin we had bratwurst and and Kraut and here there's one particular store and you know you have to find the one that you like best but whenever I'm in that part of town I'll go in for the brisket and and I like the sausages there or you might have the pulled pork but of course no bun no bread often you'll go to a chicken place and remember don't get the chicken with the breading on it get chicken that's grilled chicken or rotisserie chicken you might get the chicken sandwich just don't eat the bun and rather these are now that we're blurring fast food and restaurants with these kinds of Buffets you can go up and get fresh food and have a seat and you just want to avoid the rice the bread the beans that sort of thing but it's really never been easier to do a low carb diet with the resources at the stores at the restaurants and in my clinic that's my job to help you figure out how to make it work within your lifestyle I hope that's helpful if you don't have my top 10 tips to start keto right please check the link in the description below until the next time [Music] if you enjoyed this video be sure to like subscribe and hit the notification Bell and check out adapterlifeacademy.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @leeinwis [1 likes]: Eggplant parm is a good pizza a and spag. replacement. I use Italian sweet ground sausage ,mushrooms, and plenty of cheese.
  2. @YG-fo5rl [1 likes]: I hear a lot about veggies, how about fruits? Can one still have berries (limited) while on keto diet? like blueberries and strawberries.
  3. @UrsaBella [1 likes]: keto at a restaurant? easy peasy..I go for a stake each and every time with sautéed veggies in a butter sauce. A benefit...I can eat 10/12 oz stake and get up with a flat stomach after this meal.I typically never go to mexican or Chinese restaurants
  4. @ficanning6135 [1 likes]: In NZ the home of grass fed meat the meat portions are tiny and expensive. I've given up. I eat at home
  5. @chuck5558 [1 likes]: Yes, it's easy. Romaine lettuce salad with olive oil dressing, steak, fish or chicken, no bread, potatoes or desert.  We eat at a local fast food place with good quality local sourced meat.  Order a double burger and just eat it with the bottom bun.  No fries or soda.
  6. @rabokarabekian409: Avoid eat-out tomato sauce. Nearly all of them pour in the sugar. Catsup usually has more sugar than ice cream does.
DO NOT trust "cauliflower" crusts implicitly. They usually have starches in them to stick them together.
Cream soups and sauces are made with a lot of corn starch.
The common artificial sweeteners will almost always have 5 grams of dextrose and/or maltodextrin: both of which raise glucose than sucrose or fructose do.
Fast food burgers have enough sugar you can measure the blood glucose rise.

The problem with net carb, is the fiber should be inherently bound up with the starch, not just added as a separate ingredient.
Memorize this: not all carbs are equal. They ain't gonna give you Glycemic Index or Load values.
Finally, about 1/3 of the protein your body doesn't use will likely be turned into glucose by your liver.
Without frequent BUN/Creatinine Ratio tests, you can only guess what you are actually using up. O
r stick to the amonuts people like Cywes give.

I been at this for 23 years. 
Good weight, goodhealth, good labs, 12 hours exercise / week at 71, doing full time tech doc work until I die.
  7. @Caliboston-4: Chinese restaurant, chicken lettuce wraps and it never takes me out of Ketosis.
  8. @thornil2231: Simple: Never eat in restaurants.
  9. @lyndelf: I haven't had a cracker in years....................I still miss them😢
  10. @lunchbeast9899: Too babbly!
  11. @MyGrowthRings: Excellent advice, Doctor. I discovered your channel last night hand have been binging all day. We live in the High Point area and I’m curious to know the name of your favorite BBQ place over there. Thanks for all you do. Scott
  12. @youngbull0: Great video Doc!!  Regarding those yummy creamy salad dressings - gotta watch out for the seed oils in those.  Here is what ChatGPT says on why they pack them with seed oils:

Why seed oils are common
	•	Neutral flavor & low cost → Soybean oil, canola oil, and sunflower oil are inexpensive and don’t overpower flavor.
	•	Texture & stability → They emulsify well with water, vinegar, and stabilizers, giving dressings their creamy consistency.
	•	Long shelf life → Refined seed oils resist rancidity, making them ideal for mass-market products.
  13. @CrazyHomelessWeirdo: One of the sad statements in this video to me and points to how we train our doctors in this country is when he said that he didn't know much about nutrition. even though he was a practicing doctor and  nutrition should be one of the key things that doctors should be learning. because it's one of the key things to keep you healthy like what you eat plays a big part in how good of a quality of life you have and how healthy you are. in that quality of life the right way of eating can mean the difference between having a lot of energy during the day and it can help combat and prevent health problems so the fact that a doctor does not know about nutrition or is not taught that in their educational process is a sad thing. because that should be year one of med school is teaching you about nutrition because that's how you prevent illness so you don't have to treat it later. my doctor mother may God Rest her Soul always used to say it is far better  to prevent illness than it is to treat it.

Also it says a lot of how we look at Health Care in this country that we look at it more as a treatment for when you're ill then as help and support to prevent you from getting ill
  14. @CJ-6993: I love all of this, but It seems almost criminal to leave out that most mexican resaurants are going to use some kind of vegtable / seed oil on the grill. These freakin awful things stay in your sstem for 2 years.
  15. @asharamisal4382: What a beautiful and wonderful doctor ❤️!
  16. @BiddyTheYounger: What? No bread at a steak house? How else I’m I to eat all that butter? 
Bread is a conduit for butter and sopping up gravy and runny egg yolk.
  17. @rwheeler6765: I wear a CGM, and keto with no starchy foods.  Mexican restaurant is the most difficult.  Tortillas are everywhere!!.  Some very traditional dishes are excellent, but fajitas and no rice and no tortillas can work with a spoon for the salsa.  On the asian, I pick the traditional menu items which are not a sweet sause, but are usually very spicy!!
  18. @vibeladiesnight: He so cute.. I like it when he speaks spanish. But being a nurse… I really like the educational content
  19. @lindamoen6618: I go to Pizza Ranch when we go out. Best chicken around and get 3 wings and Kens blue cheese dressing for dip.  Pizza I order thin crust extra sausage no chips, no onions comes with lots of lettuce and cheese - when I get it I scrape off the toppings and eat it.  Other than that we will eat at Applebees and get a bacon cheeseburger no bun no ketchup served in lettuce wrap.  I am one of those people who can eat 1 chip, and one French fry.  My husband is 85 and 75 myself and i have lots of willpower 😅. We go out only once a month to eat dinner at about 1 pm otherwise I do all the cooking at home except supper my husband always makes himself a salad and I have some kind of meat or eggs
  20. @josephdiao8149: Man the number of races you manage to  offend by calling egg rolls and chicken satay etc as Chinese food and scrapped off toppings as pizzas...!😂 Seriously though I'm Chinese and real Chinese dishes often are very, very low carb as real Chinese people actually eat dishes that are 70-80% keto friendly alongside a large bowl of white rice and ends with deserts. Assuming we eat with the three macros relatively the same you can only imagine how much carbs are in the actual dishes.

- HEALTH VLOG | staying focused, home workout routine, lower carb meal ideas and inspiration: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] tell me about that little boy playing in the kindergarten but but then she said you got it wrong i'm sorry i am not the good morning lovely people i apologize for how sweaty i am right now oh my goodness me i have decided to start a two-week fitness challenge i'm gonna film my experience with it so let me know if you'd be interested in seeing that and i'll see how we go with it um i've done one once before but i only got to day ten so i thought i would do 14 days hold myself accountable by filming it so i can share hopefully a good transformation with you guys my aim is to just be a bit more toned um since i finished at the gym i've been doing like no cardio i've been doing a bit of pilates for strength and mobility for my joints because i don't know if i've ever shared this with you guys but i am hyper mobile so i have to be really careful um and i also have really weak hips and ankles so i'm just trying to gain strength in them and pilates has really helped that challenge it's the chloe tin one if you want to join me and kill yourself every morning then feel free um i found it easier than last time but still incredibly difficult oh my goodness me so yeah you're joining me today for i guess just a health focused day in the life so this is what i've been doing today and um i guess for the next 14 days i'll be doing the same sort of workout and i am gonna go and have a very much needed shower now and then we will think about what we're having for breakfast it is definitely shopping day so today is gonna be a bit interesting probably just gonna have to see what we've got in the cupboards and make do with what we already have in rather than you know having lots of fancy recipes and things but yeah i'm gonna get this sweaty body and greasy hair in the shower so i'll see you guys in a little while so i just want to say a big thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring today's video and for keeping me feeling healthy strong vibrant and the best i've ever felt i've been drinking it for a few months and i've noticed such a huge difference in my life so it has 75 vitamins and minerals inside and it's completely replaced all of the tablets that i had in my kitchen cupboards that every time i opened the cupboard they would all fall out on me oh it's been such a breath of fresh air and just such a nice easy swap and change up for my routine as well and thanks to ag-1 i've been getting in all of my prebiotics probiotics adaptogens antioxidants and it's made from whole food sourced ingredients which is super important to me and nice to know that they care so all you need is one scoop for every eight ounces of water and it comes with these handy little travel packs which are super quick and convenient to take with you anywhere which is amazing for this time of year when we're going on holidays and traveling it's nice not to have to break off from a routine because routines are so hard to start and so hard to maintain so being able to just carry on wherever you are in the world makes such a big difference i have a little sip oh and it tastes delicious i actually look forward to this every single morning i find it so refreshing and it's just like an anchor point for me to start my day off on the right foot so athletic greens are offering five free travel packs and a year's supply of vitamin d3 k2 with your first purchase so i'll leave a link in the description box down below for you guys to check it out but i've been getting so much great feedback from you all who are trying it and just noticing such a big difference in your lives which makes me so happy i love being able to share brands and to support brands who i know are doing good and can we all just take a sec to look at these nails of mine right now i have never known them be so healthy and so strong i always say the proof is in the pudding i think when my skin is glowing my nails feel strong and my hair is shiny i know i'm on to an absolute winner and it's just been so easy to incorporate into my routine and to maintain a healthy and balanced lifestyle as well hi again so we've had a bit of change of plan with the day my family are coming over this afternoon and i said shall we go out for a nice meal so we are going to do that and i am still going to film what i eat in a day it's going to be a bit different i guess because we're going to go out for lunch and i probably won't eat what i would normally eat and but i want to include it to show that you can have balance and live your life without restricting yourself so i will share what i eat when i'm out and i will also share tomorrow what i usually have for lunch so that you get a good idea for what you can make because i've said this before in my what eat in a day videos i love seeing what people eat when they go out to restaurants but when it's within what i eat in a day i don't find any inspiration from it because it doesn't help me to think about lunch ideas for example so i am gonna make breakfast now it's much later than i wanted it to be and it's about half past nine right now which i usually have breakfast so much earlier but today has just been a bit of a funny morning so i'm gonna have a vanilla pudding which is one of my favorite breakfasts at the minute i alternate between this and if you watch my videos a lot the chocolate yogurt with berries so this is just protein powder almond flour and egg all mixed up in here and i've got the recipe here so a serving of vanilla protein powder two heaped tablespoons of almond flour two tablespoons of almond milk until it's just the consistency you want and then it's a large egg white and also quarter teaspoon of bacon soda baking soda and you just mix it all up in here and it's super easy so i will make it now and show you guys once it's done and i'm just going to top it with all of the fruit this morning because i i'm just in the mood for strawberries excuse how messy this drawer is but i wanted to just add i buy all of my flowers and like weird foods from amazon in bulk and so i've got coconut flour i've got what are you flax seed that's almond flour but the bag wasn't great that it came in and then this one is sicilian husk and i've also got here some sweetener and some cacao powder and then this one here is chia seeds and it just means i don't have to worry um i've got another big bag of almond flour coming later on today because i made some bread yesterday which you'll see in tomorrow's lunch but that uses all these funky ingredients so yeah we just need this today in fact i'm gonna make it chocolate so why not i'll just usually sprinkle like i don't know maybe a tablespoon of cacao in um and the sweetener i use is sweet enough that i don't need any more sweetener i actually keep my protein powder and almond flour in these two jars and keep them on the kitchen counter because i literally use them every single day and it just means i don't have to get this big old bag cracked myself well out of this and i have to get this big bag out every day and it makes it so much easier this is what it will look like when it comes out of the microwave it sort of just looks like a mug cake which is amazing because i used to eat so many mug cakes and they were super unhealthy but this is just a really good and delicious um recipe and it doesn't spike your blood sugar like normal mug cakes with normal flour and sugar do so i'm gonna top it with some greek yogurt i've switched to this one because it's much cheaper than the coconut yogurt and i've been digesting it really well so i'm just going to see how that goes and then i've got my berries as usual blueberries raspberries and strawberries so i'll pop these on and show you it once it's all done so there we have it one minute which is actually two minutes because my microwave's crap vanilla which is actually chocolate mug cake i think it's actually called vanilla pudding but i've pretty much changed the entire recipe so yes i'm gonna enjoy this now and then i'll catch up with you guys in a little bit i forgot to mention too that i am drinking my water so i've drank half this bottle this morning from my workout um and i will probably fill this up halfway through the day i usually get through about two and a quarter of these every day which i think is really good and it makes me feel good i sometimes put a dash of apple cider vinegar and lemon juice in here if i'm not feeling like drinking that day and that helps which is why it's a little bit cloudy um this oh my god it's so delicious these berries are just insane i've never eaten so many berries as since i've switched up my diet a little bit and i just i think they're so delicious and i think that they really help my skin as well but this is just such a satisfying and delicious breakfast yum welcome to the next day in the end i had that food i had some chips extra and i was just stuffed for the rest of the day so i just thought what is the point in filming what i eat a day on a day where it's just gone a bit upside down so we are back it's the next day i'm just having a nice children at home with my crazy you can't see oh my god i'm not flexible crazy leggings on um in the kitchen on whatever day it was a few days ago i made a big loaf of this paleo keto bread which is what i've been eating instead of normal bread when i'm at home i still eat bread and i still eat gluten from time to time but i'm just trying to reduce it at the moment so i will get that out and i'll show you guys what i'm making for my lunch today which is pretty much a go-to it's either this a salad or the mug bread that i shared in a recent white in a day so i'll leave the link to that one down below if you want to go have a little nosy oh god does anybody else do this where you like fill your fridge but you've got no idea where anything is inside of it so this is my bread it's just in a little bag looks really really convincing like normal bread it's got a different texture slightly but it's full of fiber which is something that i want to talk about a little bit in this bit of this video because when i've tried to lose weight before or eat healthier before i really tend to reduce fiber intake which obviously has a big impact when you're trying to lose weight because you end up bloated you can't go to the toilet as much and things just don't move along you get quite sluggish so fiber is huge i would say fiber and protein are like the top two what you choose to fuel your body on whether that's going to be glucose or if it's going to be fat is completely up to you but i do think my advice after my as like a two-year-long affair here of trying to get to a healthy weight for my body and just yeah maintaining a healthy balanced lifestyle would be that would be focus on your protein focus on fiber because they're the things that are going to keep you full and keep you nice and regular as well bit tmi to be talking about while i'm trying to make my lunch but i am having i don't know i think i'm just gonna have one sandwich and see how i feel sometimes i have two and i'm not sure how hungry i am right now so i'm gonna do that and i'm gonna have it with some ham from tesco this ham is really really nice and bomb has this thing about he calls it slimy ham he won't eat slimy ham any ham that's like over processed so this one is like yeah it's nice ham basically i'm gonna have it with cheese so i'm gonna make a cheese and ham toasty if you haven't figured it out already which doesn't sound particularly healthy but it is so nice to be able to have healthier swaps of normal foods when you are yeah just trying to live a healthier lifestyle so i will make this and show you once it's all complete i decided in the end to go with four pieces because i chopped this so much thinner than last time and i don't want to be hungry because i find hunger is the thing that makes makes me spiral and makes me want food that i know doesn't do me well and i'm just using good old lure pack i fluctuate between lurpak and real butter but i do like lurpak it just reminds me of my childhood like my nana always had lip actually swore by it so i'm just gonna yeah i think i'm just gonna do those sides and we'll see after i'm just gonna pop my super easy and quick so they're sizzling away nicely now and once they've been on for a little bit i will flip them over i popped a tiny bit and i mean tiny because this is basically empty of this caramelized onion chutney on one side of the bread as well so i'm really looking forward to these gonna be super delicious so here we are this is my lunch i've tried to present it nicely but this is me and so this is probably as good as we're getting it's just gonna be so nice and it's nice to have a comfort food and know that it's gonna keep me satiated and not spike my blood sugar make me feel amazing and it's full of good things as well so yes i've got a bowl of berries for a dessert because it wouldn't be me without berries i always say i just love them so much but i do so i'm gonna tuck into this it feels like it's quite a lot but we'll see how we go um i think it just looks more food than it actually is because these are actually tiny and yes i will speak to you guys in a little bit so i am the most of the way through my lunch and i've just felt i just feel stuffed and one of the things i'm really trying to retrain myself to do is to just let myself leave food i feel like it's like childhood you know like when people are like you've got too tall of your food where you can't have any dessert and i feel like it's ingrained into most people like from a young age like you have to finish everything that's on your plate no matter what and i'm really trying to start learning to listen to my body and it's cues and know when i'm hungry know when i'm full and stop because the world won't end if i don't eat this sandwich and it won't go to waste because i can pop it in the fridge and i can eat it tomorrow so i just thought i would add that little nugget of wisdom there because i think it's so easy and especially when you are swapping for healthier more whole food alternatives to normal food it's easy to overdo it and to think you should eat the same amount that you usually would but this is actually much more dense than normal bread would be and it's much more filling because of that so i do still have my berries and what i will do with these is i'll just leave them next to me i'm going to be working on the sofa this afternoon editing and i can just snack on these as i go but i don't need to feel the need to eat it all in one go so that is a good feeling as someone who has suffered from binge eating a lot throughout my life i go through phases i just feel like that is something that i am really proud of myself for doing and trying to implement more into my life we have good days and we have bad i feel like when you emotionally eat it's easy to just overdo it so i'm just really trying on days when i've got the mental strength to just push through and let myself not eat all of the food i also forgot to include the little clip of what i had yesterday when we were out it was so delicious the menu was really really nice and i just didn't know what i fancied and as soon as i saw the cheese and broccoli bake i was like yes i've been obsessed with parmesan broccoli anything that's rich and creamy and delicious and so i thought i would go for it and it was really really yummy absolutely loved it and again i just want to advocate on this channel always for balance and for just eating things that make you feel good and make you feel nourished and make you feel good on the inside as well what made me feel even better was spending time with family and being able to eat foods that they were eating as well so that is really important to me because i've done in the past different routines and things like that and they can be really alienating when you can't eat the food that everyone else has eaten and it makes you feel separate from everything else and just like hyper focused on yourself which can be a good thing but it can also be really damaging as well so anyway i'll see you guys later on so i'm just about to start prepping tea i'm just going to marinate some chicken and this is what i'm having for a little afternoon pick me up the alpro protein i've got about what 200 mls in there it's a really nice option for a snack and something i've been enjoying recently kills that chocolate craving so i started to make tea and i was gonna make marinade chicken in the airfryer but i needed to make a little boat for it to live in because there was a lot of sauce that went with it so i just got my parchment paper and did the best i could to make some kind of a container for all of the liquid that went with the chicken and then just popped the chicken in and put it into the airfryer you can do it without the boat but i just like to have as much sauce as i can so i just popped it in for about 20 minutes on 200 it i should have smushed it and like made the chicken a bit thinner so i had to get it out and put it in a bit longer but usually i don't and then i just went on to making my cauliflower mash so i just used frozen cauliflower put loads of boiling hot water in and just let that boil until it's all nice and soft and then our side veggies were just cooking up really nicely as well so for the cauliflower mash these are the ingredients that i use it was the first time i'd used onion and garlic granules it was very nice and look how good the chicken looks oh my gosh so this is me just popping all of the ingredients from before into the pan and then i just blend it with a hand blender and it works so easy so well and it's really delicious and i actually do prefer it to potato and that's it all fluffy and delicious and you guys have been asking for ages for the recipe so i hope you try it but it was an absolute delicious meal and then i went on to making a cup of tea so i have a mixture of different teas and these are the ones i chose tonight i think this brings an end to what i eat in a day i'm in bed and usually that is like me finishing off eating for the day so i've got my cup of tea i like to call it my potion i usually have a concoction of different tea bags for different things depending on what mood i'm in and i've shared about that before but today i've just got a few sleepy kind of teas and herbs just to yeah wind me down nicely and then i've also got something that does the opposite i've got dark chocolate so i'm hoping to balance each other she's gonna pop that down because it's rather hot still and i usually enjoy a few squares of dark chocolate depending on the day depending on how chocolatey i've been feeling that day most days i eat chocolate i'm not gonna lie i think i've had it like every meal yeah pretty much every meal today but what can i say i'm a chocoholic so i've got the lint excellence orange intense dark chocolate with almonds i really like this one i'll usually have two squares and if i don't have this i will have one of my loafs that i make so i'll share a video down below where i shared one of those and i'll make a big loaf like one of the loaf pans for the week and just chop it into 10 pieces put some in the freezer and i'll have a slice of that every day as a snack and i usually enjoy that snack with a nice hot cuppa and some virgin river or something cozy on tv to finish off my day but i really do hope you've enjoyed this i hope it gave you some inspiration and some new ideas and don't forget as well that athletic greens are giving you five free travel packs and a year's supply of vitamin d3k2 with your first purchase so i will leave the link down below for you guys to check them out but yes that is it for me today i hope you enjoyed it if you want to see more what i eat in a day videos i'll leave them linked down below as well but thank you all so much i hope you all have a wonderful rest of your day and i'll see you all again in my next video bye guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @cheriwhite902 [4 likes]: Agree with the “clean your plate” messages from childhood. I use portion control to help with it. Take less food, then I don’t feel stuffed if I finish what is on my plate. I also try to be more mindful when eating. Slow down, chew my food, pause between bite, put the fork down….it has helped.
  2. @vivi-dn2sz [4 likes]: Love your positive Energy, exactly what I needed on this chill Sunday 🤍
  3. @dazeoff9400 [1 likes]: Love you videos so much!!
  4. @charlottewilliams3636 [1 likes]: I can relate a lot to this video! Thank you for sharing these wonderful calm and relaxed videos 💚💚💚
  5. @sarahkennedy1481: Your food budget must have gone up as quality and expensive foods?
  6. @sarahkennedy1481: Why gluten-free and non-dairy?
  7. @sarahkennedy1481: Hey I am 9/10 hypermobile. I get so tired with it and ache. Do you?
  8. @marysca917: I love how you are being towards food. I remember watching some old videos where everything sweet was labeled with "naughty". I love intuitive eating and I strongly believe that there is no naughtiness in eating, feeding ourselves and our souls when we need it. Also love all of your videos and your home and your cats and your energy ❤️❤️❤️
  9. @normidwest1316: very interested thank you
  10. @hayleyrichardson3343: I’m on a diet as well xx
  11. @bridgetteurbano: I am a new viewer and really am enjoying your videos I have watched. Your lunch looks delish!
  12. @lil.j.d.10: Didn’t know you were Hypermobile! Or I forgot. 😂
Me too! Hypermobility Elhers Danlos Sydrome.
  13. @itsacarolbthing5221: I'll have to try the cauli mash, because I don't like potato mash. I do love carrot and turnip or swede mash, it's just the texture of potato mash.
  14. @brendabrooks9699: I lost 84 pounds in 2020-2021 gained back 30 but I find myself eating way pass being full cause of its good I want to eat it and I binge eat a lot. Trying to get back down to my goal. You look fantastic and I love your hair darker.
  15. @jenh9499: I’d love to get the athletic greens but maan £97 a month..is it worth it?!
  16. @Sophie-pi4ov: I will make this Vanille pudding for breakfast soon. It sounds so delicious. 😋
  17. @jaswinn8181: Hello 👋😃, 
you can buy a silicon form for the airfryer, that's very helpful 😄
  18. @pawsitivevibesonly: Thank you for sharing your video. Your skin looks so glowing and clear.
  19. @Eliz2026luvSingapore: Love your inspiring video Kay! I too have Lindt chocolate squares and I have been dipping them in peanut butter ! Yummmm Going to try your breakfast puddings. And bread recipe 🥰
  20. @cathylynnpietranton: Lovely video Kay ❤

- 4 WAYS TO MAKE LOW CARB PIZZA | WE LOSS 80 POUNDS EATING THESE: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign what's up guys y'all probably wondering where i came from huh uh i'm popping out of everywhere this year y'all but what's going on everybody this is your girl monique super excited that you're here y'all noticed my partner in crime is not here my husband had to go run some errands but he was like go ahead cook for our people they need to notice healthy food i was like you know what baby you're right you're right i'm gonna go head on and i'm still a tea you guys asked for this video i'm gonna give y'all four of the best homemade healthy low carb low calorie delicious nutritious did i say delicious that's how good it makes you feel it got you doing all this but wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute before we go any further if you are new here i gotta take a little moment out to say hey how you doing thanks so much for stopping by but don't just be a stranger hit that subscribe button also give this video a thumbs up and make sure you turn on those post notifications because if you don't when we post they won't even let you know shame on you youtube all right let me bring y'all over here on a little field trip y'all ready bam first thing you want to do is set your stove to 350 degrees just like that all right let me set y'all down like that you're comfortable take a seat we're gonna be here for just a little bit not too long so now why y'all didn't tell me that it looked like my eyelash on crooked about to fall off or something now y'all know i was trying to record y'all could've told me something but never mind that let's focus on this food these are the wraps that i use the car balance reps okay i use these to as my pizza crush now some people go ahead on and make it out of some cheese it already got cheese on it i don't like to eat all that cheese cheese cheese so these i have three different size these are the small these are the medium these are the large okay depending on how hungry i am will determine which one that i'm going to use so i use this little gray value pizza sauce because it is only it's four total carbs and the fiber is one so that's three net carbs and it's 25 calories per serving we have some turkey pepperoni we have some turkey sausage crumbles so over here i have these two pans that i use to make my pizzas on nice little size pans and i use some parchment paper now you can use foil if you want you know you got to use what you got all right now you guys also asked about a lot of the other recipes i've done now i'm thinking about doing like a cooking with the hintons maybe once a week what you think about that drop it down in the comments let me know if you will be interested in come and cook with me every week i'm going to start with our pepperoni pizza this is our wrap right there i'm going to grab some of the pizza and i just pour a little bit on it like that all right we're gonna spread that bad boy around just like that now it's very important that you get all the way to the edge because i don't like no pieces missing on like no sauce not touching everything on my pizza all right guys so this is where things get pretty interesting for me you have to add your seasonings to it okay this was going to set you apart from every other pizza not a marinara sauce the pizza sauce whatever you prefer to call it that does have some seasoning in it but no no no you gotta add your own let's see all right so what we're going to do first we're going to add some onion powder all right we got our onion powder make sure it's all around spread out evenly we are definitely equal opportunity over here the next thing we're going to add is some granulated garlic then we're going to use some time now some of y'all might have thought they said time no that says time okay i'm on my hand the next thing i'm going to add is some of this beautiful basil then we're going to add oregano a little bit on there like that this looking like a pizza to me y'all and then the last thing we're going to add is some fresh red peppers if you don't like spice that much don't be you know putting too much of it on it just get enough now this is another important step you got to make sure you put your cheese on there before you put your meat now for our cheese i have some of this nice old velveeta mozzarella shred i like these shreds because they're only 60 calories they had other ones that was like 80 90 100 110 all that stuff so we're trying to do less calories all right so you take your cheese you spread it around bring it around sound bring it around town now i'm not gonna judge you if you don't like cheese on your pizza that's your business okay but me we're gonna eat cheese over here all right turkey pepperoni okay you only need a few and 19 of these things are like what 70 calories i think yep you see that 19 slices no 17 my bad 17 slices so you're gonna just put that around there just like such like so like such like so you always gotta put one in the middle all right we gotta tie that thing together it's all about unity equality all that okay any other tea not so far that's what we have so i'm gonna add one more thing to this pizza over here and do you know what it is do you know if you know drop it down below i don't think you know let's see so we are adding some jalapenos do you see it do you see it all right we're gonna add a few jalapenos i'm from new orleans we like it spicy out here all right now if you don't don't do it you can stop right there really like honestly pizza is i feel like a creative expression of yourself however you want to just express yourself on this pizza you can this is what this one is going to be looking like before it goes in the oven okay very nice very beautiful very delicious and i usually put it in there maybe about 10 minutes 50 it just depends on how long it takes the cheese to melt that's it so maybe 10 minutes but while that one is in the oven baking guess what we're going to do that's what we're going to do we're going to go ahead and work on number two and this is going to be a sausage pizza sausage so we already have our beautiful parchment paper set up oh i should have been a hand model y'all oh yes y'all see that yeah all right guys so we're gonna go ahead and grab that low carb wrap again he's saying i'm only in pizza and eating pizza salt all right and then we're going to go ahead on and we're going to do the same seasonings that we did for the other one i'm telling y'all y'all not having no pieces like this nowhere else like i literally do not even crave pizza hut dominoes papa john's anybody else out there that i may not even know the name of because this is so good i'm telling you i promise you no money think a lot to you you gotta try don't that look beautiful y'all of course we're going to go again with our velveeta mozzarella we're going to take a little handful we're going to spread it around put a little bit more because the ends be looking like you know y'all know ladies out there y'all know them edges they are very important in a lady's life so uh uh edge of our pizza is very important in his pieces life all right make sure y'all treat them edges right all right now that we got that done what's the girl to do i can get creative with this or i can keep it basic i think for this one we're going to do some turkey sausage and turkey bacon what you think i think that's a good plan all right first and foremost we're gonna start a little fire hey i use a little bit of this organic extra virgin olive oil it is zero calories zero pork okay drop it on in there all right guys so we're back over here to the pizza and we're going to add our turkey sausage crumble do you see that crumble turkey crumble you're gonna take us a handful of that just like that okay and we're gonna just drop it on there and now our bacon is complete so you just take it and you break it and crumble it up on that thing all right see i'm just crunching it on up just like that do y'all see that goodness and mercy i said do you see the goodness and the mercy of that pizza i'm ready to eat we have to get through three more pieces i don't think i'm gonna make it y'all i might have to take a little break to eat all right now i'ma wait for y'all i'ma wait for y'all let's get it all done so while that other one is cooling off and the other is in the oven we're gonna go ahead and prepare for our next two so i have some chicken breast filets we're going to go ahead on and cut this up into some thin nice little pieces i hope you all enjoying yourself if you are make sure you go ahead and like this video so i can know and drop it down in the comments too because i don't know who liking our grease is hot enough we're going to add that to it just like this and we're gonna go ahead and cook this thing on up y'all so while that chicken is cooking and becoming beautiful we're gonna go ahead on and prep our next two pizzas so again you know pad out we need that low carb wrap we're going to start with our buffalo pizza so i have this red hot wing sauce we're going to pour some on there just like that now this red hot sauce is zero calories zero carb so then here we're going to take and we're going to spread this around just like that okay you know what we do again i actually this is my favorite pizza my absolute favorite pizza i'm so mad y'all because i'm missing i'm missing one of the most important ingredients for the buffalo chicken pizza and that's the rich seasoning what was i thinking like what was i thinking the ranch season is what sets this thing off i'm telling you it brings a whole nother level of you hear me it brings that to the pizza i'm so sad y'all but we don't have it so guess what the show must go on so i'm gonna put a little bit of this mozzarella okay not too much just that much because the rest of it is gonna be filled with this cheddar baby so then we fill in those gaps get those edges ladies get those edges uh sometimes i add onions to this sometimes i add bell pepper it just depends on how i feel but we have this one ready okay we're gonna put that to the side and then we're going to get the next piece of parchment paper we're gonna go ahead on and slap that one on there this one's gonna be a barbecue chicken pizza i'm using a raised no sugar added barbecue sauce that is only three net carbs okay we just put enough to spread around just all right we're going to use us a different spatula because we don't want to mix all our stuff we want to make sure we spread that bad boy again just like that all right cool lord i'm in here sweating y'all it is hotter than satan left butt cheek i don't know what's going on i'm about to check my air i know that i better be working so for this one depending on how you're feeling you could go with mozzarella you could go with cheddar this one i'm just going to go on ahead and do some cheddar cheddar makes everything better now let me tell you one thing if your chicken don't have some color to it like this don't bring that stuff to me all you see you got to get it brown that's the color we going for now you don't have to have it too brown because it's going in the oven too but if you ain't got no color like this you see this right there you see that right there if you don't have no color like that don't you pull it off that soap add some color to your chicken it'll change your life so that's done i took it off the fire put it to the back still let it sizzle and brown a little bit but guess what it's also done the pizza in the oven let's see oh it's hot this right here my friends is our sausage bacon pizza do you see it do you see it it looks delicious right so the chicken is done all we do is just put it on top of this pizza just like that now like i said i usually have the ranch on the chicken and that enhances the flavor and you want to make sure you have chicken on every bite you don't want to be just like biting cheese and crust make sure you're not stitching with your chicken okay you want that thing to be evenly distributed just like that okay now i do some a little extra with the i add barbecue sauce to the chicken when i'm doing my barbecue chicken so you just take that and kind of mix it in that makes it so much better y'all i'm sorry for that scraping sound that's going on all right so yeah you want to coat that chicken with your barbecue sauce just like that all right just like a lot and then we're going to go ahead and add this to before dang i slung that piece we're gonna add this to that barbecue chicken piece i mean that yeah we're gonna add this to the pizza so you want to make sure you pass that chicken around like the collection plate you want to make sure everybody get it pass it around like a collection please hey pass it around like the collection please place hey cause everybody get it every everybody get it and it's gonna end up looking like this so let's put both of them in the oven so while we waiting on these last two pieces today let me ask you something because i don't know if anybody else asked you this today how you feeling no how you really feeling don't just tell me i'm trying you know how you do when you're passing by and you see people in there say oh hey how you doing because they really don't want no but monique want to know calvin want to know how are y'all doing today are you okay drop it down in the comments below and if you're not having a good day we're gonna pray that it gets better for you all right oh yeah that barbecue chicken pizza is done do you see it oh my goodness somebody come look at this somebody come look at this and over here that's what the buffalo chicken pizza is looking like right now but it's not done it's not done so we're going to take that sauce like that and we're going to just drip it just like that all right oh do y'all see man now that's what i call a buffalo chicken pizza all right all right y'all all right y'all ready to see all the pieces i know i don't calm down come to me by the kitty with my beginning let's see down like we on the assembly line we got it ain't over it ain't over y'all excited about this i gotta cut it up like pizza now hold up all right so which one would you start with i don't know where to start y'all drop it down in the comments below let me know which one would you start with let's see this bad boy right here whoo don't it look nice and cute y'all see it is a cute little bite-sized piece okay thin crust pizza let's see oh somebody come catch me y'all don't believe me try um you got y'all hear me oh i got the right amount of kick to it we some spicy people yo let me take one more nah we're gonna try the next one let's see we're gonna go ahead grab us a slice of this one right here all right so let's see let's see let's see um perfect see they taste so good i'm sorry i'm doing with my mouth open my mama be shame i'm sorry mom but it's good so next i'm gonna grab me a piece of this one so let's see hmm love it um i made this whole one now this one is another one of my favorites look at it can you see it get into that pizza okay here we go bon appetit um i don't know which one better the buffalo or the barbecue so you know what you gotta do then okay you gotta eat boat and yes again i'm chewing them on my mouth all right guys that's it oh that's it i'm super excited i hope that you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure again you like this video also make sure you subscribe to the channel and join the family because here we go everywhere in life together and all we do is win so until next time guys we are out peace you

  Top Comments:
  1. @CocoJones5 [1 likes]: Where's the cooking series so I can subscribe to the channel...✨
  2. @nataliemcginty2855 [1 likes]: I will be making all of them.  Thanks for sharing
  3. @Justboredlol42: i would love to see what the hintons eat in a week video
  4. @shantelwillis5774: Yes you need to cooking with hinton
  5. @miamichix: Yeah cooking with the Hinton's
  6. @PurpleGlamour: Yessss we having this 2nite....quick easy and healthy!
  7. @Ggsinsp2300: Hey love I made all your pizza's and they are delicious. Thank you Diva
  8. @Ggsinsp2300: Yes less cook every week
  9. @Audrey_Mason: Pass it around like the collection plate 😆 after I leave the gym going to the grocery store to buy these ingredients. Thank You ❤️ for this video. God Bless
  10. @Ggsinsp2300: Where is the spinach, mozzorello cheese, mushroom pizza
  11. @Ggsinsp2300: Yes do it once a week
  12. @Ggsinsp2300: Love love you guys to the moon
  13. @shonmajette3452: But you cute though, boo! Bump that disrespectful eyelash! LMAOOOOOO Love the cooking videos!!
  14. @t-shindalankston3621: Yes, more cooking content!
  15. @MsTiffDanceCutthepain: Thats a Yes for me to cooking with the Hintons 1x a week. My son was watching this video with me and  LOVE it, he remembered you from the video " Is that the lady who color her hair like Harley Quinn?"  LOL I love Rays Bbq
  16. @cynthiajudkins2250: They looked delicious, I think my favorite would be the pepperoni/jalapeño one 😋 tfs have a blessed day
  17. @GwenOpooh1: Hey, I'm new to your channel.  I'd love to cook with you and hubby weekly. God bless🙏🏽🥰
  18. @Moyegirl: Yesssssss Monique, Thank you Those Pizza Recipes are off the chain 🍕🍕🍕🍕
  19. @robynbrown1966: Very interested!!!
  20. @metri531: Yass girl yass work that kitchen

- Best Time of Day To Eat, Sleep And Exercise According To Ayurveda | Plan Your Dailly Routine: Kind: captions Language: en namaskar the ayurvedic concept of this area that is daily routine tells us how we should be doing what different type of activities in the day like eating sleeping exercising Etc following this discipline helps us to bring balance into our watch with the end Cup dosas this routine helps us to stay connected with our sarcardium cycle of day and night Rhythm now let's understand this concept of dincharya or daily routine the first phase of the day that is 6 a.m to 10 AM is cup phase of the morning try to Rise Up from your bed Before Sunrise first detox your digestive system by drinking warm water the moment you wake up this will make it easier to completely empty your colon or bladder next clean your mouth and wash your eyes then practice Surya namaskar or varieties of acids walking Etc this is the best time of your day to energize your system with the help of exercise it removes sluggishness activates digestive fire burns fat and promotes the feeling of Peace after exercise take bath and wear light comfortable clothes will feel clean and pure in this day pray and meditate this essential part of your routine will bring calmness and contentment which will last for the whole day next I have a nutritious breakfast now this may depend on your age and the type of body you have eat something warm and wholesome so that you stay full till lunch time the second phase of the day is with the face from 10 AM to 2 p.m this time is the most productive time of your day to do varieties of work at this time work with full confidence and full capacity this is a time when your metabolism is higher so eat your meal between 12 to 1 if possible include all kinds of waste from sweet to Bitter take a light walk slowly after lunch to help your digestive system the next phase is from 2 pm to 6 PM the worth of phase of the day you may do conscious relaxation after lunch to feel really fresh energized you may study if required but do sex fast we do not need too much concentration walk outdoors in natural surroundings do some deep breathing or stretches and socialize drink tulsidi or any other herbal tea which you like after sunsets go for a quick wash lighter sit for prayer or meditate this practice will bring Harmony to your body and Minds 6 to 10 pm of the day is cup face of the night having light and easy to digest dinner so that when you go to sleep your food is already digested take little stroll or walk again and spend some quality time with your family you may also read and maybe listen to some soothing music as you wind up your age massage your head or soul of your feet with oil to calm the body dim the light where comfortable clothes and go to bed between 10 pm and 2 am is with the phase of night during this time your body needs to relax completely so that it can heal repair and rejuvenate itself so try to go to bed by 10 pm and make good sleep a priority now at rise between 2 am and 6 AM is the what phase at this time the body feels very light because the digestion is complete and the cellular repair work is done stay asleep during the early hours to feel more rested if you wake up during this time you may find it hard to go to sleep again during such time it is best to meditate chant mantras or do some pranaya when it is 6 AM it is again the cup phase of the body at the day night cycle continues like that so you see at any time of the day and night we are either in what fit or stuff those with us in our ancient scripture there is a Sanskrit verse that says we have to Pinterest from Monday our body is the miniature form of the universe now in this life it is best to change our lifestyle to synchronize with the cycle of nature by following bincharya in the beginning your body will not agree to this routine and will resist these changes but if you continue for about three weeks you will see a positive difference in your health you will also feel more energetic and joyful namaste

  Top Comments:
  1. @theyogainstituteofficial [168 likes]: How can you optimize your day for maintaining good health and productivity? Explore the concept of Dincharya in this video. Share it with others and post your comments below. Our goal is to make good health a priority, promote well-being and make this world a healthier place to live in.
  2. @monishadas3708 [18 likes]: It's not possible for any competitive exam aspirants to follow such routine 😑
  3. @nusrat6086 [2 likes]: It's similar to Islamic culture ⭐💕
  4. @dugglett202 [2 likes]: 6AM -10PM - KAPHA PHASE 
Wake up before sunrise
Drink warm water after waking up
Low intensity physical activity (walking , surya namaskar , yoga)(best time-activates body etc)
Shower
Nutritious breakfast (warm and wholesome to stay full)

10am to 2pm 
Best time to work 
Metabolism is high 
Lunch -12 to 1pm
Include all types of tastes 
Take a walk 

2pm to 6pm
Concious relaxation after lunch
Do tasks that require low concentration
After sunset , go for walk , light a diya, pray or meditate

6 to 10pm
Light and easy to digest dinner
Walk 
Spend time with family, read or listen to music
Massage feet with oil

10pm to 2am 
Body relaxes completely to heal 

2am to 6am
Body is very light
  5. @msreen-j3w [2 likes]: Thank you so much mam 🙏 ❤️ 😊 ☺️ 💕
  6. @staceyguy3961 [2 likes]: New sub ❤ thank you my kind of relaxation xxx
  7. @sampadsaha13 [1 likes]: ❤
  8. @neckashi6971 [1 likes]: 1:47 Breakfast in question on a vedic video guide 🥩😂
  9. @GunjaAria-w2p: Agar ayurveda ke bare me bata rhe ho to km se km hindi me baat to kr lo 😮😮
  10. @KangoJunior: I stopped labeling foods as good or bad. Healix AI helped me see them in terms of how they affect me 🧬🍲
  11. @anandadevaraj1395: 🙏🙏
  12. @shaheenkhan5007: Yes
  13. @tisha3836: Me watching at 4:32
  14. @neckashi6971: Me with a night shift job 😅
  15. @anupamkumarsharma_Xa1: Very Nice! Thanks for Sharing so valuable Information...❤
  16. @vickyinsanity: That’s for retired people
  17. @aniketinfreetime5792: Mam please clear my doubt, 
Can we do surya namaskar without taking bath
  18. @khaleel987-w8o: For girls of any age can continue these  routine in period times
  19. @Pritshah-b9c: Madam,  what  fruit  eat in the afternoon. ?
  20. @NK-cq1ch: Dinner time?

- Self Care Routines of Ultra Rich Women: Kind: captions Language: en 300 million daily self-care routines of ultra rich women. Forget luxury. This is beyond private jets and rare skincare. For the world's richest women, self-care is no longer a lifestyle. It's a daily operation costing more than a Beverly Hills mansion. From 100 million wellness estates to beauty clinics on board mega yachts, this is where personal care meets a fortune. These routines aren't about relaxation. They're about legacy, image, and bio optimization at a level the average millionaire can't even access. In this video, we uncover the $300 million self-care systems of women so rich, they treat their body like a billiondoll brand. $10 million wellness estate in the Alps. Every morning begins on a 40 acre private wellness estate in the Swiss Alps. Built specifically for mental clarity, physical optimization, and anti-aging. The estate includes cryochambers, oxygen pods, stem cell labs, chakra gardens, and a neurospa dome built with sound vibration architecture. It cost over $10 million to construct and is staffed with a 247 team of experts in neuroscience, dermatology, fitness, and nutrition. These women wake up to biometric scans, brainwave calibration, and a personalized smoothie grown from crops harvested that morning on their own land. Nine $20 million floating wellness yacht. Some ultra rich women begin their week at sea on personal wellness yachts costing over $20 million. These mega yachts aren't for parties. They're mobile clinics. They feature anti-gravity yoga domes, sea salt flotation tanks, hyperbaric oxygen rooms, and an onboard beauty surgery suite. Each yacht sails with a crew of 40, including worldclass chefs, detox specialists, skin therapists, and biometric sleep analysts. Daily care on the water. $250,000 per day. Eight. $25 million bespoke anti-aging program. These women don't just age slowly, they age in reverse. A select few pay upwards of $25 million for bespoke anti-aging protocols developed by biotech firms. The package includes age measuring diagnostics, full DNA and epigenetic analysis, and a suite of gene therapies, stem cell infusions, and telmir lengthening treatments conducted in elite labs in Monaco, Singapore, and California. These therapies are monitored daily and customized weekly. Even their circadian rhythms are adjusted with satellite controlled lighting at home. Seven $30 million personal spa mansion. Inside their primary residence is an entire spa mansion, a separate structure built solely for self-care. It includes a gemstone embedded pool with mood lifting lights, an inhome botox bar, Ayurvedic detox rooms, gold flake facial stations, a Himalayan salt waterfall room, and a staff of 12 therapists on rotation. This $30 million wellness villa is used exclusively by the owner and perhaps one or two guests a year. Six $35 million annual self-care team. Every day, these billionaires are attended by a personal team that includes a dermatologist, plastic surgeon, chef, Pilates coach, osteopath, sleep scientist, perfumer, and herbal pharmarmacologist. Many of these experts are on yearly retainers of $2 million each. Their job, track and optimize every detail of the billionaire's body, from hormone levels to facial symmetry. They travel with her globally, ensuring her skin never ages, her muscles never sag, and her stress never spikes. Five $40 million AIdriven health lab installed within their private estates are fully functioning AI integrated labs that test blood daily, adjust supplements hourly, and provide realtime health metrics on a custom dashboard. The lab uses nanotechnology to sample biomarkers and AI to adjust dietary inputs and skinare regimens on the spot. Building and maintaining one of these private labs costs around $40 million. It functions like a realtime control center for the billionaire's body. Number four, $50 million self-care island. Yes, a private island, but not for vacation, for daily wellness. Some women have purchased entire islands worth $50 million or more transformed into personal health sanctuaries. These islands include jungle saunas, underwater meditation chambers, healing waterfalls, drone delivered supplements, and zero EMF living pods. The staff live on the island full-time and include a biohacker, marine biologist, and ancient medicine historian. A daily helicopter transports the billionaire back to the mainland if needed. Three $60 million daily glam squad operation to maintain an always camera ready appearance. Some women operate daily glam teams across multiple time zones. They include hair experts flown in from Tokyo, nail artists based in Paris, and stylists from Milan. These teams work in shifts to ensure the woman is always styled perfectly, even during late night jet travel. Custombuilt makeup and skincare travel vaults. Temperature controlled gold line trunks accompany her everywhere. The cost of running this 24/7 glam operation, $60 million annually. Number two, $75 million quantum healing retreats. These aren't your typical spas. These are $75 million healing centers where self-care merges with science fiction. The world's richest women fly quarterly to quantum healing centers that offer brainwave reprogramming, magnetic frequency detox, epigenetic memory rewiring, and even supervised near-death simulation experiences to reduce fear and stress responses. The buildings are constructed with sacred geometry and powered by renewable bioeny systems. Access is by invitation only. Number one, $100 million wellness jet, the Flying Spa. Why wait until you land? The most extravagant self-care experience in existence is a $100 million flying spa jet built from scratch to serve as a wellness sanctuary. It includes oxygen enriched cabins, a built-in IV drip system, anti-inflammatory LED light ceilings, cryotherapy pods, massage chairs with biometric sensors, and a virtual reality meditation dome. Every time she flies, the aircraft becomes a rejuvenation pod. Onboard chefs serve DNA specific meals, and the entire environment is synced to her biometric feedback. It is self-care. 40,000 ft in the air. From islands turned into healing zones to wellness jets that double as flying spas, these women aren't just rich. They're redefining the limits of what self-care can be. In their world, beauty isn't about routines. It's about systems, technology, and teams costing hundreds of millions, all dedicated to one goal, perfection. If you enjoyed this glimpse into the most mindblowing daily routines of billionaire women, subscribe now for more luxury content that will leave you stunned. Let us know which habit shocked you the most.

- TOP 1% WOMAN ROUTINE: How I Stay Productive, Healthy & Balanced: Kind: captions Language: en you have all the potential to create the life you want but without the right habits it's virtually impossible between work trying to stay healthy keeping up with friends and actually making time for yourself it's easy to feel like you're getting through the day instead of thriving but becoming that woman the best version of yourself the one who feels put together energized and in control doesn't happen by accident it's about small daily habits that make a huge difference and to today I'm sharing mine with the science tobac hello if you are new here then my name is Fay I'm a medical doctor living and working in London and if there's anyone who struggled to get it together it's me no one warns you that adulthood is basically 80% work and if you're not careful life just starts happening to you you blink and suddenly your day off those precious moments that are actually yours are gone before you've even had a chance to breathe for so long I felt like becoming the best version of myself was too confusing and just wasn't on the cards for me until I figured this out my day off routine that keeps me productive balanced and actually feeling like her so if that sounds like a bit of you then hit subscribe so you never miss a video and let's get into it part [Music] one what if I told you you didn't have to spend your precious free time scrambling catch up on everything emails appointments and endless to-do lists only to end the day feeling like you hadn't accomplished anything to go towards your long-term vision of what you want your life to look like that lingering overwhelm is a common trap and without structure time really does fly by this was me until I ensured the first part of my routine after fueling my body with good nutritious food is to prioritize and plan and do not be mistaken this is not just your run-of-the mail daily to-do list this is a simple yet transformative habit that clears the mental clutter and gives me control over my day first I begin with the brain dump I journal every thought task and worry that's cluttering my mind research in cognitive psychology shows that this kind of externalization reduces mental load and decision fatigue allowing your brain to relax and focus better later on it's like clearing up the Clutter on your laptop to free up storage once I've emptied my mind onto paper I organize everything using the Eisenhower Matrix a method that divides tasks into four quadrants what's urgent and important important but not urgent urgent but not important and not important and not urgent I determine what is important based on my goals at the time so in medical school this was doing well enough in my exams so that I could get a job as a doctor in London foras now I have reached that goal obviously what's most important to me has shifted this structured approach doesn't just create order out of chaos Studies have shown that using planning tools like this can reduce decision fatigue by up to 30% which means you save mental energy for what truly matters and the payoff is fabulous with a clear plan in place my day feels intentional and we're ready for part two of my routine when I started working as a doctor I used to think I did not have time to exercise and it took me way too long to realize I do not have time to not exercise research shows that exercise significantly boosts cognitive function AKA your brain power by increasing the release of brain derived neurotrophic factor bdnf and if bdnf is new to you then it is a protein that supports the growth and survival of neurons AKA brain cells which means better memory sharper focus and improved mood other Studies have confirmed that increased bdnf is associated with improved executive functioning planning and decision making which are critical when you're balancing a busy schedule in other words a simple run in the morning doesn't just wake you up it primes your brain for Success throughout the day and ultimately your life so far my routine hasn't really screamed day off which is why part three is so important when Monday through to Friday hits me hard I barely have the energy to think about my appearance I dedicate a portion of my day off to a streamlined pamper and prep routine I start by dry brushing my skin from the toes upwards for increased blood flow and to promote lymphatic drainage then I wash my hair starting off with a anti- dandruff shampoo because research suggests it can promote hair growth even if you don't have dandr I've been on a very long journey with my hair health so if you would like me to break down all the evidence-based steps I've taken to grow it then please let me know in the comments I then wrap my hair in a t-shirt rather than a towel to reduce breakage and I use my salicylic acid toner this version is super drug and is a dupe for the much more expensive Paul's Choice version I use this Max three times a week to reduce the appearance of blackheads then it's time to moisturize with this hyaluronic acid moisturizer again from Super drug this range has so many affordable evidence-based products that I would highly recommend I have a detailed video on my science backed doctor approved feminine hygiene routine linked here but if you want me to do a video specifically on any research backed glow up tips and tricks then also please let me know in the comments on my days off I also like to do a proper blow dry using my Dyson air wrap that I can usually make last a few days and you'll never believe what happened when I intentionally decided to switch from watching Love Island while I did this to taking it as an opportunity to learn which NE brings us on to part four Studies have shown that engaging in continuous learning can boost cognitive flexibility and promote neuroplasticity essentially rewiring your brain to become more resilient and Innovative but it also helps me break the cycle of passive consumption and build a healthier more proactive mindset right now I'm taking the skillshare class creative confidence overcoming the critical voice and it's not only being transformative but the perfect accompaniment to my day off pamp in skillshare is my secret weapon when it comes to leveling up in any area if you've never heard of skillshare then skillshare is the largest online learning community for creatives with thousands of creative classes in countless categories ranging from beginner to Advanced but the best bit they're from experts in their fields in this class you learn tools to silence your inner critic so you have more power over your mind and thoughts giving you the freedom to be more creative challenge ideas and do what you really want to do it's like giving your mind a power up and it really does make a difference in how you approach challenges throughout the day and ultimately through your life and if you would like to access thousands of these classes completely for free then because skillshare are kindly sponsoring this video the first 500 people to use the link in my description will get a one month free trial of skillshare trust me this is one of the switches in my life that has made the biggest difference so by clicking the link your future self will find thank you now part five here's why chooseing matcha over coffee especially on your day off maybe the smartest move you make now don't get me wrong I adore a good cup of coffee but on my day off I always reach for a matcher instead here's why matcha isn't just about a caffeine boost it comes loaded with alanine an amino acid that works hand inhand with caffeine to promote a state of calm focused alertness Studies have shown that alanine can reduce the Jitters and sudden energy crashes associated with coffee helping you maintain a steady concentration without sacrificing that relaxed day off Vibe my favorite match up at the moment is this brand um that I will link Down Below in this cinnamon flavor Dylan bought me a couple of different flavors to try out the vanilla is also really really really good and I would highly recommend after my mindful matcher moment I headed off for a ridiculously exciting meeting which honestly gives me so much anxiety every single year so on the way I took the opportunity to do probably the most important part of my day off routine part six my midday reset this is how I finally cracked the code for defeating a midday energy dip the moment I feel my attention waning or if I start to feel anxious or stressed about a particular moment I don't just push through ey pause research shows that even brief sessions of mindfulness can significantly improve attention reduce mind wandering and lower stress levels in fact even short bouts of meditation are effective at reducing cortisol the stress hormone that can impair cognitive function and can enhance activation in the prefrontal cortex which is essential for maintaining focus and executive control just 5 minutes of meditation means my heart rate was lowered and I could focus infinitely better in my lunchtime meeting and really takeing all the exciting opportunities that were being discussed so I just had my annual Vision planning session last year when we had this exact same session was when um it was suggested to me that maybe I should change my name on social media to Dr F instead of just F and I basically had this visceral reaction of repulsion at the thought of adding Dr RS my name quite honestly it made me feel violently ill the first things that came into my head were everyone at work is going to think who the hell does she think she is she's only an F1 she's just a silly little girl posting silly little videos on the internet who of course she needs the entire world to know that she's a doctor and it actually took quite a few months of reflection to think about really why I had that visceral repulsion around using a title I spent 5 years to earn and have been a working doctor for the past two years and till that point I kind of thought I had mastered imposter syndrome I felt as though I'd recognized the importance of impostor syndrome existing as a tool of self-reflection um but not letting it limit me and then when I really thought about why I really did not want to put doctor in my name the C of it was imposter syndrome I felt like I don't deserve it so anyway today in this meeting I had some of the same visceral repulsion and these reactions were to the most crazy opportunities I've heard in my entire life there was so many points in this meeting today where I honestly just felt like I wanted to burst into tears I was like how the hell how is this my life I might have to bleep these out but wanting me to host but I'm so grateful that this time around when I felt that visceral repulsion to all these really really really good cool things I didn't feel like I deserved I was able to recognize F that is not the voice in your head that you want to be listening to the voice in your head that you want to be listening to is okay why do we feel like we don't don't deserve these opportunities is it because we have skills that we want to develop that we want to work on that we can do or is it because we just don't think that we're worthy of that and if it's the latter then let's just put that in the bin right now because that is not the attitude that we're bringing into 2025 the attitude we're bringing into 2025 is either we deserve it and Brilliant or we can work for it and we can build up the skills that mean that we deserve it but there was so many points today where I was just like this life is not meant for me how on Earth am I in this situation and what if I take these opportunities and I make an absolute out of myself because I'm not worthy of them I'm not going to keep this in the Vlog but I just want to talk about it for my own memories um but today with so many excit here opportunities underway then I had even more motivation to get my filming done that afternoon because there is nothing worse than having content film when I get back from a busy draining shift after a final push to finish my biggest tasks it's time for part seven when I shut down I learned the hard way that evenings off don't need to be filled with anxiety and low self-esteem thinking about what I should have got done since I tackled my most important tasks earlier on in the day using the Eisenhower Matrix I can actually flip a switch later on in the evening and allow my brain time to decompress after a busy day research suggests that establishing firm work boundaries and disengaging from work related thoughts in the evening can significantly reduce stress and rumination this can regulate cortisol levels and promote better sleep quality critical factors for maintaining overall well-being but part say is the one step in my routine that really made the most difference in my life making sure the evening includes quality time whether it's watching something together or just talking I make sure that I am present not only does it feel good but studies show that meaningful social interactions can reduce stress hormones and boost oxytocin also known as the love hormone now not only will this increase happiness but could actually also boost cognitive function quality time is more than just down time it's my way of reconnecting with what matters most because honestly what is even the point in working so hard if you don't have time to be fully present with the people who matter most now you know my go-to routine for feeling balanced and productive on my days off but maybe you want to learn about the micro habits that set me up for Success even with a busy schedule or maybe you want to watch this video which has been specifically recommended just for you based on what you're interested in thank you thank you so much for watching if you did enjoy the video please don't forget to like comment subscribe and I will see you in the next video mAh

  Top Comments:
  1. @ah43444 [2 likes]: Key pillars of her day-off routine include:

•	Prioritize & Plan (01:24 - 03:16): Faye uses a 'brain dump' and the Eisenhower Matrix to clear mental clutter and reduce decision fatigue by categorizing tasks based on urgency and importance.
•	Brain Juice (03:17 - 04:19): She emphasizes that exercise is non-negotiable, noting that it boosts Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF), which enhances memory, focus, and executive function.
•	Pamper & Prep (04:20 - 06:00): A structured self-care session, including dry brushing and specific hair/skin routines, which serves as a reset for her physical appearance and well-being.
•	Mind Over Matter (06:01 - 07:29): She replaces passive consumption (like watching reality TV) with active learning through platforms like Skillshare to improve cognitive flexibility.
•	Matcha Before Mayhem (07:30 - 08:39): Faye opts for matcha over coffee, explaining that the L-theanine content provides a calm, focused alertness without the typical jitters or energy crashes.
•	Midday Reset (08:40 - 13:15): She incorporates mindfulness and meditation to combat midday energy dips and lower cortisol levels, helping her stay present during stressful or high-stakes moments.
•	Push & Rest (13:16 - 13:59): By tackling her most important tasks early via the Eisenhower Matrix, she can fully 'switch off' in the evening, establishing firm work boundaries to improve sleep and reduce rumination.
•	Quality Time (14:00 - 14:45): Ending the day with focused, meaningful social interaction to boost oxytocin and reconnect with what matters most.
  2. @hridaykaull [1 likes]: The way this video delivers its message is really impactful… simple yet powerful enough to actually change your perspective
  3. @Diana-Aziz [1 likes]: You read the book i read
  4. @myteaskay5631 [1 likes]: lowkey inspired to get my life together now
  5. @Shmooper_Dooper [1 likes]: That is some incredible levels of motivation, wish I felt the same, even though it leads to more work.

Early childhood and adolescence are super important to creating a person and I think mine were messed up and now I’m a broken person.
  6. @AliahMercksNaturalNails: what's with the tape on your lips?
  7. @SanskritiGupta-h1v: To all the teenagers pls don't follow this
  8. @RCoco-f5m: 11:27 know exactly how you feel im literally at my ketamine therapy session right now and your what i watch ❤❤❤ while doing my treatment ❤❤❤
  9. @natalife5297: Good evening, nice video, you have a very beautiful house, nice vlog, thank you for the pleasant company, a friendly like, good luck and all the best😍😍🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤗🤗
  10. @MissKaya-m6y: ❤❤❤
  11. @AhmetKarahan-r9b: 🥂     ✈ 💋
  12. @GodLevel-b1v6c: omg the morning routine sounds amazing 🤩
  13. @ImK82: love the tips, gonna try this routine for sure
  14. @MercyAkemotubo: this is so relatable, need to implement some of this
  15. @jeminahmatela93: the bit about exercise boosting mood hits. i always forget how much better my brain works after even a short lift, Forge: AI Trainer aside.
  16. @DailyHealthyLiving-b3p: Your shared video is very helpful to many people.
  17. @Myacc123: The only thing I noticed really was that your making breakfast and dinner for your partner on top of being a doctor and on top of staying incredibly fit. I get no breakfast, no dinner, my wife is overweight but hey she's got a good job so we got one out of 4 😅
  18. @StellaAesthetics: You were very smart to add Dr to your channel name.
Fae Bate sounds like an OF creator, and you being a young blonde and all.....
  19. @user-ls9ml9iq2l: So inspiring!
  20. @fhyfhy-g7p: WE HAVE THE SAME NAMEE

- Asian frugal habits that saves me thousands every year 💸: Kind: captions Language: en It's not about the takeaway coffee. It's about the habit. The habit of getting a takeout drink, which often comes with a sweet pastry on the side. And a few blocks from the cafe, we see a cute dress and decide to splurge with a matching scrunchie to go with it. All this shopping gets us hungry. So, we pick up some takeout on the way home and decide to get an Uber because we deserve it. This on repeat is no longer a habit, but it's a lifestyle. an expensive one at that. And some might say, what is the point of working so hard when you can't even treat yourself? And to that I say, maybe we're just conditioned to think that splurging on ourselves is a form of self-care. But actual self-care looks like working towards a life that truly enriches us. And maybe these little splurges are distractions along the way. Growing up in Korea, we lived very frugally, but I was still happy as I could be. Now in my mid-30s, I've come full circle and still embrace many of those same habits. These small everyday decisions might seem insignificant on their own, but it does add up over time. But more importantly, I found that living a lowmaintenance lifestyle comes with a piece that outweighs anything I can buy. So, I don't mind skipping the coffee. I never received any kind of gifts growing up. Not for my birthday or Christmas or any kind of holiday. And some people might hear that and think that I had a really sad childhood. But honestly, the opposite is true. My parents always try to gift us some kind of experience to remember these days. I remember for my 10th birthday, we spent the whole day just kind of walking the pier and we had fish and chips. I still remember to this day and I feel like these memories always stay with us way longer than any gift ever could. And I feel like these special occasions and holidays are no longer about spending time together and it's all about buying things for each other, all about the marketing, the sales, the limited editions and it's just really exhausting. So my husband and I, we don't gift each other anything. And instead, for these special occasions, we just like to spend a whole day doing our favorite things together. And one of the reasons, too, is because I feel like we have everything that we need. And if we want something, then we'll put it on our wish list and go and buy it ourselves. So there's really, really no pressure to go and buy something just because it's a specific day to prove our love to each other. It's just something that I don't deal with anymore. Thinking back, I feel like I only started eating out when I moved to the States. It was because it was like a cool thing to do with my friends and I always worked in the restaurant industry. But growing up, my mom always cooked for us. I remember she would always pack our lunches and my dad's bento box. And even when we were traveling, she would bring this gigantic rice cooker with us everywhere we went and she would cook for us. I definitely appreciate her more for doing that because it's a lot of dedication and time and effort that goes into it. But I know because she did that, we were able to save so much money. You guys know that for this year, I really wanted to cook more at home. I feel like I am slowly adjusting my habit and mindset around it. definitely takes a lot of creativity and a lot more planning, but honestly, I feel like the savings is so much worth it. So, for example, my husband and I, if we go out on a date to this bin, uh we will spend probably around €50, but if we cook at home and I could buy best of the ingredients, then it would probably be around less than €20 together. So, that's my biggest motivator. I would say 90% of the time I cook at home and 10% of the time we go out and try new restaurants. I am generalizing of course, but I feel like Koreans are very healthconscious people. I know a lot more people now in soul, they're going to Pilates and going to weight training and going to gyms and things, but I feel like from a very young age, we're told to have kind of a healthy lifestyle and integrate it into our lifestyle. For example, we always like to stretch in the mornings. We like to drink a lot of herbal teas and we have fruit for dessert and there's a lot of nice hikes in Korea. So on the weekends we would come together with our friends and family and go hiking. And these habits are kind of second nature to me. I've always kind of abided by these rules. And instead of getting these really expensive gym memberships, class passes, and having these really expensive hobbies just so that I could be active, I find it so much easier to just integrate it into my lifestyle and I can do it for free. Something that I never understood are those really nice aesthetic jars or containers. I guess the container store in general. I mean, it does look really nice when everything is displayed out in the open and everything is matching, but it's so expensive to buy these things where you could just get it for free from the grocery store. And I think the key is to buy something that's already in a really nice container. So after you use the item or eat it, then you can just wash and use the jar. A little bit of dish soap, just soak it overnight and it just comes right off the next morning. And I have tons of jars and I use it for everything because I buy a lot of loose leaf tees and buy things in bulk and they're really really handy to have. And this isn't just for glass jars. Obviously, you can repurpose everything and I think it's just being smart. You can save the wrapping paper from the original packaging. You can use the rice water to water your plants. You can even save those little yogurt containers and use it for when you're waterc coloring. You can even save your kitchen scraps and make broth with it. I mean, there's just infinite ways. You know, I think before you throw something away, it's a really good rule of thumb to ask yourself, can I use this for something else? And this over time can save you tons of money. Okay, this kind of goes with my previous point, but I always say everything has a first life and a second life. First, of course, I try to use up every little bit of it. And I'm definitely cutting the toothpaste in half and getting every little bit because that's money wasted if you don't use it. Then that toothbrush becomes a scrubbing tool. The old t-shirt becomes a rag. The paper bag becomes a trash liner. You get the point. I love a simple minimal home, but just dedicating one or two drawers for these little things that you could use for DIY purposes, it really isn't going to hurt anyone. And in Asian bath, you're actually losing money if you throw away something that's perfectly usable. I don't really know if this is an Asian thing or just because my husband and I grew up having to be very resourceful, but we really do not like to use other people, professionals to do something if we can do it ourselves. I cut my own hair, my husband cuts his. I groomed the dogs. We're doing all the home renovation ourselves and we're also making some of the furniture. So, we're definitely DIY kind of people. We live in an information age. We can literally Google anything or YouTube it and try it for ourselves. To me, this is way less stressful than having to manage other people to do it or having to pay someone else to do it. [Music] I don't know if you guys know, but before YouTube, I was a financial counselor. And when I was going over people's finances, I couldn't believe how many people just live off of their credit cards. And I understand that sometimes it's necessary to kind of propel you forward in life, but it is a really slippery slope and also it's not sustainable over time. The credit card culture isn't so common in Asia and I grew up always thinking that I have to pay off all my debts because that was something that my dad really drilled in me. I use credit cards because I can get the hotel points and the flight points and everything. And we have a mortgage, but it was pretty much the same as what we were paying for rent. But other than that, we don't have any lingering debt, especially from overspending on something that we couldn't afford. Like I said, it's not about the few dollars we save by living this way. It's about the freedom to make meaningful decisions when the right opportunities come because we've built up savings and can actually afford to invest. What do we invest in? Well, that's for another video. I want to know what frugal habits have made the biggest difference in your life. Let me know in the comments and I'll talk to you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @MalamaLife [442 likes]: What frugal habits have made the biggest difference in your life?
  2. @felisak6053 [1 likes]: I cooked everyday at home because I love to cook, and know what exact ingredients I added to my food, but also it is more cheaper. I only go out eating once or twice a month. I make our coffee at home latte, flat white, black coffee more cheaper that way. Work out daily and incorporate walking for 30 to 45 minutes. No alcohol, no soda just water, tea, and coffee. Don’t want to use plastic container as well, i love glass way better for hormones and over health. My husband and I are also minimalist and hate clutters, cleaning homes is a must once a week lol :)
  3. @ungarlinski7965 [1 likes]: Confused.  Why did you come to America and why do you stay?  To complain about it on YouTube?  No one is forcing you to do anything here much less stay.  The same as you, with you here, we appreciate our own culture that much more.  So please stop shifting your prejudicial views and hatred of America onto everyone else.
  4. @SugarAwareness [1 likes]: woooooooooooo
  5. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  6. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  7. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  8. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  9. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  10. @BunnySilver-x4l: The only thing I could stop but don't feel the need to is a soda before work, I work part time, and I need the caffeine since I have chronic fatigue and a physically taxing job. But I stopped buying lunch out and bringing my own, bought less food so I didnt waste any, bought less and stopped buying non food things/medication. The only thing I buy is tattoos usually cause I love them so much and they are permanent or plastic free cleaning products/things we love to use. We don't eat out unless my blood pressure is low. And the cinema twice a month on half price Mondays. These tips are so useful and thankfully I grow up like this too as my mum was the only working parent and three kids.  Found your channel the other day, quite like it and your voice is very relaxing. And me and my husband are saving to buy a plot of land and a caravan/5 wheeler to live in to have a versatile living situation, so our budgeting is helping so much with saving.
  11. @sammychung4156: I don't drink alcohol.
  12. @rl8571: I splurge and live paycheck to paycheck having the best life to the max.  BUT.. my 401k contributions are max and have $300 a month going to an IRA account.  I started 20+ years ago and every time i check my balance i smile.
  13. @TheMountainBeyondTheWoods: "Asian", because other races don't do the same, oof.
  14. @Spiritsoulska: Very Indian n Asian thing
  15. @Ahndreeyy: 💗
  16. @omnipresent417: Damn. Gorgeous and smart. ❤
  17. @Faithandlight_me: We can chose how we want to live. We can make the changes that will get us there. Love this!! I live what you said about self care. ❤
  18. @thecaribbeanbelle6733: I feel like these are things a lot of people used to do back in the day until social media and influencer era. But I agree with everything you mentioned
  19. @savoirytease: Before throwing something away, don't just ask yourself "can I do something with it?", ask yourself - "WILL I use it for something?".
  20. @meloniestewart2940: There is a fantastic, award winning, inspiring, short (15 min 🤔) film called Homegrown Revolution - Jules Devaes. Urban Homestead is their name 🙏🏼💕🙏🏼

- Diet for Perimenopause | 7-Day Plan for Women Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. [Music] If You're Above 40, It Suddenly Seems That You're Gaining Weight, Disturbed Sleep, and Mood Changes Without [Music] Any Clear Reasons. This May Not Just Be Aging. Your body could be entering perimenopause. You may also experience bloating, dryness and loss of strength, muscle [MUSIC] mask and bone density begins to reduce. This is a natural phase before menopause when estrogen and progesterone start fluctuating [music] and it's important to manage the symptoms properly. So today I am going to give you a simple seven day diet plan. That will help you manage weight, sleep, mood and hormonal imbalance. So let's get started and first understand how to structure one perfect day of eating and the reason behind every food choice. Once you understand this and the logic behind what you put in your plate. [Music] You can easily follow the diet. And even customize your own diet plan. Start your bonding with one glass of warm water. With 1 teaspoon powdered flax seed and five [music] soaked almonds. Flax seeds are rich in phytoestrogens which are plant compounds. That generally supports estrogen level in the body. Eggs [music] provide healthy fats which help stabilize your energy levels in the morning. Now for breakfast, take one medium bowl of vegetable poha along with half a cup of fresh curd. But instead of plain usual poha make it more nourishing by preparing a vegetable poha enriched with peanuts, curry leaves and a teaspoon of roasted flax seed powder. You can also add some sprouts and soaked green gram while cooking poha gives you carbohydrates [music] for steady energy but when you add vegetables like peas, carrots, beans along with peas, sprouts and flax seeds you increase fibre, protein and healthy fats. This is especially prevalent in perimenopause because insulin sensitivity reduces. So this combination helps close [Music] down sugar spike, keeps you full for lager and prevent gravy, [Music] crushed pumpkin seeds and you can add a pinch of roasted cumin powder to your curd to make it more beneficial. Curd is a fermented food. So it supports gut [music] health, improves digestion, helps in better absorption and assimilation. Adding cumin improves digestion further while seeds provide additional calcium, omega three fats and minerals [Music] that supports hormone and bone health with the small addition [Music] a simple poha and curd breakfast becomes a complete hormone supportive meal. If you feel hungry mid-morning, take one cup of ripe papaya. Papaya is rich in fiber and digestive enzymes which help prevent constipation and keeps [music] your digestive system smooth. Something that often becomes sluggish during this face. Now for lunch take two medium sized chapatis. One [music] bowl of dal, one bowl of lau ki sabji, one small bowl of salad and one glass of butter [music] milk. You can make this meal more nutritious by using multigrain and millet grain chapatis like jowar and bajra. Topping the lentils with cubeb, garlic, turmeric and adding a teaspoon of roasted cepsed milk over the vegetable and salad. Let us understand how each part of this meal supports your body. So [music] start with chapati using multigrain and millet flour increases fiber which [music] helps in better blood sugar control. This occurs during perimenopause when insulin sensitivity decreases. Let dal provides good [music] quality plant protein which helps maintain muscle mass and keeps your metabolism active. Tempering with cubeb and garlic improves [music] digestion and reduces bloating. Vegetables and salads are lightly cooling and [music] hydrating. They support digestion and help balance a feeling of excess heat in the body that many women experience during this phase. [music] Squeeze half a lemon on your salads to further enhance iron absorption. Cereals increase calcium [music] intake, which is essential for maintaining bone strength. [Music] Finally, buttermilk acts as a natural probiotic. It supports health, improves digestion and helps [music] the body absorb nutrients better. Adding roasted cumin powder and fresh coriander makes it even more effective. So this meal supports blood sugar [MUSIC] balance, muscle health, digestion and bone strength all at the same time. Now in the evening take one cup of herbal milk and Tulsi tea. Mix one hand full of roasted chana. Herbal tea refreshing and easy to buy. Roasted chana [music] provides protein and fibre. Helps control cravings and prevent overeating at dinner. Dinner should be light. Take one bowl of vegetable khichdi with 1 tsp ghee. Khichdi is easy to digest. Having a light dinner reduces its load on your digestive system and improves [music] sleep quality. Ghee in small quantities provides healthy fats that support hormone production. [Music] Now let's understand why you need to plan your meals like this. I've told you that during perimenopause, estrogen and progesterone levels fluctuate. Both hormones also influence how your body handles sugar. As a result, insulin sensitivity decreases, which means your body is more prone to storing fat, especially around the abdomen. That is why your diet should be lower in refined carbohydrates and higher [music] in fiber. Good sources of fiber include vegetables, fruits, whole grains [music] like oats, jowar, bajra, brown rice, and lentils. Protein is also variant. It helps maintain muscle mass. Supports Metabolism And Keeps You Feeling Full. Good Vegetarian Sources of Protein R. Dal, paneer, curd, sprouts, chana [music] and soya products. Calcium is essential because bone density declines without it. For calcium you must take ragi, sesave seeds, curd, paneer and leafy greens. Healthy fats are needed for hormone production. [Music] So include nuts like almonds and walnuts, seeds like flax seeds, chia seeds and a small amount of ghee. For omega three fatty acids. Take flax seeds and walnuts. Which help reduce inflammation and [music] support brain health which can help with mood swings. So fermented foods like curd, butter milk, idli, improve gut health. A healthy gut also helps in [music] better hormone regulation. Phytoestrogens found in flaxseed and soy products can also help reduce symptoms like hot flashes. Another nutrient is stryptophan. Tryptophan helps in the production of [music] serotonin which improves mood and sleep. Foods like milk, curd, nuts and seeds are good sources. So when you combine all these elements, protein, fiber, healthy fats, calcium, fermented foods and phyto [MUSIC] estrogen, you get a balanced plan that supports your body from all angles. [Music] Now using the same structure you can easily plan your meals for all seven days. I will [Music] also share a sample seven day diet plan in the description below where you can refer to customize and [Music] follow here I will give you a very important lifestyle tip along with diet you must include weight bearing exercises [Music] in your daily routine simple practices like standing asanas, light strength exercises and even gentle jumping movements improve bone and strength and maintain an optimum muscle mass among yogasanas I recommend Yogendra Utkatasana and Yogendra Plank Asana they [Music] help in strengthening your muscles this is very because during peri menopause both muscles and [Music] tend to weaken even a short daily practice can make a difference remember peri menopause is a natural face of your life it is not a disease along with this diet plan focus on other areas of your life which bring you joy and contentment take up a hobby like Growing your own vegetables and visiting holy places, lovely places [Music] With your friends on some day Simply wear your walking shoes and explore new parts in mild sunlight This will keep your mind fresh With simple, balanced eating and right lifestyle, you can support your body and go through this change comfortably at this stage in life [Music] Give priority to your health because when your health is good, you give more priority so you remain balanced physically and mentally Namaste

  Top Comments:
  1. @theyogainstituteofficial [3 likes]: Are you experiencing perimenopause symptoms like weight gain or bloating?
Your body is going through hormonal changes in estrogen and progesterone and the right diet for perimenopause can make all the difference. Our goal is to make good health a priority, promote well-being, and make this world a healthier place to live in.
  2. @PamDSouza [2 likes]: Thank you ❤ I am 45 this is so helpful ❤
  3. @aqsashah1299 [1 likes]: How can we eat sesame seeds flax seeds abd walnuts in summers
  4. @DeepikaDeepika-j5w7x [1 likes]: Mujhe bhi perimenopause start ho gaya hai mera 2 mahine mein turant weight gain hua hai kya estrogen ko balance karne ke liye supplement lena chahiye
  5. @vibhasaini4803: Bahut Bahut dhanyawad aapka mam🙏💐
  6. @JaspreetKaur-ir6gi: Mam any other options also
Roz yeh nhi kha sakte
Summer mai flex seeds le sakte hai??
  7. @E1304-l4m: Thankyou so much for ur greatwisdom
  8. @reyanbaig-c6i: Thank you dear mam.pls post a diet plan for thyroid in women's .
  9. @upteteducarestrikealightfo6153: Very Informative ❤
  10. @SarojTilak-q2q: Maa bahut sundar

- Kim Kardashian's Personal Trainer Reveals It Only Takes 5 Minutes A Day To TRANSFORM Your Body: Kind: captions Language: en I started dealing with depression and anxiety at the same time and working with Physicians you know they're a little bit quick to push medication on you it was until I found a physician that was running marathons herself where she suggested actually getting stronger and when I saw what kind of a difference working out did for my mental health is when everything changed hey everyone I've got some huge news to share with you in the last 90 days 79.4% of our audience came from viewers and listeners that are not subscribed to this channel there's research that shows that if you want to create a habit make it easy to access by hitting the Subscribe button you're creating a habit of learning how to be happier healthier and more healed this would also mean the absolute world to me and help us make better bigger brighter content for you in the world subscribe right now the number one Health and Wellness podcast J shett J shett the one the only Jett hey everyone welcome back to on purpose the place you come to to become happier healthier and more healed now in 2024 I want to help you get fitter stronger calmer and feel like you have more courage and in order to do all those things I'm looking for guests experts and thought leaders who can help you build different muscles today's guest is a friend of mine and she is incredible here to help us get fitter and stronger I'm speaking about sonada grea a world-renowned thought leader in Fitness and Wellness sonada is the founder of We rise a female empowerment platform that takes a holistic approach to health wellness and personal development sined is also the founder of zenoa a women's athletic apparel brand that has outfitted thousands of women around the world with high performance and stylish active wear sonada has been sought after by some of the biggest names in the world she's trained Miranda Kerr Bebe rexa amongst many others and currently Sonata works with Kim Kardashian I'm so excited to welcome to the show my friend an incredible thought leader Sonata Greer Sonata Welcome to our purose thank you so much thank you for having me here I am so happy to have you we've been looking forward to this I remember when I DMD you a while ago and we got connected you came over to our home we were hanging out you've got to know RI and I definitely feel like before we dive into the fitness conversation I felt like there was a soul connection when we met absolutely and and I think that's what made me so excited to have this conversation with you so thank you for making time thank you so much for having me here I'm so excited and like you said there was that spiritual connection with both yourself and Rie and just yeah and honored so thank you so much for having me absolutely well 2024 is here we're already a few months in and most likely people have fallen short of some of their fitness goals some people might be kind of just holding on maybe some people are doing well as well if someone has fitness goals if someone has strength goals how do you start by setting a goal how do you start how do you start I actually a great statistic that I just reviewed from the rise app is that people were on average by week um doing three and a half workouts I was like yes something is working so far as as about a week ago so hopefully everybody keeps the momentum going but if you're looking to start I always say start small you know you want to climb that mountain one step at a time versus you know doing a uh a dayong trip so to speak so take the smallest step you know start with 20 minutes if we cannot start with 20 minutes start with 5 minutes or even 1 minute it and then build that habit because it's about creating that consistent habit day after day that will carry you through you know a lot of the time we think that motivation is what's needed and it's not it's it's that habit that we create on a daily basis so start small start with what is attainable create a daily calendar and make sure that you're placing hopefully that workout at the same time every day you're most likely to to stick to it create an environment that is supportive of you working out so if you are working out at home create a little space for yourself with all of your items workout items and if you're going to the gym then lay out your workout clothes lay out your shoes the night before some people actually even wear their their workout clothes to sleep and because it eliminates another step so how can you make it more accessible mhm and easy for yourself to to accomplish that and then what is the time of day that does actually work best for you when you feel more energetic there is no specific time that is you know this is the best time to work out um for whatever reason it's like what what time is best suited for your life and lifestyle I would suggest if possible for most beginners to to have it in the morning so you you know kind of get it out of the way and don't leave it up to chance for later in the day things occur you know wor and kids and a million things that you have to do throughout the day so if you leave it up to chance you most likely are not going to do it um but if you're confident if you're if you you know set that time aside even if it's in the afternoon which is when I work out myself that's when I find it that I'm most energetic and when I find in the afternoon for myself um there is some studies that suggest that the optimal time might be between 11: a.m. and uh and 5:00 p.m. but again I say when is it more accessible to you that's that's key absolutely that let's say someone I and I think this is the world we live in today where we look at five minutes and go what's the point of working out for five minutes so what's the point of working out for five minutes like what can you get in five minutes you'll start to create a habit and that's what's key about making Fitness a long a lifelong activity because I see it as not uh you know Sprint it's a lifelong Marathon you want to stay active throughout your entire life for as long as you can um so five minutes is just creating that habit you won't see drastic results you might see no results from five minutes but five minutes today for a week 10 minutes the next week for a week and then you start building from there again that makes it just more accessible and creates that habit and uh it does take some time for for for a habit to be especially when it comes to Fitness to to be St Lish somewhere between 21 days might be when you're like starting to to create a foundation but some research f um shows that it's actually around like 60 66 days when you really solidify that that habit of working out so while in the you know in the immediate term like it doesn't really provide results that five minutes will just set you up for Success absolutely I think that's such a good point like we look at it as like oh five minutes isn't doesn't have any value but you commit to something for 5 minutes a day and you keeping that promise to yourselfa to turn up every single day that's what matters about the five minutes exactly it builds that self-confidence too in yourself you know your body listens as in with meditation too five minutes might not break you through to where you need to be but five minutes every day and you're setting up that that habit and you're also saying like yes I got this I'm doing it you know I'm dedicating five minutes uh to myself for myself absolutely so let's say someone's listening right now and they say Sonata J I'm with you I only have five minutes what do I do with five minutes what should they do in a five minute workout if that's all they have and they're starting out yeah there's five minutes just jump on uh you can let's start with a treadmill you know we can um just warm up for a minute do maybe a few squads just some of the basic movements um and maybe deadlifts I you know where I'm going to this it's a little bit more more strength training focused for me but um you know do something to warm you up for for a minute or so and then go into some squats going into some deadlifts going into some like major movements that will Target some of the biggest muscles in your body maybe do some rows and then you got a few movements covered there if someone's at home and they don't have any gym equipment and don't equipment you still you still utilize your body weight it's perfectly fine to do so even if you're starting out out squat to see so basically just squat to your seat stand up squat to your seat stand up um you can do hip thrust back uh of your shoulders on the couch feet planted on the ground hip thrust body weight perfectly fine grab a kid put him on your hips the K or any object I'm a big believer that you can turn anything around your house into something to work out with add a little bit of extra resistance um and it's it's doable will you always fit and energetic and strong was that always been a part of your life or is it something that you had to develop at a certain point as a kid I've always been active I love being outdoors playing with friends whenever I could be outside I would I would be on trees picking fruit CU you know in Albania we have to kind of like Forge a little bit for ourselves and or like um on rooftops um just just an active kid I played Sports um so I've always been active not necessarily like strong fit more active into the teenage years unfortunately that's shifted where you know your body changes so I was trying to deal with this extra weight that I was like starting to carry and um I started to work out for the wrong reasons which I would consider is you know trying to be as skinny as possible limiting food intake to be as thin as possible so it shifted in that fashion and that was not a healthy way to work out um and then you know I started dealing with depression and anxiety at the same time I think everything kind of like hit at the same time and um working with Physicians you know they're a little bit quick to push medication on you which which I I did um I did take but it wasn't until I found a physician that was running marathons herself where where she suggested you know actually getting stronger and that's what what made the biggest difference for me is gaining that strength working out for the right reasons which for me at the time were mental um for my mental health working out did for my mental health whenever is when everything changed now I was nurturing my body for health versus um dieting it to to be as skinny as possible so it has taken the Journey of Fitness for me has taken a bit of uh uh of a of a path of a different path throughout the years and then but when I found strength when I found strength training is when I found the strength in me and um I was able to overcome a lot of the things that were that were Weighing on me that were affecting me like depression anxiety Y and then eating disorders walk us through how just you know walk us through the dangers of I guess the way like you said the wrong reasons walk us through some of the dangers physically and biologically of what happens to the body when we're starving the body or when we're not right really helping ourselves in the right way of course I mean you if you're working I mean there's there's extremes to everything so while working out is good doing workouts to the extreme for hours on end while Mal nourishing the body can be detrimental to your physique where you're not uh incorporating those nutrients that your your body needs so you're depleting yourself to uh to extreme levels both with the nutrition and the physical activity so um it it's it is not healthy it's not healthy mentally it's not healthy physically your your your body starts to deteriorate you know you see your like gums and teeth deteriorate and you know everything else that goes on internally um that goes with that so it is not healthy it is not healthy while being thin naturally can absolutely be healthy it's there's nothing wrong with that but when it happens in a forced manner when you're starving yourself and when you're working out to to extremes that's when it becomes unhealthy yeah walk us through the different types of exercise you obviously focus on strength training I want to hear about the benefits of that but you know people are trying to make sense of like do I need to do Pilates do I need to do yoga do I need to do hit workouts do I need you know there's just so much on offer today especially in LA but there's so much on offer all over the world people are just wondering what's going to work I was telling you earlier that you know if I'm doing a workout and I'm not seeing progress either in strength or physique or whatever it may be then you get discouraged and then you let go of it so walk us through the different benefits of different exercises and why strength training is a priority for you in my actual programming I also incorporate some higher intensity and I try to weave in a little bit of fun cardio so I do incorporate different modalities it's not strictly you know strength training or and it's not powerlifting by any means is is strength training but I do incorporate like hit sessions and and some cardio because you need I value all of the components uh all of the different modalities but for me strength training is sort of like the the golden standard because that is what is going to strengthen your bones that's what's going to build muscle mass and a vast array of other benefits um that not every modality has you know strength training is proven to to increase like I said bone bone density and muscle m w which are so crucial to longevity and a healthy longevity and you know longevity now has become such a buzzword and if you could do one thing for your longevity is strength is strength train what's actually happening when we do strength training like why does it link to longevity the bone density is an important part what else is happening because of strength training because what I always hear about is you know as you get older and if you fall over you need the strength to pick yourself back up but like what how is strength training in other ways really impacting our longevity yeah I mean because it is in our bone our bone density Max is reached at about age 25 to 30 and from there we start to lose bone density and by the age 40 and on we start to lose bone density faster than we can build it so then what happens at that point is that when we do fall we break a hip or a wrist and then the chances of recovery from that are much less so that leads to death I think there is like 32,000 deaths caused from Fall injuries in adults like 65 and older and obviously if you can build and muscles the same way you start losing after the age of 30 believe it or not you start losing um muscle mass at about 3 to 8% um every decade so that's that's an incredible those are incredible numbers I mean at the age 30 is a little bit slower but then it starts to pick up at 40 50 and then by 60 is even faster so if you can build as much as you can in bone and muscle as when you can that will just help you carry um it will help you carry yourself through and and healthier in the in the older years in the in the later years of life because again you can either prevent yourself for falling or you can recover faster from an injury because your bone density um is where it it it is more optimal than it would have been if you hadn't been building that bone mass and especially for women women are more prone to osteoporosis which is bone density loss than men um and by by menopause the the numbers are staggering as to that bone density loss um and for men actually even though the ostosis um instance is less than women their causality of death their death due to Falls is higher than women oh wow so I mean a lot of the time I know it's like when we're in our in our 20s or even our 30s we think of ourselves as Invincible you know we've got these amazing bodies they're they're incredible of course but how do we prepare ourselves now when it is possible for the future ourselves our future self will will think us this is really powerful stuff Sonata this is really going to connect with the audience to hear these reset studies and recognizing the changes that are happening in every decade because I think so many of us like you said and I remember that I remember being 22 years old and thinking I was Superman right and thinking nothing could defeat me and I remember my dad kept telling me you need to focus on your health you need to focus on your health and I was like I'm healthy it doesn't matter and then you know when I had a couple of my own personal challenges with health it really kind of stuck with me as to what an investment it needed to be what are some of the biggest things that you consistently see getting in people's way when they're trying to get fit and stronger what are the challenges the most common ones that you see people that you've trained over the years that you find they struggle with well the first one is relying on feelings a lot of people rely on motivation I don't feel motivated so you know how or how do you get motivated to work out a lot of the time I just am not motivated I don't want to necessarily work out the coziness of the home is is a lot better than you know getting up and getting moving but it's uh we we don't rely on that you know you take that you take those feelings you put them aside and you put your shoes and you keep going cuz that's what you do it's like brushing your teeth you there's no there's no for me there's no um it's a non-negotiable working out is a non-negotiable not just for right now not because of Aesthetics but for longevity like we were talking about quality longevity um Aesthetics come it's beautiful once you do the things the right things for your body with nutrition and working out Aesthetics are a byproduct that will come because a lot of people take that approach of like wanting to look a certain way which I find can be motivating but for it's it's shortlived especially if the results are taking a little bit longer which could take longer for some people but if you are doing it again for those right reasons for the reasons of like I want to be as strong as I can in this body so this body can carry me forward in a healthiest possible way for as long as as uh as possible so that is the the biggest one that I face is like how do you how do I get motivated how do I stay motivated it's like act don't wait for the feelings act um the other thing is I'm too busy I'm too busy there's always time I'm sorry but you can always make time for yourself you can find that time a lot of the time we find I'll even there there's been even arguments back and forth with people on Instagram you know I don't have time yet two hours later they're still responding to that same chain of communication well you had two hours right there you have time A lot of the time is just we we analyze your day just analyze your day as to where you're you're spending time that you could carve out not saying don't watch TV or don't don't be on social media TV exactly do that how can you incorporate it I found that for me incorporating is so exactly and I'm I'm a big big believer of like not doing All or Nothing mhm so even when it comes to nutrition it's like you want to eat a burger fine just how can you maybe take one of the sides of the bun out you know what I mean how can you substitute half of the fries with a salad just like don't don't completely take things out try to incorporate uh in your life so find out there there's definitely always a little bit of time that you can find absolutely yeah when going back to the feelings Point yeah I found that things that are good for me feel bad before yes but feel amazing after exactly and the things that are bad for me they feel really good before but they don't feel so great after and so I'm the same as you when I wake up in the morning I often go on a hike that's like how I like to start my morning I like fresh air I'm going out for a walk I like sweating and I like being active and I don't want to do something too strenuous because my day is quite bus exact and I found that when I wake up in the morning I don't want to out I don't feel like it and you're so right that I just have to say to myself I have to remind myself but I know how I'll feel after and when it comes to eating a burger trust me I want to eat a burger all the time and I have to remind myself but I know how it's going to feel after and so it's almost like you've got to connect your brain to the after feeling absolutely because the after feeling is so much more what you have to live with because the feeling before kind of comes and goes exactly I want to eat a burger I ate a Burger now I don't feel so great I don't want to work out I ignore working out I didn't work out now I don't feel so great right and you're living with that feeling after for much longer than you're living with the feeling before very true very true so that's definitely help me and and the busy one is so true I mean I feel like if I work out while watching I love watching football soccer highlights I miss watching soccer and I don't get to watch it uh full I don't get to watch full games anymore because differents because I live in LA the game in London or England and I will put on a highlights of the game which are like 20 minutes and I'm like this is perfect for a 20 minute workout I can watch the highlights I can work out and it's going to force me to get through 20 minutes whereas if I didn't have the highlights on I know I'd give up in like six yeah and so when the highlights are on I know that I'll be able to get through a full 20-minute workout which is what I'm trying to do if I'm traveling or or moving around so I I love that idea of incorporating things incorporating things and and that's true when it comes to creating habits that that are tough to to create in the beginning it how can you tack on something that that is is enjoyable like a little bit of a reward system and a reward system doesn't have to be that I get to eat you know whatever I want afterwards what is the right reward system for being fit because I think a lot of people think it isting getting to what you want yeah yeah yeah could be you know like you said you you like to watch the highlights you know a show that you that you enjoy or another activity that's enjoyable you know or if you want to treat yourself find maybe when it comes to food find a a healthier option I'm a great believer also in substituting you know a lot of the recipes that I post are I have a sweet tooth a major sweet tooth so how can I create recipes that are healthy that will satisfy and will taste just as good as the naughty uh food so it's just for every person it could be it could be different um what that reward for them is but tack it onto it and you know our um in in the We rise app we have Dr Gina who's a habits expert habits building expert one of the I think four leading um uh researchers of habits and she has so much input and so much information on how to make habits sustainable you know I wish I had a Dr pocket G that I ask yeah but yeah she she'll have such an amazing uh insight as to how to create and sustain these habits yeah what's the biggest misconception with strength training what do you think people get wrong that woman will get like bulky and big and and gigantic that's like the biggest thing is like I don't want to get too bulky I don't want to get too big that's what you hear a lot that's what I hear hear a lot and that is a huge misconception because uh in females our hormones are do not allow us to get to the levels that for example a man's physique can get naturally it is not biologically uh I there's obviously different levels of hormones in different women that will promote growth in some more or less than others but I always say at the very at the end of the day you can just back off back off you if you are feeling but I guarantee you that once you start gaining a little bit of muscle you will be addicted you will because the the the the feeling of strength and confidence that it that it gives you like a stronger body gives you at least for me and for the people that I've worked with those feelings that it gives them are far outweigh any any negative uh misconceptions I'm going to say misconception because it is it's you're not going to get big you're not going to get huge you're not going to be like Hulk I know I know Ry loves strength training like it's such a passion of hers and she loves that feeling of being stronger and loves that feeling of like it's it's amazing to see because I think you are right that we have this worry that our body's going to change and look a way that we don't want it to look yeah yeah yeah yeah what should someone eat right before a workout and right after especially a strength training workout so at before a workout about an hour maybe 30 minutes at uh at most because you don't want to eat too close I would eat um a combination of protein and carbs maybe a little bit higher in in uh in carbs and then afterwards um meal that is higher in protein so at least at least 20 grams of protein in that meal after the workout I mean the the studies are a little bit over the all over the place when it comes to this obviously for somebody that's been working out for a long time you're a little bit more flexible with that uh or for somebody that is um trying to that is trying to to gain muscle mass or weight again it's a little bit more flexible versus a beginner then you have to be a little bit more strict with strict a little bit more on top of of your nutrition when it comes to not just before and after but throughout the day and at the end of the day is what you're consuming throughout the day that is most important are you're reaching so not so focused CU a lot of people focus so much on before and after I would start with how do you feel before a workout do you feel you know if you're working out in the morning and you're energized enough um then feel free to work out on an empty stomach that's completely fine even if you can carry that energy through if you feel like you need to have a little bit of nutrition beforehand that's great too it's how how do you optimize for yourself how do you optimize for yourself how did genetics play a role in achieving your goals genetics they do play a role a big role in the sense that well genetics will not get you out of bed because a lot of the time you know uh people see my physique and say you know it's all genetics I actually had to fight against a lot of my genetics to get out of bed and work out my I'm predisposed to to depression and anxiety so battling those uh those factors that's a genetic factor that goes into play but then when it comes to actual physique building um yes it will you you'll vary as to like the muscle mass that you'll put on but you can always improve you know there's not let's not even bother working out because I don't build bigger muscles you know you don't even know till you've tried to what capacity you can build genetics will play a bit of a of a of a factor in the body that you're trying to achieve you know some people will carry a little bit more weight around their stomach so their abs will not be as uh easily uh visible as others so they'll have to in a healthy way potentially diet if they can but uh to see the the visible abdominal abdominal abdominal muscles not that that that is a golden standard of anything just hypothetically saying that it will take them longer than others to to do to to achieve that yeah because again genetics do play a role in that talking about that what is the health benefit of having a lower body fat percentage like what is the goal right because we know that people are trying to lower their body fat percentage in order to have abs but what's the actual health benefit of having a lower body fat percentage even with that you want to maintain a healthier one you so you don't want to go too low you don't want to be too high if you're going too low then your hormones start to to get messed up and we don't want what happens if it goes too L um if it goes too low so then we start to you know women will start to miss their period so it will affect them that way obviously that puts the body in a little bit of a frenzy it's not homeostasis anymore um when he goes too high then you're starting to deal with cardiovascular issues um you know insulin resistance and all of the things that will then lead to an unhealthier individual so there's a range there that we should be talking about cardio you said that you incorporate cardio yeah how much is cardio important in a strength training practice and how much is it not needed the question would be what are the reasons for adding cardio so are you adding cardio because a lot of people think that cardio is what's going to help them lose weight and that's not NE that's not true um it's it's all about calories in versus calories out so if you're talking about strictly losing weight is how many calories are you putting in your body and how many calories you're expending so if you're deciding to utilize strength training as a way to expend those calories great if you're utilizing uh cardio great there is some studies again that suggest that you'll get faster into that fat burning phase if you're doing strength training before and then cardio after and also cardio if you're doing strength training also before and cardio after you're you're not compromising your strength training process um as if you were to do cardio beforehand how much cardio that also is an IND individual basis um cardio a lot of people hate cardio U so what I try personally to do I'll incorporate it on upper body days so I'll do somewhat of an interval training so I'll do an exercises upper body focused and then 30 seconds to a minute of sprinting and then another you know exercise or set of an upper body focused and then so that's what how I make it finding my personal training and for everybody in the We rise app and obviously if you're wanting to add more cardio because you feel like you know adding a a a steady state cardio session after a separate day a separate part of the day um because you're wanting to be at a more of a caloric deficit that's completely fine as well it sounds like you don't like cardia I don't love cardia that's good for us to know I I so I ran marathons and and that was great around three marathons I I enjoyed it you do put your body through a lot but I have found personally what I've achieved through strength training when it comes physically and mentally has been far more rewarding than cardio there's some you know benefit to cardio in the sense that some people feel more of the Endorphin and the Feelgood hormones during H sessions or cardio so there is a benefit to that um and at the end of the day what is so while so let's say while I value strength training pick your poison at the end of the day or pick your remedy I should say pick your Elixir you know what would that be for you as long as you can get some activity in so while there is hierarchies of you what you want to achieve so if you want to build muscle strength training really is like the golden standard right but if you know you absolutely hate it um it what is your activity of choice at the end of the day is what I would say walk me through what your regime was for running the marathons like what what did you how did you build up to that what was your practice what was your workout routine and nutrition plan I wish I could say that I followed one of the one of the plans this was quite a few years ago um that kind of buil um slowly and it worked on like hill hill Sprints and and you know just a different variety of of things that you need to work on when you're running a marathon but it basically started to started with three miles and then increased to five miles and then after a week or so increase so incrementally increasing the length that I would run till I got to the to the marathon I guess yeah never you never run the whole Marathon when you're doing when you're practicing it's more like up to like 18 miles but it was just slowly over time building up to that yeah and definitely feeding that that that those calories that were burning almost couldn't couldn't keep the weight on me at that point yeah because you're spending so much energy what would you now say is a great nutrition plan while someone's strength training like what kind of things have you found to be really integral and useful to have and then what have you found to be useful to leave out definitely prioritizing protein so if you're consuming about 8 to to just a little bit over one gram per pound of body weight of protein per day that's a good place to be and then filling the rest with carbs and and fats um but that's what I always say prioritize Protein that's what's going to help not just building muscle but just your pH physiological iCal um needs you know protein is the building block of our of our body and what you can leave out is the infamous sugars you know the refined sugars and um so opt more for uh for complex carbs um I still like eating fruit I know there's been fruit suddenly has become controversial like if you're eating fruit and vegetables you're good just uh fit into the macro um what especially if you're starting out and you want to you have a specific goal it is important to find out what your appropriate macros are for for the day and macros are the macronutrients so what are what is your daily intake of protein carbohydrates and fats um but I always prioritize protein and with the protein I mean most of us are not getting close to that most of us are not um like I said for let's say 10 20 pound person like a gram so you need 120 grams of protein uh or around that per per day so you know there in a piece of like palm of your hand of of of uh let's say chicken there's like 20 gram of protein so you need to be a little bit more um Discerning of your meals so always include protein with every meal and maybe even with your snacks yeah I think for most of us if feels like protein takes up probably that 20 G and then we're filling the rest with carbs fats and everything else but I've definitely found that when I first learned about that I just couldn't believe how hard it was to actually prioritize getting and I'm doing that plant-based which is even harder it even for my friends who eat me even they were saying just how challenging it was for them like it's not easy across the board and so raising that up to that yeah yeah it is it's important especially as we age Believe it or not like we we need to intake even more protein you've shared so much amazing research and studies with us today are there any others that really come to your mind that you think this is really important for women to know or this is really important for strength trainers to know because some of the studies you've shared with us have really been powerful yeah I mean the the the muscle loss is huge the um like I said the 32,000 deaths per per year which actually crazy enough has has almost doubled from like 2012 to 2021 if I believe if I remember correctly and I wonder what's gone into that like why there's been such a drastic increase and like that's due to Falls during um this time like maybe we've become less um we've become less mobile uh maybe there's medications in the market that are affecting our bone density it's actually when it comes to to depression and anxiety mood disorders it is has been found that even as little as 150 minutes of activity per week can relieve symptoms to about 40 to 60% 42 to 60% while as compared to psychotherapy and pharmaceuticals the numbers are uh 20% to 30% in relief of symptoms so even the highest the higher upper end limit of pharmacological products and uh Psychotherapy doesn't even come close to what you can achieve by physical activity and that's only at 150 minutes per week so to me like that's that's mindblowing what you can achieve because and I'm not negating the need for Psychotherapy or or far pharmacological products absolutely you know where it's necessary but why not start with exercising like start there you will achieve results that might be even higher than what you can do with with pharmaceutical products that's like just over 20 minutes a day yeah exactly just over 20 minutes a day that's incredible yeah absolutely that's pretty amazing to know I mean wow like yeah and the difference too like you're saying instead of 20 to 30% reduce 40 to 60% reduce so double on both the upper and lower and liit exactly exactly that's yeah and and you're right again we're not telling anyone not to take things that they need to take but absolutely the idea that why not have the full package like exactly why not have the full package that's what it is because a lot of the time it can be that Psychotherapy or pharmacologics don't necessarily work for for some people I think there is some statistics of like around 40% of the people don't experience the relief that they need so either in conjunction or starting with an exercise program that will provide sign ific relief I mean firsthand I'm standing here as somebody that has um achieved that kind of relief without now being on any Pharmaceuticals um I I this is why I work out every day I don't want to experience those symptoms of depression and anxiety uh any ever so this is why I keep going so powerful so powerful so inspiring to hear that as well thank you so inspiring to hear that what what was it for you that was causing that where was that coming from for you personally H it's been I mean there's so many factors I think you when you're talking about being anxiety and depression experiencing that I think some of it is genetic um some of it is being a teenager and moving countries going from Albania to to the United States and completely in a new world a new space um my family didn't know English at the time I was the only one that did so I had to support them so I had to assume the role of an adult at a fairly young age so I was 145 at the time where I had to become an adult in my family so I think there's a cornicopia of like things that that kind of came together for me to experience um anxiety and depression and trying to fit in and not you know being a foreigner at the time and the teenager and being bullied and made fun of um all kind of let pave the path a little bit for me to experience that and um I do feel for for for teenagers and I do feel for the um the the generation that is that that is living through through these times it's not easy it's not easy but find find find comfort in that discomfort of working out and and that physical activity because it will help absolutely thank you for sharing that thank you so much I wanted to talk to you a bit about steps what's your take on the 10,000 steps it's a good place to start like I said like walking that's that's that's great uh 10 to 12,000 my uh my dad does it every day he's committed to it uh it's a good starting point it's a good starting point but it's how you make those steps Quality quality steps you know do you work out every day of the week most days but I do you have a rest day I I find that it is great to keep yourself active even if it's something light so if I'm not working out I'll go for a long walk or a hike I think it's so important to keep ourselves active because we do end up spending most of the day sitting so even even working out for an hour a day if you spend most of your day sitting it doesn't negate that sitting so it is important even speaking like throughout the day to get up and and and take a little bit of a walk like every half an hour every hour so I do I do try to keep active every single day so if I'm not doing a full workout I'll go for a walk like I said or a hike no days off no days off really no days off I love it a body and stays in motion yeah yeah no I know what you mean it's it's so interesting how much yeah staying sedentary is the cause of so many of our issues we had Dr Daran sha on a few months back and he talked about the idea of just how much our quality of life changes because we're not getting up exactly from our seats all day whether we're at our desks or work or wherever else it may be and so I love what you're saying about the idea of moving even if it's not a full your rest day is my best workout day basically basically my ideal workout day she's like I go on a hike when I'm not working out and I'm like here I am going my hike is my workout I love I love that you do you work out my best is your you're you're you you just told me you were into calisthenic so yeah you work out yeah that's so funny I love it um one thing I wanted to dive into you about as we're coming to a close here is you train some of the most well-known people in the world who seem to work really hard obviously Kim's been on the show and we always see Kim posting you and and you guys training together what what have you learned about training with her what have you learned about her from training with her so one thing that I've learned about Kim with training with her it's her dedication she she shows up shows up on time and it's ready to to go never does she complain or backs away from something that I put her through and I put her through a lot and she never backs away she never backs away she always pushes through wow that's impress very impressive I'm not surprised she did say her workout was one of her favorite things she's very dedicated for sure yeah and you guys get organized right if she has a shoot coming up or she's got a specific outfit to wear for an event like you get really we we we dial it in we dial it in for sure I you moved to LA for I did and I ended up staying here for a little bit longer than I was uh yeah was expected what was it like when she first reached out you and said I need you to come over what was that like what was that conversation like yes I'll be there um because obviously it is cim but I believe in working with these people that have such high influence because of the impact that they will have on the larger population so if they can send if through them I can send a message of strength for women so strength is beautiful strength is confidence whatever that looks like strength doesn't have to to come with big muscles you know but if I can send that message of strength to especially young women then to me I've done my my purpose is fulfilled it's beautiful what's the first thing you ask someone when they come to you anyone that comes to work with you what's the first thing you ask them how serious are you about this right yeah how serious are you about this like are you know are you going to give me a day here and there because that's just not going to achieve anything for you or or or myself so uh you have to be serious about your health um and I I'd like to make it even though somebody comes to me saying that they need to look look a certain way I always try to make it about Health and Longevity yeah it's similar in coaching actually whenever I take on a client I found that clients who are willing to dedicate and commit time exact see phenomenal results I've had clients that I have met for 2 hours a day every day for 2 years and I had clients that I met twice a week Thrice a week for three to six months and then I have someone who's like kind of checking in once a month kind of checking once a quarter cancel doesn't have and you just start to notice and and it's hard because it's not that someone is not wanting to work hard or it's not that they're a bad person or a weak person just people have different discipline levels abut but it's like in order to really see an impact and see the results there has to be that commitment there be that commitment absolutely you talked about the purpose of strength training what is the purpose of workouts like Pilates and yoga and and other forms what what is the purpose of those kind of workouts compared to strength training they like I said I respect and utilize have utilized myself all modalities you know I love yoga but I think they're are great additives they're great in addition to strength stren training because they will not most likely build uh muscle mass in the way that strength training can MH they will build maybe endurance they will build some endurance they'll build um flexibility and some strength but not to the level that lifting weights uh will will will not in so in the way that lifting weights will build your bone density um yoga and pilates unless you're doing some crazy yoga pilat um they they will not do that so but again there is a great place and time in addition I believe to strength training to incorporate yoga and pilates what's the difference in the workout you prescribe to someone who wants to gain muscle versus someone who wants to lose weight through strength training they don't have to be the same at all they they could be one and the same because again at the end of the day um um when you're building muscle you're you're challenging yourself you're challenging your muscles with a weight that you're you're lifting which is expanding calories and that's what you need in weight loss as well you need expenditure of calories that but at a caloric deficit so that's the only changing component is that caloric deficit so it's more in the nutrition versus in the workouts I mean there is you know you can work out um you can challenge yourself with the duration of the workout and then maintain your nutrition or you can um eat less basically so be at a deficit in in calories and then lose weight so doesn't have to be the any difference there it's just how you manage nutrition versus output got it got it and if you're working out on your own without a trainer it's much harder how do you know what to add to make it more challenging to to continue to get stronger or to continue to sh shift because I find like most people are working out with that or trying of course they can use the Weise app and have that that's what the Weise app does right absolutely so I'll give you the guideline if you you'll give you the the workouts what you can do on your own is challenge yourself with the weights that you're lifting so if for example the recommended uh reps are between 8 and 12 when you get to that 8 or 10 9 10 12 rep like how are you challenged can you do can you do 10 more if you're doing 10 more after that or if you can do you're doing you're doing too little weight so you need to increase the weight that's where you have to keep in mind I also value strongly that mind muscle connection um so truly thinking about the working muscle there actually studies that that show that if you are thinking of the muscles that you're working that that actually creates um the muscle gets bigger uh there is there studies to that so if you are slowing down the movement thinking about the muscles that you're working I some times try to touch you know this is working it sends that signal from your your your brain to the muscle that hey we're working here we're working here and that will increase strength will increase muscle mass actually yeah I've heard about that stud the idea of people almost doing weights in their mind yeah yeah yeah there were studies that they just simply just did that without any weight lifting and uh they found uh significant difference yeah yeah yeah that's the power of the mind is incredible what what else have you done for the power of the mind to affect your body like what other practices have you taken on at a mental or spiritual level that you feel have positively impacted your physical health well meditation um is huge in my opinion for mental health but also if you're wanting to visualize certain results I feel like whenever I've been in a place where I needed to I've competed for example um in in in bodybuilding competitions in the Bikini level so that I found when it came strictly to like the physique if you are it's it's basically manifestation you know at uh at that cellular level when you're thinking about the way that you want to to look um or feel or present yourself so meditation is huge I try to incorporate that every day um journaling um also gratitude every night before going to bed I practice gratitude not sure how that relates to the physique but it relates to the mental aspect for your body absolutely absolutely I had to learn that I had to learn that I I definitely was very grateful for my mind and my intelligence and my abilities but I'd always feel like my body was letting me down and that negative approach to my own body only made my body let me down more absolutely it's like someone in your life if you feel like that person in your life always lets you down guess what they end up let they're going to let you down because you're going to look for that yeah exactly and so I was always talking to my body subconsciously in that way where I was like oh my mind is amazing but my body lets me down and that Lang the words that we use are so important you know just in the in in this recent Journey that just shared about before with you um that was one of the big lessons that that I learned is the way that sometimes uh we talk to ourselves the words that we use whether they're out loud or even just spoken in silence to ourselves are are huge are huge so if you tell yourself you know like I hate my body like I want to change this like I hate I don't know like my stomach like that's not coming from a place of love you're less likely to achieve results if they're if that's coming from a place of negative sentiments towards yourself I always that's another thing that I always try to impart on whoever I'm working with especially in person is like I want us to from a place place of love for ourselves not from I need to lose 20 lbs because that again comes from like I hate this 20 lbs that's on me um but yeah starting from a place of love for wherever we're at and for I want to I want to do this because I want to become a healthier version of myself fantastic Sonata has been so informative talking to you today I feel like there's been so many great insights that we can I think I'm going to be pulling on a lot of your insights to gain drive and gain Focus to connect back in with my body because a lot of what you've shared with me has made me realize just how important strength training is especially in my 30s where I am now and and how important it's going to be long term even if I don't feel it right now so thank you so much uh we end every episode with a final five these have to be answered in one word or one sentence maximum and so Sonata grea these are your final five the first is what is the best health or Fitness advice you've ever heard or received well the advice not necess well it it's the best advice ever was to stay true to myself and to my uniqueness so I don't think it necessarily has to deal with the fitness part but it's to to embrace your unique self and stay true to it um the advice that I would give when it comes to to Fitness though um would be to just start just start second question what is the worst advice you've ever had or received stop lifting weights he'll get you to be masculine and bulky and that's not the case yeah yeah at the end of the day it's also let's not judge people for how they want to look you know if they want to appear a certain way if that's what drives them that's what they they want let's allow question number three what's your hope for people in 2024 uh just to do everything from a place of Love whatever that is so whether it's working out nutrition or um anything in their life just start from a place of love for themselves and for everybody around them question number four what's the first thing you do in the morning and the last thing you do at night first thing I meditate last thing I say my gratitudes beautiful and Fifth and final question if you could create one law that everyone in the world had to follow what would it be I would say because this was one of my biggest lesson was to allow I don't know if it makes sense but one of the biggest lessons for me recently was to allow and stop being so much uh needing to to control everything um so maybe this is more on a personal but I think if we allow for the good in our life for the love for the right type of circumstances um I think there's so much to gain from that it's beautiful Sonata thank you so much thank you for being here everyone who's been listening or watching sonata's app is the We rise app uh where you can find fitness and health tips and practices and of course if you don't already you can follow her on Instagram at. grea please go and follow her right now for more fitness tips for great workouts to get you started to get you going I want 2024 to be a year you're stronger fitter and better uh and Sonata is going to be a big part of making that happen thank you so much s again for time and energy I'm so grateful thank you so much thank you for having me here I truly appreciate it thank you thank you if you love this episode you'll enjoy my conversation with Megan Trainer on breaking generational trauma and how to be confident from the inside out my therapist told me stand in the mirror naked for 5 minutes it was already tough for me to love my body but after the c-section scar with all the stretch marks now I'm looking at myself like I've been hacked but day three when I did it I was like you know what her thighs are cute

  Top Comments:
  1. @phantos_says [1 likes]: CHANGE THIS TITLE!!! So disrespectful not to use her name!!!
  2. @jasminegray3573 [1 likes]: I found this interesting because I’ve always struggled with exercise. When I was younger, I worked out mainly to lose weight, so now gym or cardio still reminds me of that difficult and struggle times. Recently though, I realized I actually enjoy dancing, can do it for hours and it makes me feel good. 

This podcast also made me think about strength, and how important it is to exercise to be strong, not just lose weight. That’s something I want to start working on too.
  3. @ryandeffley7652: 1) A huge misconception with lifting is that more is more. You actually need way less than you think. Most people are seriously overreaching with tons of junk volume and high frequency. 

**If you're doing full body 3x per week or an upper/lower split where you do each one twice per week with four days total, that is more than enough. High intensity with only 1-2 reps shy of failure and moderate volume.

2) If you're training legs 2-3x per week as part of a full body or an upper/lower with compound lifts, the sled, etc you're getting plenty of cardio as is. 

**Daily brisk walking is a great counterpart to lifting over formal zone 2 cardio and sprints. It won't impede lifting, speeds up recovery, and can be done every day year round. Stacking 10-15K steps over  each day will yield serious calorie burn long-term.
  4. @tOoOmiiiiiii: In the meantime, I’m heading to a training session with my laptop where I’ve got everything planned out — it’s going to take me about 2.5 hours 😄 .......
  5. @MEGGY336: The devil is a liar cardio is good for u!
  6. @alliecakes112: Kim kardashian gets her body done in office and doesn’t have to think about what she eats lol We saw how they “workout” on their show 😂
I probably would’ve given this episode a chance if you just used the experts name rather than a nepo baby celebrity who has had such a negative impact on women’s beauty standards.
  7. @AlexanderBichutsky-f5s: Don't take drugs and have immoral life and you not gonna have depression and mental illness.
Cardio is not wasting of time, wasting of time is this podcast.
  8. @priscilla7420: I do cardio to have a strong heart as heart issues run in my family
  9. @priscilla7420: Why don't use the personal trainer's name in the tittle?, the Kardations dont workout they get plastic work done. Liposuction, implants...
  10. @AdelynToca: Cardio is great for healthy heart!!!! I ran everyday and loving it beside weight training
  11. @rali_sherou: Didn’t really learn anything new from this episode. It was just a general talk.
  12. @elizabethwollmann1099: Brisk walking and light jogging is amazing and has really improved in all walks of my life 3 X a week
  13. @reneaguilar1000: The strongest muscle to train is the heart … !!!!!!! Cardio is the best thing for you I am a pro runner now 41 years of age … this so called trainer knows nothing what a joke
  14. @FusilliBelgianMMastiffmix923: I love,cardio as will and I love running,just balance what your work out and goal you want..
  15. @TrailblazerBruce: It depends on what you are after, Cardio is incredible for longevity and the coronary benefits are immense, but if you just want to look slim in a dress or shirt, then sure just change your attitude towards fuel/food and implement strength training 2 to 3 times per week.
  16. @ПетрЦарик-щ2ф: Girls, do you want to look like her?
  17. @JoraineH: I wonder if Senada Greca agreed to this title coz it's a joke. I wouldn't wanna watch an interview from someone who trains someone that does so much surgeries to change their body shape, If i didnt already know Senadda was worth her salt i wouldn't be click baited. Cardio is a WASTE of time ❌ CArdiogives a WAISTE for the ages ✅
  18. @Melodie007: ❤❤
  19. @Melodie007: Great channel Jay ❤❤❤
  20. @vee-lynn: I saw her picture before reading the title and said “Is this Seneda?” I get why Kim is in the caption but give this woman her respect, she was that girl before KK

- Hansa Maa’s Personal Diet Plan | Healthy Eating Tips | My Routine Diet Plan: Kind: captions Language: en namaskar there is a question which I am frequently asked what is your daily diet well we all need food to survive we have our food body the external layer of our body which is called as annamayak ocean this food body is nourished by food and drink and that's how we get energy to do our physical work so let me tell you as you want to know about my own daily diet as soon as I wake up I drink half a glass of warm water then I do some shortship practices cleansing practices that is brushing massaging gums cleaning tongue cleaning the root of the tongue and so on after this I have a glass of warm water with half a lemon inside so I take lemon juice so I put haldi and amla powder inside and I drink it I drink this sitting in sitting position slowly slowly step by step along with it I do have tablespoon full of methi seed which is soaked over time with its water just drink it and I have five almonds which I have soaked overnight remove the skin and chew it then I have breakfast at around 8 30 in the morning here I have some dry fruits and nuts One Walnut almonds I have taken in the morning one date one thing one apricot two cash students and five raisins along with this I drink a glass of warm and diluted milk in that I put little chia seeds also I sweeten it with half a spoon of honey all these things are quite filling if there is some warm breakfast at The Institute which they have always then I take that now in morning breakfast sometimes in the house also we make something but here four to five teaspoon full of poha or small idlis two to three sometimes it is even in the house sometimes I have ragi pudding with curd or ragi with milk as a pudding sometimes I have oats little or mixed cereals little so these are my body breaks at 10 30 or 11 o'clock I have some seasonal fruits such as one small LC banana one quarter of an apple and any other seasonal fruits along with lunch at 1 30 or 2 o'clock I always have a glass of Buttermilk I eat chapati or rice little pulses like sprouted mutton Etc some seasonal vegetables such as palak methi behindi or whatever vegetable is available at around 4 4 in the evening I drink a cup of warm or diluted milk with honey with this sometimes I think if little hunger is felt then I take five to six chatas or puffed rice urmura my dinner is at 7. where I may have masala dosa idli Samba mixed vegetables soups Etc sometimes I eat pav bhaji with either bread or Paratha before bedtime at 10 30 PM I have a glass of warm water overall the meals I eat are light I eat very little little and they are very easily digestible so I never feel lethargic after eating food this is so because the quality and the quantity of food we eat directly affects not only our body but also our mind and also I eat according to my body's need and hunger at any time my advice that a person should eat right type of nourishing food for your age and the amount of physical work you do also be very very sensitive about right quantity and right quality of food this would help to maintain your well-being and person would always be high in energy namaste

  Top Comments:
  1. @theyogainstituteofficial [59 likes]: The type and amount of food that we consume has a direct impact on the state of our physical body, and consequently our mind. In this video, Hansa Maa reveals her own personal diet plan. Watch it and share it with others. Please comment below if you find it inspiring. Our goal is to make good health a priority, promote well-being and make this world a healthier place to live in.
  2. @mohanayare [2 likes]: Beauty is simplicity!👌🏻
  3. @KangoJunior: I stopped copying influencers’ diets. Healix AI helped me focus on what my body actually needs 🔬🍎
  4. @Radhakrisan-108: Madam ji 
aap toh din bhr hi khati rhete ho
Radhey Radhey 🙏
  5. @MinMaffei: Excellent content as always.
  6. @Janice-r7r: One of the most helpful videos I’ve seen.
  7. @TwoNo-n9p: Really appreciate the way you explained this.
  8. @SandraHughes-s6c: Very nicely done.
  9. @MadhuriB-i1l: Ok
  10. @prabhaharangobalakrishnan3933: Thanks for the sharing and best wishes Ji
  11. @daisysarkar__780: Thanks
  12. @bhawnamehta-se2ty: Itna time hi nhi hai 7 am to 7 pm job chalti
  13. @ShahidaAzhar-n6c: I''' Am''' '' Muslim '' I''' 'Tak' '' with''' you''' Now''' 'Aby' '' NAY I''' LAKE''' 'YOUR' '' 'progaram' '' I''' NOT''' A''' 'TIME' '' i''' 'Wrait' '' '' tafseer''' QURAN pak 'You' An Hearing Quran pak '' 'Thanks
  14. @onlinesaidasa9105: Namaste

Eating in the morning when facing east in the Sunlight powers helps the digestive and energetic process
  15. @heyitsshireen: You eat more than anyone I know of your age! Wow 😮
  16. @Verbsdescribeus: If only all the plants would be available everywhere...
  17. @sachinpandey8929: 8.30,10.30,1.30-2,4.00,7.00
  18. @rohanb3402: Your diet is all carbs that is not healthy.
  19. @fashion-f6d: Thank you hansaji for your benificial and effective tips love from Pakistan
  20. @ShivaniSuri-tf1ve: After struggling with my diet for years, Planet Ayurveda’s Diet plan has been a breath of fresh air. Feeling amazing!

- I'm 45. If you're in your 30s watch this:: Kind: captions Language: en I'm 45 and if you're in your 30s, watch this. When you hit your 40s, you're going to see two types of people. Those who took care of themselves and those who did not. Health isn't optional. In your 20s, you can get away with a lot. But in your 30s, your habits compound for better or for worse. Next, you lose 3 to 8% of muscle every decade after 30. And this rate accelerates after 60. Lifting weights is an investment in your future self. And maybe I'm getting ahead of myself, but when you lift weights, especially after the ages of 60, 70, 80, this is what keeps you functional as you age. It's way better to be the oldest person in the weight room than the youngest person in the nursing home. Number three, you are what you eat. The foods you take in are investments in your present and future energy, mood, and health. If you're feeling like look no further than the fuel you're putting into your body. And there have been plenty of studies that have been done that shows the types of nutrients that you put into your body are what contribute to either positive or negative mental health. Number four, you are also when you eat. One of the most underrated tools to getting healthy is to create the best meal schedule for you. It's a concept called circadian nutrition and it's quite simple. You would eat your final meal at least 3 to 5 hours before bed and this lets your body digest and improve the quality of your sleep. You would eat your first meal at least one to two hours upon waking to regulate your appetite, your hunger, and also to turn on your circadian rhythms. And if you want, you put a meal in between those two. And then when you do this for about 7 days, your body will start to adapt to the times that you're eating. Number five, sleep is the best performance-enhancing drug on the planet, and it's completely free. At a bare minimum, you should be aiming for at least 7 to nine hours of sleep every single night, aiming for similar sleep and wake times. And to enhance the quality of your sleep, focus on fixing your environment so you can make sleep evergreen. Most people won't admit, but when you fix your horrible sleep habits, you fix a lot of problems in life. Number six is to care about your appearance. Everyone says not to judge a book by its cover, but what do people do? They judge a book by its cover. And if you want to care about your appearance, it starts with your body, taking care of it, putting in the right foods, lifting, exercising, moving, sleeping, and then we get into the finer details, which is your haircut, the clothes that you wear. You don't need to be a fashionista. You just need to care about how you look. And then once you start doing this and start caring about your appearance, you will see that people will treat you a lot differently, and that's for the better. Number seven is to embrace new technology. When I was in my 30s, it was the internet. Now that I'm in my 40s, it's AI. Whatever the new technology is, use it as much as you can because this will put you ahead of everyone else that is not using it. Number eight is to desexualize your brain as soon as possible. One of the best things that I've ever done for my life was to quit watching porn, which I talked about in this video. And it's not just about watching porn. It's about not clicking on them Instagram Todd accounts or even right now where Elon just came out with the AI versions of these partners or people that you'll have relations with. It's weird But again, desexualize your brain. And one thing that you will do with that energy is to divert that energy into the development of self. Number nine, one of the best habits that you can ever bring into your life is to walk. Walk when you're stressed. Walk when you're angry. Walk when you need a little bit of creativity. Walk to gain clarity. Walking is the most underrated exercise on the planet. It helps you burn calories. It's accessible. It's sustainable. It improves brain function. It reduces stress. And if you're looking for a walking workout, I created a free guide on the walking workout that we use to help our clients burn belly fat. Drop a comment down below that says walk. And I'll send it to you. Number 10. Money is a great slave but a horrible master. Something you have to understand is that you want to use it to buy your freedom, not status. One of the first steps is just to clear off any consumer debt that you may have and put that as your focus. And then after that, you want to get into investing in assets and also investing in yourself. And this reminds me of a tweet uh some guy put out on X a long time ago and he said, "Buy a Rolex and go into debt if you have to." And his way of rationalizing this to himself was the fact that he attracted his mate because he had a Rolex and he also attracted more business as a result of his Rolex as well. And I have to tell you that especially if you're in your 30s, this is one of the worst things that you can do. If you attract a partner based on the clothes that you wear or the watch that you're wearing, then you are going to get exactly what you paid for. If you need to wear Rolex so you can attract more business, it also means that you lack the skills to properly persuade people to do business with you. A lot of things that people buy is just to elevate their status whether they admit it to themselves or not. And I would rather not play that game and use that money to invest in myself. Number 11, this is self-explanatory, but just stop asking advice from people who have never been where you want to be. Number 12, stop thinking it's too late. When I was 24, I had a decision on whether I would keep on climbing the corporate ladder or go into something that I loved, which was being a fitness coach. Now, this was during a time where fitness coaching is not popular as it is right now. There was no Instagram. There was no social media. And I'll tell you, at 24, I thought it was too late to switch careers. Crazy. And at the age of 30, I had the decision to stick with my job, which was being a personal trainer, which I was doing really well at, or starting my own business. And let me tell you, at 30 years old, I thought it was too late to start a business. So, let me tell you something. At 30, you're not late. You're actually early. and you finally have enough wisdom to know what matters and enough time to build it. So forget about this whole too late nonsense because at 30 you are just literally getting started. Number 13 needs to be said especially in the times that we're living in right now which is if you are easily offended you are easily manipulated. Stop taking personally. You can take this a step further by adopting a mental frame called API which is to always assume positive intent. Life is way too short to give mental energy to slight and perceived insults. And this leads me to one of the most important points of this video, number 14, where your biggest mental superpower is the ability to control your perception. Something you have to understand is that reality is not actually reality. Your perception is your reality. And your perception is trained through the people that you hang around, the environment that you're in. You are this chemistry set of these beliefs and perceptions that you have adopted in life. And if you want a better life, you need to change the lens of which you look at the world. And the way I know this is because I can take two people with the exact same background and also give them the exact same circumstances and put them through the same situation and you can get two wildly different types of perceptions in regards to that situation. What most people don't realize is that you can actually choose the perception that empowers you the most and that moves you forward. But most people don't take advantage of this. Now number 15 is the way you change your reality is to start with how you think. Your thoughts create your beliefs which lead to your actions which in turn become your reality. If you want to change your reality, look no further than your level of thinking. And you can change your thoughts. It does take effort, but you can do this. Number 16 is to stop framing things that didn't work out as a failure and frame them as an iteration. Imagine if Thomas Edison tried to create a light bulb for the first time and then he just said, "Okay, well that didn't work. I guess it's a failure." That guy had to go through 10,000 iterations to create something that we use every single day. And here's something about being successful at anything that you probably heard before. Your rate of iteration is equal to your rate of success. So if you want to succeed faster, do more experiments. Iterate faster. Number 17. Never judge a person based on what they say. judge them based on what they do. Behavior is the most accurate way of assessing character, especially when it comes to the people you allow into your life. Number 18 is to learn from people you disagree with. In one of my other videos, I talked about advice that I'd give to people in their 40s over here. And a lot of the comments came back that said, "Oh, I disagree with that one thing you said. Therefore, I stopped watching the video." And to me, this is a sign of just trying to protect your ego and staying in an echo chamber. Most times when people disagree with others, they see it as a reflection of their entire personality when it's just like one thing that they disagree with. And you will get so much farther in life when you stay objective and you allow yourself to learn from people you actually disagree with. Or you can stay in your echo chamber and keep on thinking the same thoughts over and over and over. We'll see how that works. Number 19 is not mine. It was actually from Alan Watts and it is about forgiving the four people in your life. The first one is your parents. And something that I realized, especially as I got older, was resenting the people that gave me life was like taking a poison pill and expecting them to get hurt. And after I became a parent, I became so much more appreciative of what they did. What I realized is that every single generation and every single type of family, they all deal with different and they all come with different tools and it's on us to accept it and forgive them. And you don't have to hang around them, especially if you don't like them. But it will release a lot of resentment and anger which will be freed up energy for you to do what you want. Next one is the people you once loved who didn't stay. This could be your exes. It could be others. But essentially we don't want to be carrying around the burden of always thinking back to these people we once had relations with. You got to learn and just move on. Third one is people who actually wronged you. And the last one is going to be yourself. And forgiveness is this thing where you allow yourself to let go of the resentment. The more you hold on to these resentments, the more it just holds you back and the more it just makes you angry. I'm always optimizing for becoming the best version of myself. And one of the things that I have to learn is to learn from those situations, forgive and just move on. Number 20. If you want better results in life, look at the people you surround yourself with. And if they don't match the reality you want to build, unfortunately, you're going to have to find a better group. Which actually leads me to the next point. Number 21. You become smarter by being the dumbest person in the room. You become fitter by being the least fit person in the gym. We have to stop protecting our egos and actually get around people who are levels ahead of us. And something I realized by continually doing this in my life is that you just level up by process of osmosis. You see how they act. You see how they think. You see how they behave. And then when you hang around people who are behaving and thinking at a level higher than you, you will start to adopt that same level inside of your own life. Number 22. Most people think that a great life is about money, cars, and houses. When the reality is is that a great life is actually based on things that money can't buy, which is doing a job that you love doing, being healthy, having a great family, having great relationships. If there's one thing I'm always focused on is making sure I don't overindex on these external measures of success and index way heavily on the ones that create a fulfilling life. Number 23. A great life comes from focusing on the right constraints. And from my experience, you have two constraints that you should focus on with two wildly different strategies. Constraint number one is the bottleneck. So what is the one thing that holds you back from achieving the thing that you want? We want to go in and we want to fix that. We want to subordinate everything so we can make that the priority and then once you fix it then you will be one step closer to achieving the thing that you want. Something I realized watching the greatest entrepreneurs on the planet is they're not necessarily focused on adding more things. They're actually looking at optimizing and removing these bottlenecks and these constraints. So success is actually less about addition and more about subtraction. Now the second type of constraint is to place one in your life that helps you uphold your values. Do you want to build a successful business? Well, can you get home at 5:00 every single night so you can have dinner with your family? That is the constraint. Can you maintain your health while building that business? That is another constraint. What the second level constraints do is they uphold the things that mean the most to you while you're achieving this thing, which is super fun. And then this is actually what makes a full life. Number 24 is to use the three levels of learning. So level one is consumption. It's what you're doing right now. And this is the shallowest of all levels of learning. Level two is application. This turns knowledge into actual experience. And level three is teaching. It's what I'm doing to you right now. This turns experience into wisdom. When you apply all three, you are able to learn things at a deeper level. Number 25 is to understand that your emotions are your responsibility. Something I wish they taught in high school or even my own house was the ability to manage my emotions. And I remember sometimes I would even get into arguments with my wife and I would be like, "You made me feel this way." She would always correct me, which I love because of the fact that I'm the one that is feeling that. I'm the one that actually created that feeling. I should not blame that feeling on anyone else. Maybe they're a part of it, but if I'm to take responsibility, I'm the person that felt that. So the second part is understanding how to manage our emotions. And this is actually something that we're trying to teach our daughters right now because you are a human being. You will feel emotions. So why not learn a system that helps you manage them instead of blaming them on everyone else? Which leads me to 26, which is to take ownership of every single result in your life. This means getting away from victimhood mentality. It may not be your fault, but it's always your responsibility. And when you blame others, you lose agency. You give them power. Personal power means to avoid blaming others for that's happening in your own life. Number 27 is to be a goal-driven individual. Your mind is a goal seeking machine and most times people give it the wrong goals. You need something to focus on. You need a goal or it will be given to you. So when I first became a trainer, I was trying to move up the ranks and I was listening and reading all the articles I could and there was an article by Paul Czech who by the way is one of the most legendary fitness coaches on the planet and it was about goal setting. And at the end of it he said that people are more likely to achieve their goals if they write them down. He had an action step where he said, "Hey, write down 20 goals. See exactly what happens." Nothing was really going for me at that time. So, I decided to give it a shot. I wrote down my 20 goals. Some of them were just wildly outside of my reality, which was like to be the top trainer at that gym. Once I wrote it down, I put it in my desk and just completely forgot about it. About 6 months later, I happened to open up the drawer of my desk and then I see this piece of paper which has my 20 goals. I end up picking up this paper, pulling it out, and I'm looking at the goals, and I'm crossing out at least like half of that list. One of them was to be the top trainer at my gym. And that was my first taste of what goal setting can do for you. And since then, I've refined my process where I can literally take the biggest goals that I've ever thought about and make them into realistic steps. And I'll tell you what my system is right now so you can copy it. You start with a three-year vision. I think one of the best books around creating a vision for yourself is called Vivid Vision by Cameron Herald. And he takes you through the step on how to create that three-year vision. Once you set that three-year vision, you're going to break it down into a oneyear goal. You're going to ask yourself, what do I have to do this year in order to get myself closer to the vision? Then you're going to break that one-year goal down into quarterly projects. And those quarterlys are broke down into monthly tasks. And those tasks are broken into weekly tasks. And those tasks are scheduled inside of my calendar to be done every single day. One of the things that I've done is make sure that I knock down at least three of those tasks so I can keep on moving forward. Whenever we're thinking about creating any kind of result in our life, we have to start at the end and work our way back. And then once you can make a goal look like a reality and create the tasks and the steps to get there, you're going to realize that every single thing that we want in life is attainable. Now, this leads me to number 28, which is the paradox, the antithesis to what I just said. So, when you set a goal, that becomes the destination. Think about it as creating the destination on a GPS. Once that is created, you know exactly what it is. After that, you must focus on the process. And I'll throw something in there. See ways in which you can have fun doing the process. And I'll tell you right now, which is something that you realize probably by attaining some of the goals in your life where you don't really feel happy once you attain the goal. The happiness was the striving. The happiness was the pushes, the work that you were doing, the process. So, one of my favorite rappers, his name is Russ. He has a line that says, "I enjoy the climb. I don't care where the summit is." And this is what encapsulates this point. When you focus hard on each and every step, you end up making the journey way more fun and exciting. And then this allows you to play an infinite game where you're getting the most joy out of doing the process and doing the work as opposed to achieving attainment. Now 29 is achieving goal is not about gaining things. It's actually about becoming the person who attracts the goal as a result of who they are. A goal changes you. It levels you up. You literally cannot be the same person achieving a bigger goal than you were before that. You need new behaviors. You need new ways of thinking. So as you are doing this journey, as you're on this process, focus on the behaviors that it would take for you to attain this goal and then keep on repeating those over and over and over until they become who you are. Now number 30 is something that a mentor told me which has stuck with me to this day. The shortcut is the long path. The long path is the shortcut. Think of all the times you tried to lose weight as quickly as possible. Think of all the times that you tried to get money as quickly as possible. How did those things end up? The thing about chasing shortcuts is you take away the skills that you need in order to just keep the result that you are trying to attain in the first place. When it comes to getting things in life, you want to choose the long path because it is always going to be the shortest. Number 31, the three most important decisions you're going to make is what you do, who you do it with, which means like who you partner up with and also where you live. And when you think about these three things, they are where you're going to be spending your most time. So, you must make those decisions wisely. Second last one right here is going to be the formula for success. And I swear to you, if you follow this and you apply this to anything you want in life, you will be ahead of 90% of people who don't. Step one is to show up. Show up when you're motivated. Show up when you're not motivated. Show up when you're feeling it. Show up when you're not feeling it. Just this step alone puts you ahead of 80% of people who only show up when they feel like doing it. Step two, when you're there, do the work. It sounds easy, but there's a difference between deep work and shallow work. You want to remove all distractions and focus in on what you are doing. Put full attention on the work you need to do, and you will be rewarded with riches. And the last step, which is the most overlooked part, is to look for ways to improve. So, you can be showing up, you can be doing the work, but if you're showing up and doing the work on the wrong things, then you're not necessarily going to move forward. It is why I have adopted a mindset of canai, which is constant and neverending improvement. You can always look for ways to get better at anything you do. I've used this formula to get myself in shape, to build businesses, to grow on social media. It is simple, but don't take it for easy. And I swear, apply this part to your life and you will be way ahead of everyone else that doesn't. And here's the final one. People overestimate what they can do in 6 weeks, but they underestimate what they can do in a year. Imagine all those things that you just quit because it got a little bit too hard and you stuck with it for a full year. You would be way ahead of where you are and you'll probably be very surprised at what you accomplish. My biggest regrets in life come from not doing the thing when I should have done it. Something you may not know about me is that I started a YouTube channel 15 years ago and I was just posting sporadically and then it got to a point where I'm like, I'm not getting anything out of this. I might as well just quit. And I look back on that with regret because if I just kept at it for a full year, I'd probably be way past where I am at this very moment. I know hindsight's 2020, but still, while everyone is trying to give you these shortcuts and these short time horizons, get rich quick, get fit quick, whatever it is, adopt a mindset of I'll do it for as long as it takes. Want to get myself to a specific shape? As long as it takes. Want to build a business? As long as it takes. What this mindset does is it allows you to make mistakes. It allows you to not try to be perfect. It allows you not to go all or nothing. So instead of giving yourself 6 weeks or 6 months or whatever, give yourself a full year to really attract this level of success that you want in your life. I promise you this is one of the best ways to avoid regret. So when you're watching this, I want you to remember to not take my word on any of this. I am a person on the internet who has experienced all the things that I just talked about. Stress testies in your own life. And as Bruce Lee said, absorb what is useful and reject what is useless. And that is my cue to stop right there. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @coachdango [479 likes]: Drop a comment below and let me know which one hit the hardest for you?
  2. @TestChannelWow-bh7ys [1 likes]: Agree with everything except the Rolex. Buy it while you still have time left to experience things in your life and build sentimental value to it. Nothing is more lame than someone passing on a watch to your kids that you bought at like 65 years old.
  3. @tyrants3062 [1 likes]: The gym breaks you, tai chi heals you
  4. @JayMart15-q6w [1 likes]: Most men in their 30s and 40's work full time jobs and many have families. Getting 9 hours of sleep is unrealistic. Full time youtubers and fitness youtubers who have the luxury of getting good sleep need to stop peddling it to everyday working people who have to either work overtime or two jobs just to maintain.
  5. @iam_Jaia: Thank you for this video! It is not too late to do my business. I have been punishing myself mentally for taking business break 5years ago, I regretted it for a long time. Now it’s time to face it without feeling too late.
  6. @Rajmodgil: Walk
  7. @choopte6642: Walk
  8. @phoenixjeanx: Walk
  9. @jakestone1965: walk
  10. @scottsummers7599: Walk
  11. @biiGDawgBiiG: I’m 24. In watching this because I want a head start. So many people my age that are still gambling and wasting money and not having a clear action plan of what they want to do, while I have been grinding for what I love for over 5 years now. I always thought I was missing out on knowledge because I have been really unorganized and in much need of a plan and how to break things down to reach my goals that I have NOW. Thank you and this is why I follow. I’ll be coming to your area I believe in June I’d love to talk more @coachdango
  12. @ameliahaddow2252: Thanks ❤🎉
  13. @stephenellrod1571: walk
  14. @jonathanaviles4791: Great video I know you know this . What books do you recommend
  15. @LEPicha-l8u: Walk
  16. @henryoseiowusu1326: Walk
  17. @Daveighna: First time here! I'm 26. I already do some of this stuff! However, I still have to improve some sides of my life! That's a great video! Thank you so much!❤️💙
  18. @taserddrone8344: Walk
  19. @meltemkural9969: Walk 🏃🏻‍♀️‍➡️
  20. @Dblackmon1993: I just dont know how to desexualize my brain, i workout 2 hours per day, i eat healthy, i sleep pretty good...everything. i think about sex daily, every minute, every hour and i domt watch porn🤦‍♂️

- Create A Daily Health Building Routine. Being Healthy Is Wealthy.: Kind: captions Language: en hey you guys what's going on everyone welcome to my channel my name is kiapa welcome back to my tribe you guys what's going on everyone i know it is late today and i am out here on my walk so i just wanted to come talk to you guys really quick about taking time out to exercise um and it doesn't have to be like go to the gym or anything like that but i actually like to just come outside and go for a walk my walk sometimes last like hours you guys it just depends on what type of mood i am in and if i have braylon with me or the dog so i like it normally when i'm just by myself but they like to come too um but sometimes like just to get a piece of mind just to clear my thoughts and just you know just to have some time to myself i'll just get out of here and go home and it really does help me with like just clearing my head honestly a long time ago i started working out i would go to the gym and then i would stop and what i noticed is that when i stopped i will always find myself like not necessarily depressed but stuff would get to me a lot easier in between me like when i start working out basically and so now i just made sure to take the time out to do it i don't do um i don't exercise every day necessarily but i will come out here and do like a 30 minute to an hour walk now like i say when i'm with my son we only walk into or he'll ride his bike but we're only going until he gets tired or if i get tired of like trying to handle the dog cause normally i had a dog with me when we are out and it's a little more distracting when they are with me but if you having like a bad day or even before the day get bad set yourself up to just get out and go outside for a morning while if you can i know some people have work and it depends on how early your job depending on how early he had to be at your job you might not be able to go in the morning um for a while but you might be able to go do something at the house just to get your you know energy pumping but i um going for morning walks and stuff that was something that i really wanted to have a part of my life like being able to get up in the morning do my exercise what is that hold on i don't know what my camera doing but yeah i wanted to be able to have the kind of life where i could get up have time to go you know get my morning workout again then get my day started so that's kind of to why entrepreneurship works for me and um a lot better than being an employee because i have more control over my health as far as exercise go because i know when i was working on a regular basis especially in that or like i would have to be to work so early and sometimes i would like when i was real real motivated i would get up before work sometimes and start working out but the truth is when you have it's harder for me to get up earlier when you already got to be somewhere like five or six o'clock in the morning and so i would try to do it in the afternoon and then afternoon you got like at this point my son was still in school sometimes like regular school so i would have homework and you know it was just a lot so i remember thinking when i was trying to create like when i thought about how i wanted my life to look like what type of job i wanted or whatever how i wanted my daily how i wanted my yeah my day today to look like i'm trying to figure out why that post office sure was right there but so anyways when i was constructing or designing my day exercise in the morning was on there and basically being you know having the flexibility of the location but the whole point of this video is for me to tell y'all to get out here it don't matter what time of day it is if you got the time just to get out here and just walk a little bit and um it'll help with you like i say uh with clearing your thoughts with having a clear thought process and it'll also help you with your creativity if you like in the business or you want to be in like if you got a business that you're working on or something like that it just seemed like when i'm out here on my walk if i'm not like reporting you know like if i could just actually be out here i walk then it's super relaxing but right now like it's kind of chaotic because it's busy out here and i'm walking and it's sorry but and i'm recording but it's all good like i ain't tripping i just wanted to come bring you guys this video real quick so i can post it for today but it still was something that was on my heart because i was like you know wealth doesn't always look like money because you can have all the money in the world and if you unhealthy you can't spend it you can't enjoy it you just you know you just got this money and you stuck at the house you know whatever and so get out do about 30 minutes of exercise just walking and honestly it's kind of like a gateway thing because what will happen is like you might start working out or walking for 30 minutes and then what you're going to start doing is drinking more water because you know you're thirsty you don't been working out so then then you're gonna start telling yourself like since i'm already walking maybe i can't eat a salad like that's just one way to get started to a healthier lifestyle i'm not saying you got to stop eating meat and all that other stuff i'm just saying do little things that you can do to improve your life and because that's a part of world building as well it's not just about the money yeah the money is great but like i say if you can't get up and enjoy the money then what's the point of having it so i just want to share that with you guys i'm a little bit tired so i'mma just focus on my walk because i do want to kind of walk a little bit faster since this i mean it's already dark but i don't want to be out here when it's light super late so i'ma just focus on my walk and i hope you guys enjoyed the video if you do please like share comment and subscribe get out and watch for 30 minutes you guys even if you only do it like two or three times a week you'll build it'll just it'll start being something you want to do because you'll start noticing your mind is able to be clear you can start putting your thoughts together different thoughts start popping into your head and so just take the time out for yourself it's a form of self-love and get out here and get some of this you know this exercise all right you guys i'll see you guys on the next video bye

- 10 HIGH MAINTENANCE beauty habits that will make you look LOW MAINTENANCE: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to let you in on a little clean girl secret. Looking effortless does not mean no effort. Those girls you see on Pinterest and Instagram who look like they just woke up like that, yeah, they actually have very high maintenance routines. But that's the whole illusion. Being highmaintenance to look lowmaintenance. The secret is doing all the prep work ahead of time so that your daily maintenance can just be autopilot. So, I'm going to break down the 10 highmaintenance beauty habits that you should do if you want to look lowmaintenance every day. But before you start stressing out about how timeconuming it's going to be, these habits only take an additional 5 to 10 minutes. So they're very realistic and easy to fit into your daily schedule. Because as an extremely busy person who runs her own business, trust me, I don't have time to be doing the most either. But these habits have been in my routine for such a long time and they have definitely made my beauty easier. Number one is gouacha. This is one of those things that people say doesn't work, but the problem is they don't do it consistently. And duh, that's kind of the point. But not everyone wants to be consistent, and it kind of shows. With any sort of facial massage, or really any type of facial treatment, you're not going to achieve long-lasting results after doing it just once. But doing this every single day for a long period of time will actually affect the appearance of your face. Genetically, I have a baby face, so I have tried to find so many ways to slim down this part, but nothing I found compares to gouacha. It will give you that subtly sculpted and lifted look without needing surgery or Botox. Plus, facial massage has so many other benefits like improving circulation, skin tone, product absorption. And this is not some trendy beauty hack like facial massage dates back to thousands of years ago. So, if our ancestors swear by it, it's legit. I like to gouacha in the morning because I normally wake up with a puffy face and my entire gouacha routine only takes me like 5 minutes. I like to use any kind of serum first so that the tool can just glide easily and then I start with the sides of my face up the neck and then the decllete. After doing this for so many years, I have definitely noticed a huge difference in how defined my facial structure looks. It takes almost no time and it will make you look so awake and fresh. On the topic of improving circulation, your body can also hold on to excess fluid, specifically lymph fluid or cellular waste. And this is why sometimes you might feel puffy or swollen even though you haven't really changed anything. So this is why I really love dry brushing my skin. This is really great for exfoliating dead skin cells, improving circulation, and lymphatic drainage. This only takes a couple minutes, but with consistency, you will notice a huge difference in your body texture. This has really helped a lot with my keratossis polaris on my arms, which is essentially when your skin builds up too much keratin and then it creates these little bumps or chicken skin. Again, because this is really good at exfoliating, it helps to reduce the bumps here and just makes my skin a lot softer. And after I shower and apply my body oil, my skin looks insane. It also just feels really good. It makes my skin warm and it's like a little massage. I mean, who doesn't like to be pampered? Before I use this, I like to just massage my lymph nodes. You have lymph nodes in special areas of your body, like your neck and then your armpits. So, I'll just massage those for like a minute. And then I start with like my feet and then I work up to like my arms and like my chest. And with this, you're supposed to brush towards your heart. So, I'll start with the bottom of my feet and then I'll just work my way up. They also sell different variations of this. So, you can find one that has softer bristles or firmer bristles. Some of them they have handles, but I'll link the one I have in the description if you want to check it out. One of my favorite highmaintenance habits to stay lowmaintenance is laser hair removal at home. And I've been using the Ulike Air10 for my at home treatments. This uses IPL or intense pulseed light, which is a clinically approved hair removal method that targets the melanin inside hair follicles. It uses a powerful and safe spectrum of light to reduce visible hair without damaging the skin. Because this works by targeting melanin, its effectiveness is based on the ratio between melanin in the skin and in the hair. I absolutely love IPL compared to other hair removal methods because it is so quick, so painless, and the results are super long-lasting. I used to only shave, but I've cut myself so many times with a razor and then I'll get those stubborn ingrown hairs after. And because I have pretty thick hair, I will literally start to see the hair grow back the same day. It's like, damn, can I just get 24 hours with no hair? Like, is that so much to ask for? I've done waxing, too, but it can be pretty painful, especially if you have a lower pain tolerance. I've also done traditional laser hair removal, but it's so expensive and you have to physically go to a clinic multiple times to see results. So, that is why I absolutely love using the UL Like IPL device. It has ice cooling technology, so it's very soothing on the skin. It's nearly painless. Like, I can barely feel it. and it is super quick and easy to use. Of course, with any beauty device, consistency is key. Similar to laser, IPL works gradually. For the first four weeks, they advise you to use it every other day. And then after that, you only have to use it one to two times per month for maintenance. Just to show you guys my progress, this was my armpit before using the device. And mind you, this was right after I shaved, but you can still see the stubble. And this is it now after using the Ulike Air10. Such a big difference. My underarms are so smooth. And the best part is the results last such a long time. The Air10 is 65% more powerful than some of their previous models with a special SHR mode that delivers four flashes per shot, making this more effective at removing that stubborn hair in the underarm and bikini area. This is the best highmaintenance to stay lowmaintenance habit that I do. It is a,000% worth it, and I love that I can just do it in the comfort of my own home. Thank you so much to Ulite for sponsoring this video and there's no commission code, so the best offer to get is on their website. I'll put the link below. Number four is a consistent skincare routine. Everyone talks about skincare. Everyone's obsessed with skincare. But when it comes to having an effective and consistent skincare routine, the wheels fall off. We are so obsessed with buying and trying new stuff that it's causing more problems for our skin. It does not matter if you have three products in your routine or a hundred. If you're not using the right ones or applying them consistently, you're not going to see the results you want. It took a lot of trial and error to figure out what works for my skin. But once I did, I stopped trying all the new stuff and I just stuck with my current lineup. And doing that has improved my skin more than any singular product. When it comes to my skincare routine, I do it twice a day, every day without fail. You would have to put me in a coma for me not to do my skincare. I've even done my skincare drunk. Okay? That's how dedicated I am. Because leaving your skin dirty or dehydrated is going to quickly cause problems. So, never skip your skincare routine. I don't care how tired you are. Stick to the products that work for you and don't try to switch it up all the time. I promise, give it 6 to 8 weeks and you will see a massive difference in your skin. High maintenance tip number five is scalp massages. Listen, scalp care in general is severely underrated. Everyone only cares about their hair, but your hair originates from your scalp. So, we should really be taking care of this first. If you want to have healthier, thicker, shinier hair, you need to massage your scalp. Massaging your head increases blood flow, which nourishes the follicle and makes your hair grow. It also just relieves tension and headaches, which I experience very frequently. You can just use your hands to massage, but I like using this silicone scalp massager in the shower. I will shampoo my hair first and then use this all over and really work the product in. And I noticed that my hair just stays cleaner for longer when I use this. Oh, it just feels so good. I really needed this. Let me tell you, a healthy scalp is truly the secret to loweffort good hair days. Speaking of hair, I am also a big advocate for blow drying it after you wash it. I consider this high maintenance because I feel like most people just let their hair air dry, and I used to do that, too. But air drying leaves your hair wet for long periods of time, making it more prone to damage, frizz, and dryness. Now, before you say that using heat on your hair is bad, not always. Heat damage depends on how much heat you're applying to your hair. So, yeah, if your curling iron is 500°, of course, it's going to damage your hair. But blow drying from a distance will actually make your hair shinier, smoother, and last longer between washes. When I used to air dry my hair, I noticed that it would get greasier a lot faster. But now when I blow dry, I can actually go 2 to 3 days without having to rewash or restyle it. I also have a very frizzy hair type. Like it's straight, but it's puffy at the same time. I don't know how to explain it. So to me, blow drying has helped just maintain the frizz. And once my hair is tame, my life just feels so much easier and I can focus on other things. Number seven is teeth whitening. As some of you know by now, I take my oral hygiene very seriously because even if you brush your teeth, floss, all that good stuff. If you got butter, yellow teeth, people are just going to assume your breath stink. Teeth whitening is high maintenance and it can be a pain upfront, but it will 100% elevate your face and your smile, and that's the best part about you. But for me, I don't have the budget nor the time to go get my teeth whitened professionally. So, I just use the teeth whitening strips you can buy at the store. I don't do it every day, but if I have a special event, I'll just throw one on, and it makes my teeth so much brighter. It's like a little confidence boost. Other things I do to keep my teeth white is I just brush them properly with an electric toothbrush. And I stay away from coffee, wine, or smoking because those can all stain your teeth. Okay, this next beauty habit is very, very niche, but I promise it will change your life. Number eight is wearing mouth tape to sleep. This is both a beauty tip and a sleep tip. If you're like me and you normally sleep with your mouth wide open, this is what I learned about that. Sleeping with your mouth open can cause mouth dryness, bacterial growth, bad breath, and gum disease. On top of that, if your mouth is a gape for 8 hours every day, this will affect how your facial bones develop, and you might give yourself a receding chin. So, mouth taping at night forces you to breathe through your nose, and this helps with sleep quality, reduces morning puffiness, improves facial posture, and even makes your skin look better long term. I know this is a very weird highmaintenance habit, but I've been doing it for a couple months now, and I do notice that my face looks a lot more snatched. Plus, I've also stopped drooling, so thank God. Number nine is red light therapy. This habit definitely feels the most extra and bougie. like you will look like an alien. But red light therapy has so many positive benefits for the skin. It is talked about in every single wellness podcast, magazine, blog, and it's scientifically backed. So again, this is not a woo concept. How it works is that red light carries specific wavelengths of red and infrared light to the skin. And these wavelengths penetrate the skin and interact with cell mitochondria, which then trigger a bunch of biological responses. Some of these responses include stimulating collagen, reducing inflammation, and promoting healing. And when you use a serum with red light therapy, all those antioxidants and vitamins are able to penetrate deeper into the skin and have a stronger effect. There are so many LED masks on the market now, but not all of them are high quality or effective. So, if you're going to do it, you want to get one that has the right wavelengths. For red light, it's usually like 600 to 650 nanome. And you have to make sure that it has enough LED bulbs in the mask itself. Basically, the more LEDs, the more effective light coverage you'll have. My favorite masks are the current body one and then the Shark Cryoglow mask. I'll also link these below if you're interested in checking them out, but I'm not being sponsored by them. I just love to share my recommendations with you. Number 10 is a minimal daily makeup routine. I consider makeup high maintenance because doing a full beat every day is kind of crazy to me. But just a minimal everyday makeup routine that you can do in 5 minutes will seriously elevate your look and make you feel more put together. But the secret to getting that true clean girl look and not clogging your pores is in the products you use. Obviously, you don't need to use a full coverage foundation every day. Just a tinted moisturizer, a little bit of concealer, brow gel, and lip balm is enough. Trust me, this will make it look like you spent so much more time on your face than you actually did. And honestly, just taking a little bit of time for yourself can totally transform how you feel. Like to be real, I do feel more confident and put together when I have a little bit of makeup on. I just feel more prepared and ready for my day. So find the right products for you and curate your own 5-minute routine. But if you don't like wearing makeup or you don't want to wear makeup everyday, then don't do it. Obviously, you know what's best for you. The secret to looking lowmaintenance is not about doing the most every day, but it's actually putting in a little bit of effort ahead of time so that your everyday routine can feel effortless. If you found this helpful and you want to try adding some of these habits into your beauty routine, just stick with one or two. Do not try to overhaul your entire life. The whole point of this is to make your life simpler, not overwhelming. As always, if you want more videos like this, then please take a second to like and subscribe. It's the best way to support the channel and grow our little community. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @allison_baek [104 likes]: Which of these 10 habits would you actually do?? 👀
  2. @hnewmie [5 likes]: 27 and been chasing skincare since I had all over acne in my teens. I’ve been derma rolling, dry brushing, suction cupping, lemon juice toning, gua shua recently with last pregnancy, and much more. I’ve gotten compliments on my skin over the years with hopes of not looking like a yoghurt covered raisin in about 20 from now
  3. @Macarenabrasilia358 [1 likes]: Eres ondulada y tú cabello lo asume, solo faltas tú🤷🏻‍♂️
Abrazo 🫂 
Desde Chile 🇨🇱 
Cariños 💖
  4. @Julia-ox1eo [1 likes]: Girls if you have that bumpy skin on your arms dry brushing actually helps!! I started using it just for exfoliation and noticed that the bumps were GONE literally after a couple of uses
  5. @BellaCarnegie [1 likes]: what oil do you recommend I use before gua sha?
  6. @sarahkatecre8 [1 likes]: Does anyone else struggle with a silicone scalp brush? It grips to my hair alot maybe Im using it wrong
  7. @Kimiaette: Why have u made ur faces this white? Don u think it’s just better and easier to accept u are not white?
  8. @Briannalayne-u5d: definately works
  9. @angelaanastasellis9796: Mouth taping is ridiculous 😒 what if your nose gets blocked and you unalive yourself because you worried about your face. Do you but don't spread BS dangerous things. I mean do you morph into Hannibal Lector at night. Gosh you genz are whack.
  10. @ivory3851: I want to look HIGH MAINTENANCE with low maintenance please
  11. @candycrushrr: Ipl quick?! Girl pls….do they Sponsor you?
  12. @GranierBruffee: Your skin is literally glowing!
  13. @bananabeavis: 12:55 watching this whilst doing a full beat
  14. @LinhhNguyễn-h4w: How long did it take before you saw a noticeable change in your face shape from guasha?
  15. @SouToukal: All you need to do is love yourself for who you are ✨. And just a note, if you don't have gua sha, you can use your fingers; they're really effective.
  16. @rosiehmqt: Thank you so much for this! Truthfully, I am coming out of a depressed state and had given up on a lot of these habits. It's nice to get some inspiration to take better care of me. And, the at home light and IPL therapy are so exciting to know about! ☺️✨️🪷🦋
  17. @itsannarova: Amazing video - thank you! Bought the guasha and the scalp brush!
  18. @AliyasAffirmations: Hello ❤️

I have made a special subliminal affirmations video to help you think your way to more beauty and youthfulness!


https://youtu.be/gTRfsscZd5w?si=UBHxVZxztsn9nFLA
  19. @angelashoson8900: Thank you for this breakdown
  20. @beyzacelik1330: Coffee=me
Me=coffee otherwise how am i gonna stay awake 😢

- These 10 Habits Will Change Your Life | Daily Morning & Night Habits | Motivational Video: Kind: captions Language: en namaskar our habits either make us or break us if you want to grow in your life live a best possible life and then break out of your negative habits if you want to know what habits can help you then try some of these 10 super habits number one use two minutes rule to deal with little tasks don't let tasks accumulate if anything takes less than two minutes do it immediately make this habit and you will see that you are saving time and not losing time second to get up and move see human beings were not meant to sit on chair for eight to ten hours a day every day move stretch your muscles even when you are at work every 90 minutes stretch your body for a minute or you can go for a quick two minutes walk this will do wonders for your body and mind third give yourself deadlines when you give yourself deadline you give yourself a goal this will train your mind to get things done this will train you to value your time begin by setting weekly deadlines for tasks and slowly give monthly and yearly deadlines for your goals this will create the daily habits for success fourth read more reading lets you explore and discover the world and its possibility without moving from your chair read 10 pages daily for a year and see how much you will grow in a year fifth eat better you are what you eat write down all that you eat in a day in a notebook for two days you will see for yourself how much what you eat is harmful for you then you will really begin the journey of eating better sixth talk to yourself well for 10 days make it a challenge to say only nice things about yourself to yourself whenever you see yourself saying negative just remind yourself of the 10 days challenge on the 11th day you will see yourself as a much better person 7th avoid multitasking whenever your mind goes into a mental low about multiple tasks say a weird word like monkey mind or anything this word will remind you to get caught in the mind's multitasking games remember focus on what you are doing to get it done well eight be selectively social limit your social circle only to people who make you feel good about yourself spend time with those who you can learn from and those who inspire you to do more ninth take calculated risk there is no growth without risk if you are scared of risk you will live scared of life so begin by taking small risk every day do something that is uncomfortable for you every day like waking up earlier or talking to someone with whom you fought with do this daily and develop your risk appetite 10. wake up early try by waking up 10 minutes earlier than your usual time the next day wake up 10 minutes earlier than you did today keep doing all this and you will notice how much more time you have for yourself you feel rich on time you feel you can do many such interesting things because you have time and that would make life so beautiful

  Top Comments:
  1. @theyogainstituteofficial [23 likes]: Have you always been striving to become a healthier and better version of yourself? Practice these healthy habits and you will achieve your goals. Share this video with like-minded people and post your valuable comments here. Our goal is to make good health a priority, promote well-being and make this world a healthier place to live in.
  2. @sangamnagarikisandhya [3 likes]: ❤❤❤
  3. @anilrekhi2774 [2 likes]: Thanks Mam
  4. @Vishal_rana722 [2 likes]: Amazing, needed such videos 👍
  5. @ArifHussain-j1v [2 likes]: ❤ beautifull...
  6. @goutamkarmakar8049 [1 likes]: respect 🙏🙏🙏
  7. @Royalabhiha: Mam I feel  un comfortable with my mom only feeling like discriminating can u give any suggestion to it
  8. @Healthandnutritionexpert: Thank you for this teaching ma
  9. @wellbodisalone: Habits are the bridge between goals and results.
  10. @patrickddorai: Very neat and well explained.
  11. @patrickddorai: Clear and easy to follow.
  12. @mehtabalammehtabalam6669: Thanks ❤❤❤❤
  13. @WelliumSexpear: One of the best videos I’ve seen.
  14. @BeFitandHealthy808: Nice
  15. @LaxmanKisku-j4d: A few weeks ago, I was chatting with a friend about how manifesting never seemed to work for me. I’d tried so many methods but still felt stuck. We heard about a book called Manifest and Receive by Eva Hartley on a podcast, and I was hesitant at first. But after reading just a few chapters, I realized how much I was missing. Eva's approach is so different from anything I’ve ever tried. It’s not just about thinking positive, it’s about aligning with real-world actions that bring your desires into reality. Now, I’ve manifested opportunities I never imagined possible, and my mindset has shifted completely. If you’re frustrated like I was, don’t hesitate. Read this book. It will change everything ❤
  16. @Misterrahish: If you're reading this right now, I just want to say; I'm rooting for you. We’re strangers, but that doesn’t mean I don’t care. I know what it’s like to feel like you're pushing a boulder uphill. I felt that way until I picked up Manifest and Receive by Eva Hartley. I can’t explain it perfectly, but it changed my whole perspective. Since then, things have been flowing—money, peace, confidence. Maybe this is your moment too. Stay open. Wishing you more than you ever imagined. 💫💰
  17. @ArjunInvati-ej6ou: Everyone who reads this, we don’t know each other and probably never will, but I wish you all the best in life and all the luck in the world. If you’re struggling right now, trust me—I know exactly how that feels. I spent years working hard but never really getting ahead. I thought success was all about effort, but I was missing something bigger. That changed the moment I read Manifest and Receive by Eva Hartley. I don’t know how to explain it, but my income doubled in just a few months, and for the first time, I feel like I truly understand how wealth works. If you’re reading this, maybe you were meant to. Wishing you all abundance and success. 💰✨
  18. @sivadev.s: Honestly, it breaks my heart how Manifest and Receive by Eva Hartley isn’t getting the attention it deserves. This book changed me. People need to wake up to this.
  19. @ZenWithFlo: Very nice!
  20. @padmajaramesh7168: I am from Chennai. Madam if possible why dont you take online yoga classes fir stress relief, anxiety which most people face today

- 7 Habits of Top 1% Women: Kind: captions Language: en we've all had one of those friends never broke never shy always looking flawless succeeding in every aspect of their life but what if I told you it's not luck it's not genetics and is almost certainly not waking up at 5:00 a.m. drinking a celery juice and journaling in your 50 notebook we can all be that woman because the truth is the women who actually set themselves apart the 1% women live by a completely different set of rules and today I'm breaking down the seven habits that make the biggest difference using science hello if you are new here then my name is Fay I'm a doctor working in London and now my life runs like a well-oiled machine however that was absolutely not the case I have failed I have flopped I have fallen flat on my face and documented every single step of the way in hopes that I can help others not flop in the same way by being obsessed with the psychology and science behind self-development and living a happier healthier life so if that sounds like a little bit of you then the Subscribe button is just down there so habit number one we need to talk about the power Pierce and I do not think there is another habit that is as important as this one I'm about to talk about because you can definitely become a top 1% woman without the genetics however if you have mommy and daddy's money to fall back on then that definitely helps unfort fortunately I was not blessed with the bank of M and dad and I also think that by not coming from a wealthy background there's also huge disadvantages in the way money is talked about and the attitudes that you grow up having about money Financial Empowerment is crucial for women and we've come so far since the first time women were allowed credit cards in the 60s but we still have so much further to go the wealthiest most successful women don't just just save money have you seen the regular interest rates on savings accounts at the moment no no no no no they make their money work for them in their sleep when they're at work when they're out enjoying themselves their money is growing without them having to lift a finger and to do that they educate themselves financially so they know exactly the best and safest way to move with power in this Dreadful economy a 2024 study by Fidelity in Investments actually revealed that 71% of women now own investments in the stock market an 18% increase from the previous year this uptick is significant yet the challenges still remain studies show that women on average are actually better investors than men because they take a more strategic long-term approach but they also invest less often use to lack of confidence or financial education I also think this is a really important topic especially especially in the age where Trad lives are making a comeback stop seeing money as a way to buy luxuries but your ticket to a life of comfort and security having the stability to leave a marriage you hate or a job that is burning you to the ground I know it's overwhelming but I strongly feel as though this culture around it being rude and Unbecoming to talk about money is meant to keep women and anyone who doesn't come from a privileged background away from learning about money so they are stuck but to help with the overwhelm we're going to start small read a book on investing do a skillshare class on budgeting stop saying that you are bad with money you're not you just haven't learned yet habit number two trust capital and this one is for the girlies who say they're going to do something and never actually do it I'm looking at you and not with judgment I promise because I have been there but the top 1% of women do not break promises with themselves if you tell a friend that you're going to meet them for coffee you'll turn up but when you promise yourself that you're going to go to the gym wake up early start a business suddenly that becomes optional why do you have more respect for your friend's time than your own maybe is because you know that you can't rely on yourself top 1% women know that confidence doesn't come from affirmation in the mirror it comes from self trust every time you keep a promise to yourself you build evidence that you can rely on you every time you follow through on a commitment every time you make a financial investment the more confident and disciplined you become because you learn to trust yourself again a 2021 study in the Journal of Behavioral Medicine tracked 500 people for 18 months those who kept micro promises to themselves like walk 10 minutes every single day saw a 4% higher goal adherence than those chasing big wins why because every promise kept releases dopamine rewiring your brain to associate action with reward and trust yourself again so what's the key here High achieving women don't rely on motivation they build self-trust Capital by starting small proving that they can be trusted with a little and progressing to trusting themselves with a lot so your homework tonight if you say you're going to read 10 pages before bed do it the action doesn't even really matter the more important thing is proving to yourself you do what you say you're going to do habit number three the refuse reset as women we're taught to be polite quiet go along with the flow pretend to be a little duck floating along the surface whilst our legs frantically kick below all of this means that women often struggle saying one of the most important words in the English language no research shows that women are more likely to suppress their emotions take on others burdens and overextend themselves in both professional and personal spheres it's deeply ingrained in our social conditioning we're taught to be caretakers nurturers and people pleases but not being able to say no isn't just a one-way ticket to burnout town There's also research to suggest it has pretty serious consequences studies consistently show that chronic emotional suppression essentially the act of bottling up our feelings and constantly prioritizing others over ourselves can significantly impact Women's Health a 2018 study found that women who consistently suppress their emotions are at a higher risk of autoimmune diseases like lupus and rheumatoid arthritis the research suggests that emotional depression triggers chronic stress which can suppress the immune system over time leading to inflammation and higher susceptibility to illness and that's before we even get into mental health conditions if you constantly say yes to things that drain you then you are running on borrowed energy and at some point it's going to run out the good news is if the big Eno is absolutely terrifying to you then you can start small Begin by simply acknowledging how it makes you feel to even think of saying the word no it's normal and this is all part of how to retrain your brain you don't need to deliver a long-winded excuse apology or even white lie because that is almost just as stressful in itself instead here are a couple sentences I would like you to swiftly add to your vocabulary I'd love to but I can't right now or simply that doesn't work for me you don't owe any one an explanation protect your peace as if your life depends on it because quite honestly it does number four the mirror rule why do some people fail and others seem to always succeed the answer May lie in a part of the brain called the visual cortex and here is how you are going to hijack it a lot of people fail because they seem to set vague goals like I want to be successful but the top 1% women they get specific they create a vision so clear that they can see it they can feel it and step into it on a daily basis a 2019 Nature Neuroscience study found that Vivid mental imagery activates the brain's occipital lobe which is the vision center and the prefrontal cortex which is the planning Hub of the brain this creates a mental blueprint that drives action forward so what does any of this actually mean it means that research into cognitive Neuroscience shows us that when you visualize something in detail your brain lights up as if you're actually experiencing it this strengthens neural Pathways which are the connections within our brain that make your goals feel more achievable and you go from dreaming to acting every year there are two activities I do without fail that help me tap into the visual cortex of my brain firstly is the perfect day exercise this is basically where every single year I write out my perfect day one year from now and I always get into the nitty-gritty specifics of the day where I wake up what does the room look like what does it smell like what do I eat for breakfast what can I see what can I feel what are the thoughts going through my head everything and then with this Clarity I've got from the perfect day exercise I then move on to create a vision board I'm sure you've heard of vision boards before but here's the catch generic vision boards do not work you need Neuroscience packed specificity to make a vision board that truly shapes the direction of your future if you're clueless about where to start like I was I used the skillshare class inspiration to reality making a vision board for your goals to hack my brain to become laser focused on my goals skillshare is my secret weapon for turning goals into a reality skillshare is the largest online learning community for creatives with thousands of creative classes in countless categories ranging from beginner to Advanced but the best bit there from experts in the field this instructor teaches you how to use Neuroscience backed techniques to make your vision board more than just Pinterest Aesthetics how to actually turn it into a blueprint for success and because skillshare are kindly sponsoring this video if you click the link in my description and your quick you will be able to access thousands of classes completely for free because they are kindly given the first 500 people to click the link in my description a free one Monon trial of skillshare trust me your future self will thank you hit number five the energy audit if there's one thing about top 1% women is that they don't just let life pass them by they regularly reflect but even more than that they get scientific evaluate what they eat what they read what they watch what they listen to and who they spend time with it's this ongoing process of refinement a way to optimize every single aspect of their life and if that sounds horrifically controlling and terrifying to you then I'll tell you something that I found way more terrifying last year I spent four months working as a doctor in pallative care I saw way too many people who had their lives cut short way too young it completely changed my perspective on my own life and for some people it might have pushed them towards having a bit more of a attitude I'm going to be dead anyway drinking more going out more doing more Reckless things quitting my job and traveling but it actually had the opposite effect for me I realized how precious life is and I didn't want to waste time doing anything I didn't want to do or giving energy to anyone that I didn't want to give energy to so yes wanting to refine every single aspect of my life is probably a little bit scary but it is not as scary as dying in your 30s and having so many regrets everything that we consume affects our energy and our experiences research by the National Institute of Mental Health shows that brains are highly malleable which means that they can be shaped a phenomenon known as neuroplasticity so when you expose your brain to that negative person in your life who always makes you feel worse or scrolling endlessly through social media that makes you feel bad you are literally shaping your brain studies reveal that regular exposure to negative stimuli can increase levels of cortisol the stress hormone in the body leading to a Perpetual state of fight or flight this chronic state of stress can impair your focus Focus slow down your cognitive function and even negatively affect your physical health on the other hand intentional mindful consumption through a balanced diet meant to fuel you reading uplifting material and listening to enlightening podcasts or my personal favorite just spending time with positive people rewires your brain for Focus optimism and emotional resilience am I saying you need to cut everything negative out of your life tomorrow no negativity is also part of the human experience and it's a natural emotion however as a top one% woman you are regularly going to conduct a energy audit to make sure that at least 80 to 90% of your life is filling your brain with the good stuff habit number six social currency you've probably heard the saying your network is your net worth but when it comes to high achieving women the concept runs deeper than just collecting contacts but I know what you're going to say F I am ridiculously busy I barely have enough time for the people I love in my life at the moment how on Earth am I going to pull time out of thin air to develop close meaningful connections with the people who can open doors for me well the answer might actually be easier than you think a study from Harvard found that close connection like family friends and longtime colleagues account for only 16% of New Opportunities the other 84% they all come from weak ties these are the acquaintances that you may not interact with on a regular basis but you may be significantly overlooking the reason weak ties are so powerful is that they expose you to new ideas a 2020 study found that those with a broader and more first Network especially in weaker connections are more likely to find job opportunities entrepreneurial Ventures and creative collaborations in fact researchers found that weak ties often provide access to information that close ties simply cannot offer since closed circles tend to share similar information perspectives and resources I used to get so stressed out whenever I went to a networking event because I felt as though I had to become best friends with everyone and I do not have the emotional capacity for that then networking events became overwhelming and I shied away from them and I just felt as though it wasn't for me and D but this perspective completely changed that building social currency doesn't mean that you have to be best friends with everyone it means engaging and being open with the people who have the potential to help you evolve even if they're not the people that you interact with most and if you are still feeling a little bit anxious I at any sort of networking event remember this your future self is already in the right room with the right people you just haven't met them yet finally habit 7 I know I said habit one was probably the most important but I actually think this one is we need to talk about the bounce back code if I ever failed in the past I always used to take that as a sign that it wasn't cut out for me so for example if I gave up on a New Year's resolution to go to the gym every morning I wasn't sporty if I failed an exam when I was trying to get into medical school I wasn't smart enough or if I made a video on YouTube and it kind of flopped my YouTube career was over it was time to turn off the camera and go back to my normal job until probably the most important realization of my adult life I'm going to say this once and I'm going to need you to listen really really really hard high Achievers know that failure is not an end point is just a step forward on their path for Success every single time we fail we have another data point why didn't I stick to that New Year's resolution and what can I learn from it why did I fail on that exam and what can I learn from it why did my YouTube video flop and what can I learn from it unfortunately this mentality isn't something we've born with it's built according to the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology resilience AKA this ability to bounce back is largely shaped by cognitive reframing which is essentially how we perceive the challenges that we Face instead of seeing failure as a setback resilient people see it as a learning opportunity research from psychology science found that individuals with greater resilience had better emotional regulation Greater Life satisfaction and enhanced well-being resilient women don't just recover they become stronger now all these habits are one ful but do you know how to build habits into your daily life so that they actually stick if not then you may want to watch this video here or this video which has been handpicked just for you based on exactly what you're interested in and if you've enjoyed this video then you may even want to subscribe by clicking here so that you never miss another one thank you so so so much for watching I hope you have a wonderful wonderful wonderful week and I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @JuliaMilla-e6u [1 likes]: Ya te ves muy mayor de edad como para andar todavía en estos temas, eso déjalo para las que somos más jóvenes
  2. @Jinhaonoloans: Private hair salon
  3. @sabadridi1481: I love everything about this ❤
  4. @Venu-z7y: Hiii mam can you tell me which book you were Reading and please recommend some books as well.
  5. @ItsyourDr.Sakshi: ❤❤❤
  6. @KarolinaMau: Oh god how bad 🫣
  7. @KarolinaMau: If all is "that" woman then nobody is that woman, smartie u
  8. @KarolinaMau: Boring
  9. @SimoneNissenbaum: does anyone have recommendations of financial literacy books?
  10. @kitten_love52: I literally just subscribed and now I'm unsubscribing because of this stupid title designed to make us feel bad. I thought you weren't like that.
  11. @wetgyjnmb: I love your videos, evidence based approach and gorgeous energy! Thank you. X
  12. @Nadaal-aneed-oi4wx: next year I will see my comments
and I will be this 1% of women❤✊
  13. @danielat1420: The vision boards on Pinterest are such a tangled mess 😣 gives me a headache whenever one pops up on my page
  14. @derekselfmastery: Loved the energy in this video
  15. @afdz0142: Suppression of emotions leading to autoimmune diseases is REAL. 
I saw this happen to my mother and aunt. Both were single moms, both felt that being “strong” meant never breaking down and never showing “bad” emotions (ie. crying), and they both got Lupus. I can count on one hand and not use all my fingers when it comes to the times I saw my mom cry. 
I’m studying acting now, and since I’ve begun, I’ve felt so much better. Therapy also helped me feel so much more secure within myself. 
Ladies: we need good, healthy outlets to help us get any emotion out of our bodies. Do not suppress. There’s not enough research in autoimmune diseases, but trust your emotions and what you hold like a grudge has lasting outcomes.
  16. @karel7718: Interesting video even from a man’s perspective, thank you!
  17. @indigobird-y7i: I can do anything 
I can get what I want 
I deserve everything I want 
Because I'm privileged to have it all .
  18. @KayleneCampbell: Just a reminder, at the end of the journey the King and the pawn end up in the same  box so just live your life however you want. 🤷🏻‍♀️
  19. @kittencatxo: i love being single ❤
  20. @cathy_ponce: I really hate the term of 
making it unvaluable for some...

- Inside Shilpa Shetty’s Diet Plan: What She Eats in a Day | Shilpa Shetty Diet Plan | Pinkvilla: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Hi guys, I am Shilpa Shetty Kundra and you are watching me on Pinkvilla showing my solidarity, umm.. So today I'm gonna tell you what exactly my diet comprises of and what I eat So, hope you guys get some motivation out of it and, umm.. chew your food The first thing I do as soon as I wake up is, I kind of, cleanse my system with warm water It's not hot, just plain warm water and before I have the warm water, I have 4 drops of noni juice, the concentrated noni juice, and it really gives me a lot of strength in the morning, to cope with all the crazy stuff that I do the rest of the day And the other very important thing that I do as a ritual Every morning is oil pulling, so I take at least 2 tablespoons of coconut oil, cold-pressed coconut oil, and I basically, roll it around my mouth, between my teeth It looks really funny So, I do this for like a good 7 to 10 minutes They say you should do it for 20 minutes, but, you know, with our fast-paced lives, if I get in like 10 minutes, I am like, Yay! So, everybody knows, I swear by Yoga, and yes, I have started doing a lot of different workouts that have been inspired by Yoga as well..So I'm a fitness freak You can actually call me a freak now, yeah, self-confessed fitness freak, but I don't do it to lose weight, or I don't do it to, umm.. prove a point to myself.. Most people think that you have to contort your body into different pretzelic forms to do Yoga, but I don't.. There are a lot of asanas that I'm still surprised with, and I'm kind of rediscovering my inner strength, and my flexibility, with doing it over a period of time So no, you don't have to be an expert contortionist to do Yoga, so I do a lot of workout regimes that help me with that so it's a mixture of high-intensity, you know, interval training, there is core-strengthening, I love doing planks, different kinds of that, I enjoy burpees I know it's crazy, like who can enjoy burpees I enjoy these animal walks, so it's not one kind of training, it's an amalgam of a lot of stuff, yeah.. So, I discovered Yoga around 17 years ago, when I was injured I had injured my neck, and my physio had told me to start doing Yoga to strengthen it And I had a Yoga teacher to come home and teach me, and then I went on to, umm, learn much more about Yoga, I realized it wasn't just great for strengthening an injured part, and rehabilitation, but also great to, kind of, tone your body, and as I kept learning more and more about Yoga, I realised, It was not just for your body, but also, for your mind.. So, I think we all need help in that area (laughs) So, I started off with Ashtanga today, I do Vinyasa, the Bihar School of Yoga, I've tried all different kinds of Yoga forms, but what I would tell people, is that, it doesn't matter what form you're doing, try and keep to the basics of inhaling and exhaling throughout the asanas, and that's what will affect and oxygenate your muscles, rejuvenate your mind and your body, and that's what is important. So, I get time in the mornings because I have a son, and he goes to school, and there are many a times that I'm also inundated with work in the mornings, you know, if I'm shooting, umm, so then I try, saying that I will compensate for the next day, so, it doesn't matter as long as you are not, umm, they say Yoga is preferably to be done on an empty stomach, or you can have maybe, warm water, or a cup of tea.. Some people who are addicted to tea, or you know, a small piece of banana, that's about it.. You can't go on a heavy stomach and start doing Yoga, so even if you do eat, try and maintain a two and a half hour gap, and then do Yoga So, it can be in the afternoon, mid-afternoon, after your lunch They say working out, even in the evenings is great, you know So, it gives you a boost of energy, and umm, I prefer to do it in the morning, so.. So my day is pretty simple, and I eat like people used to eat 70 years ago, which means, my mornings start at 7 in the morning.. I try to get my breakfast in between 7 and..7.30 and 8, and it's a very high fiber breakfast, so it'll be either oats, or muesli, coupled with fruits I start off with a raw food, so i's either a banana, or grated apple, blueberries, in my muesli, and umm, I try to keep it low sugar, so I would..I prefer to use natural forms of sweeteners like honey, or powdered jaggery, that is very readily available in the market Now the newest form of sugar is coconut sugar Even that's great for your oats So that's my breakfast, that's if it's a vegetarian day..If my morning starts earlier than that, then I start off with this simple smoothie, which is, umm, a mixture of almond milk, and banana, and raw oats and honey, and I can add whatever fruit I want into it, so, that's on-the-go, and then I have 2 eggs So, if I start very early in the morning, there are basically two breakfasts So then I have 2 eggs around 10-10.30 with either avocado..raw avocado, and maybe a whole wheat toast with butter.. "WITH" butter and then I have my tea, again with coconut sugar So I try and avoid all kinds of sweeteners, and, umm, I like to keep it natural and clean. My afternoon meal is my heaviest meal actually, and it comprises of either brown rice, white rice, whatever is available, umm, there's a chicken or a fish, some kind of protein, and, I like my vegetables, so there's vegetables, and I have my salad is very very simple, it's just cucumber and carrot (laughs) with a bit of sea salt on it, so it's nothing fancy Then there's sometimes, I may be alternate my heavy lunch, with like a, Yogi bowl, and that's what I call it So in that one bowl I basically put-in everything I'll put in salad leaves, I'll put in barley or you know, rice..brown rice, and I'll add some chicken bits, grilled chicken, I'll add beetroot, so it's like a salad, cum food, cum everything, all-in-one And the very important thing that I forgot to mention that I try to get in a spoon of ghee into my lunch anyhow When I say a spoon, it's like, a tablespoon So yeah, I have a tablespoon of ghee every day with my lunch So whether it be in my roti, I also like my parathas sometimes, so if it's paratha and sabzi and dal and chicken, I even have that, so I like that.. Then comes my snack, which is like a mid-meal A thing that I like I don't like to keep too much gap in between my food, I mean between my lunch and my tea So, my mid-meal would be just maybe 2 eggs or, umm, a sandwich with beetroot and cucumber, and potato..I love boiled potatoes, just sliced, and a bit of chaat masala, and make it into a sandwich and just bite it..it's yum! And that just keeps you from getting peckish before dinner Then I have my tea in the evening, and, umm, around 7-7.30 with my son 7.30 to 8, my son, my husband and I sit together, and we have our dinner So that's my last meal, which is a very light, fairly lighter meal than the rest of the day I like a soup..It can be veg, chicken, whatever and I don't eat anything raw, I prefer not to eat anything raw So most people have salads in the night which is not a concept that I believe in I have something, umm, grilled, or even if it's a vegetable, dal, whatever I try to keep it low-carb at night, I try But then, if I feel like having a mushroom hotpot rice, I'll have that So there is no hard and fast rule So that's my day basically, and if I feel I'm craving for something sweet, I have a piece of chikki after lunch So that's my biggest rule! When you have a child, you have to be an early riser I love Indian food, and I also love Chinese and Japanese.. I'm a foodie! See, that's a really interesting question Now because I belong to the beauty business or maybe, the "body business" We have to take care of how..how we look, and, umm, people can be judgemental, and I totally get it But I don't make too many changes, because I've already made a big lifestyle change I don't eat after 7.30 in the evening, I eat very healthy, clean food, so I have a clean diet, so I don't have to make too many changes if I'm walking the red carpet, or I'm showing my stomach, yes obviously to look more chiseled, like to have washboard abs and to look flat, you have to make sure that you eat a lot of high fiber, high protein, and making sure that maybe the previous day you don't have carbs, so, it's very low-carb the previous day, if I'm showing my abs.. My favourite cheat meal, oh my god I love deserts! And I love..I love Biryani! I love lamb Biryani I love, umm, I love roshogolla! And I love rabdi and hot jalebis..it's my absolute favorite! And, umm, yeah yeah, I can give you a long list! I've seen people try it I think it works a lot for a lot of people It's a very hard diet to do - The Keto The Keto diet, where you're eating high amounts of fat high amount of, actually, adequate protein high fat, and no carbs, no sugar, no fruits So I'm like..what are we gonna do (laughs) It's scary..so I mean, I would suggest something like that to maybe someone who's a body-builder, who has maybe let themselves go for some time and then need to shred, so, you know, it works really great for them But there are some people who barely have like 3 kilos to lose and they are on Keto diets And it makes you very crotchety, it makes you very angry because your body and your mind is not getting what it wants, so, umm, I don't know, I find it very strange, so yeah.. So I really hope this helps you guys in the long run, and if you like this video, do like, share and comment, and don't forget to subscribe to Pinkvilla and The Shilpa Shetty channel! (laughs)

  Top Comments:
  1. @OriginalCareOfficial [1 likes]: Shilpa shetty is being more open minded and Frank....Thank you madam
  2. @janitashah: Hot  water  fruit  porriage chapti
  3. @janitashah: Hot water  fruit and  cereal  chapti and patoto  beans  salad yoghurt  tea, nuts with j jaggery
  4. @KarenRyan-z4q: "Hi Everyone @ I am Shilpa "Sheddy"... " What is she, like American or something?
  5. @Mr.NutritionFits: one of my favroite actress
  6. @DrugaMishra-y7v: Love you love you
  7. @DrugaMishra-y7v: She just now looking 19😂😂😂
  8. @DrugaMishra-y7v: Really she is mind-blowing figer and open heart ed actress I love shilpa shetty my I con person
  9. @EVASINGH-6: NYC mam
  10. @Pawan-zp1wn: Hi 🌹
  11. @Sanchita608vlog: Simple cooked diet😊😊
  12. @Bow-And-Arroww: Cute she is
  13. @NickyNicky-j8j: 💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝☺
  14. @eklavvyaeklavvya2706: ye etna sub kuch bus heroine he kar sakti hai hum logo k kaam he nhi khatam hotey 😢
  15. @KangoJunior: Instead of copying routines online, I now make decisions based on my own data. Healix AI helped me trust my body’s signals 🧠🔬
  16. @clayforum4545: Shilpa, you are amazing. Your yoga routines and diet plans, your structure ll inspire many. You are rocking.
  17. @muskanjulania6789: Finally stopped forcing myself into diets that weren’t meant for me.
  18. @sonasharma5109: The United States of Trump is next name change 😊
  19. @jettoffline: Nice take  got me thinking differently about this 👍
  20. @KapilSingh1996-e3y: 24 Hour Fitness

- 5 Women Entrepreneurs Share Their Secrets To Success | Refinery29: Kind: captions Language: en Inspiration can come from any direction. But how do you take that new concept and make it a reality? In advance of the Inc. Women’s Summit, I’m meeting up with some of my favorite entrepreneurs to talk about what empowers them on a daily basis. You have all created businesses from out-of-the-box thinking. What made you veer left when everybody else was going right? Bobbi. When I moved to New York, it was the ‘80s. And everyone was doing the over made up contour look. I know it’s back. I still don’t like contour. So I would make up the models to make them look like they weren’t wearing makeup. And that was my calling card. But there was no makeup available that allowed you to do that. I met a chemist one day at a shoot and I said I can’t find a lipstick that didn’t smell, wasn’t greasy, and I wanted to match lips. Then I realized, “Wow. This is something.” For me, entrepreneurship, it wasn’t something that I aspired to. I always wanted to be an inventor. If I can be the perfect balance between Beyoncé and Bill Nye the Science Guy every single day… Now we’re installing our technologies around different countries in emerging markets. Turning everything from floors and roads to baby strollers into energy-generating solutions. You guys both touched on this idea of identifying problems that existed in your life and looking at ways that you could shape an industry, rather than looking at the industry itself. I started a fashion technology company with my co-founder. We had no fashion or technology experience. We knew what it meant to buy a dress for $1,000, wear it once, and then be photographed on social media. And feel like you could never wear it again. So we were like, “Well, that doesn’t make sense.” Renting dresses made sense. If you thought too far down the road, it could be easy to find all the why not’s versus the how can you make this happen. I want to hear Angela’s story talking about how you are helping young entrepreneurs. So I started NewME, which is an accelerator for minorities in 2011. We focus only on the technology industry, which at the time, it was a young, technical, white guys’ club. I did not really start NewME as a business. It was a problem that I wanted to solve. And I thought it was going to be like a one-time project. What do you see is standing in between these women and the dollars that you know they need to succeed? When I work with men, they are not scared to ask for money even if what they’re working on is mediocre. But women can have something phenomenal but it’s like we hold ourselves back. So a lot of the work that I do in particular with women is confidence building, is getting them comfortable with asking for the money. Priya, I want to talk about the impact you are having on actual people: helping them create wealth in the way that they've never even thought of before. Historically, financial planning has been reserved for the wealthy. And when I was working on Wall Street, my clients were old and rich. And all of my friends at the same time were wondering where do we go for the answers. There’s this completely underserved kind of ignored demographic that we call Henrys, high earners not rich yet. I so often hear young women say, “I just want to be paid what I’m worth.” I don’t even know what that means. And I very rarely hear young women say, “I want to make a lot of money.” Right? It’s as if we all sort of internalize this idea that the budget’s not there. Research show that men are four times more likely than women to ask. So at Stash Wealth, salary negotiations come up. Set it as a goal though and it has to be a very concrete goal. Like I want to buy a $250,000 house in three years so I want to get a raise and let’s back into what you need to do today to be on track. The flipside that millennials have to be very careful of is entitlement. For example, one kid said, “I feel like I really need to make x.” I’m like, “Oh, that’s interesting. For this job, if you do all of this research, this is the highest you could get paid.” And he’s like, “Yeah, I didn’t really think about what the job was. I just kind of thought New York.” What are you saying to me? I don’t think women talk about comp and salaries in the same way men do. Women I advise, some of the most valuable help I give them is actually talking in a real way about what you should be making. But getting the data out there— that’s hard especially amongst women because they’re fewer women who are in leadership roles. I find younger women are much more transparent with their salary. For them it’s not TMI, it’s cocktail talk. And I think that that lifting the veil —is going to get us closer to equality. –I think that’s really important. In “The Big Life,” I have an entire chapter devoted to the side hustle secret to success. How do you know when it’s time to make your side hustle your main hustle? I fully believe in the side hustle and in fact, when I worked in finance, because I was not passionate about finance, I would spend whatever time I had doing college essay editing, which I kind of made all the business around. But ultimately went to business school and co-founded Rent the Runway in business school. So I was kind of side hustling it. I was taking classes but I’m a pretty risk averse entrepreneur so the whole way, I had a timeline of milestones we had to meet. And I think it was helpful for me and my co-founder, kept us honest. Ultimately one of those milestones was raising money. And for me, raising money was another way of checking myself on. Was this a good concept that VC’s would put their name behind? So I very much believe that parallel processing, kind of always having a little bit of a safety net, and just being honest with yourself if something’s not working. And forcing that brutal honesty, it’s hard. You need to be able to sell something or it’s not a business. Don’t quit your job. Don’t do anything until you figure that out. And then even after you figure that out, you got to do a deeper dive into the customer and try to find more customers like the ones who gave you a dollar. When I’m talking to young women, they will ask me, “How do you get ahead in a male-dominated industry if you’re a woman?” The advice I always give is to forget you’re a woman, right? You are a person with a good idea. Just say it. That was exactly the advice that I gave myself was just to remember that you’re there like any other employee and to speak up when you have a great idea. I did get called in once. My boss told me that my attitude with my colleagues was abrasive. And I wasn’t sure if it was because I was a female. I’ve been in rooms with investors who are supposed to be investing in women and people of color and have the investor say, “So who’s the tech lead on this?” I’m like, “It’s me.” “Well, who came up with this?” I’m like, “Ask me a question first and see if I don’t have the answer.” And then all of a sudden they’re just like, “So did your father help you…” “Did my father, what?” I actually disagree that you should forget that you’re a woman. Every single day I get up being like, “Jessica, you are a black woman. You’re going to have to do three times as much to get half as far.” Is anyone besides me been called difficult? Oh yeah. I love it though. Me too. It’s a compliment. When I was younger, I didn’t like it. Maybe I should not say stuff back as much. But the older I got, I’m like I kind of like that about me. We all know that we can’t just be like one of the boys that—but the good news is that we have our special perspective. You embrace the difference, right? I don’t think a man could have started Rent the Runway. There’s this old idea that women are in competition with each other. That there’s backstabbing. That there’s only room at the table for one woman. But I’ve been so inspired by how millennial women have replaced competition with collaboration. Being someone who has been in the industry for a long time, when I was first starting my company especially with other makeup artists, you would never give any advice. Never would they ever tell you —because everyone was a—right. —I was about to say. Everyone was in competition. And now as I’m reinventing myself and need some different things, they’re here. Call this person. Do this. This is where you get this. It’s an amazing change. It is. This year I turned 60 and I started a new lifestyle brand. There’s more and more opportunity. And there’s a million things you’re going to end up doing. On your own terms. Be the entrepreneur of your life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @StraightTalkwithMattWaterman: What strikes me every time I watch this is how none of them came from privilege — they just refused to accept the ceiling others put on them. That stubbornness to keep going when logic says stop is the real secret nobody talks about.

On that note — Matt Waterman just dropped "Boss Lady", a track written specifically as an anthem for women who built from zero. Feels like a soundtrack to exactly this video. Check it out if you want something to play on the days you need the reminder 👑
  2. @inyourdream369: Really insightful content, explained in a simple and engaging way 👍
  3. @wambuigitau280: Beautiful and powerful
  4. @KristieM-s8k: Inspirational ✴️👏
  5. @FutureUnscripted: Amazing conversation. Love female entrepreneurs. So much respect!
  6. @GilbertoKuhl-q6r: Very neat and well explained.
  7. @AbirHassan-w6u: Great video, really enjoyed it.
  8. @OigbgRush: Clear and easy to follow.
  9. @UendiBogdani: One of the most helpful videos I’ve seen.
  10. @MkophgOkgffyu: I got exactly what I needed here.
  11. @StevenKennedy-x9j: The quality of this video is excellent.
  12. @EeeFff-f6d: Very helpful and informative.
  13. @DavidG-j8y: Good breakdown of the topic.
  14. @ownyourbloom-j8g: Best vid ever😊
  15. @fhchhxfhchhxj: A clear and effective explanation.
  16. @FourNo-m3i: This was really helpful.
  17. @RosarioMestro: The explanation was excellent.
  18. @palakdhussy: Really liked the structure of this video.
  19. @JoinsRoili: Appreciate the straightforward approach.
  20. @HokmaSonka: Straight to the point, well done.

- Become Addicted To Discipline With These 6 Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Most people think that discipline is about being tough or having the crazy ability to suffer more than everybody else. But that is not discipline. That is suffering for the sake of suffering when it's actually not necessary to achieve your goals. I want to break down what discipline actually is. And spoiler alert, it is not about willpower and it's not about grit. Here's the thing. Discipline is not in your DNA. You're not born with it. It is in your design. It's about making success easier than failure by designing your environment to do the heavy lifting for you. Discipline is not a personality trait. It's a system. When I was 19, I was 100 lb overweight. I was failing out of school. I didn't have the friends I wanted. I didn't have the body I wanted. And I was just a mess. And I thought to myself, "Oh, I'm just not a disciplined person." But then here's the thing. Once I installed systems into my environment to make it easier to lose weight than to stay overweight, to make it easier to have the right friends than to have the wrong friends, and to make it easier to work hard than to be lazy, suddenly I looked really disciplined. For example, I took out all the junk food in my house, and if I wanted junk food, I would have to literally walk to the store because I didn't have a car. And that's when I realized that being disciplined sucks in the moment, but not being disciplined sucks later. and for the rest of your life. Most people aren't disciplined simply because they don't put systems into place. And they don't understand how it works. And then they think that they're lazy. You're not lazy. You're just not doing the things that you need to make it easier to be disciplined than not. And so if you're wondering, okay, gosh, I think you're right, but I don't have the systems in place. Where do I begin? The first thing that you want to do is block a time on your calendar where you can actually do research to put the systems in place. Even just the system of writing things down to prompt yourself to take action is actually a really great system to have. The question that you should ask yourself right now is what friction exists in my current environment that is making it harder to be disciplined than to be lazy. That's the first thing you want to think about. Like what things around me? Is it the food in my pantry? Is it the friends that I have? Is it what do I need to extract from my environment to make discipline easier? The second thing that I want you to ask yourself, willpower and motivation are like batteries. So, they're going to constantly deplete. Because here's the thing, structure is where you derive power from. And discipline is like the power grid. So, if you rely on motivation or feeling motivated, you, my friend, have already lost. Most days when I wake up, I don't feel motivated to do what I've got to do that day. But I have systems in place that make it easier to do those things than hard. For example, when I first start dieting, I told myself, I'm just going to white knuckle it. Don't eat anything bad. Don't eat this. Don't eat that. Don't eat out. Don't eat dessert. Don't eat whatever. I would go to dinners with food everywhere. And it would be so hard to resist. And it felt like all day I was resisting something which doesn't feel good. And I would always cave because I was relying on motivation. I was relying on willpower. Whether it's 3:00 or 6:00 or the end of the day or the end of the night, it would run out and then I would end up eating something I didn't want to eat. And that's because if your day relies on feeling motivated, if your goals rely on feeling motivated, then you're already behind because motivation is unreliable. It is a source that depletes. It is finite and it's not something you can control. So if you don't have structure and you don't have systems, then you quickly burn through your motivation and you don't ever get to achieve your goals because you don't have the real structure it requires to achieve one. So what I realized is that what you have to have to figure out in order to use this structure is what to do instead. Instead of relying on motivation, you create structure. So what does that look like? If I want to lose weight and I'm going out to dinner, I'm going to look at the menus for the dinner ahead of time. That's one option I could have, right? I could look at the menus for the place I'm going to and then I could pick ahead of time. When I get there, I don't have to think. I don't have to decide what I'm going to eat. I just get to eat what I already decided upon. The second thing I could do is I could say, I'm going to build a system where I eat before I go to dinner with people. So, I'm going to eat dinner at my house with the food that I know is healthy for me and helps me achieve my goals. Then, I'm going to go dinner and I'm going to get a tea. Or if it's the gym, right, and you're just trying to figure out how to work out, I'm going to follow an online gym workout template and I'm going to always have an alternate for if I've got to travel and I've got a travel friendly one. And so, my point is this. It's not that we want to stop doing the behaviors that are preventing us from reaching our goals. is that we want to figure out an alternative. We want to say, "What can I do instead? Instead of eating the chips, what if I order tea? Instead of ordering the fatty hamburger at the burger bar we're going to, what if I have a protein shake before I go?" The biggest way that I've been able to hack my way into having a disciplined life is I just find alternatives. A huge alternative I have is that, for example, in my house, I had this cabinet where I always stored candy. And whenever I go to diet, I actually put gum and mints where the candy is. So, every time I go to reach for the candy, there's a piece of gum there and then I'm like, "Oh, yeah. I'm trying to lose weight." And then I just take a piece of gum, I chew the gum, and then eventually I forget about the fact that I even won the candy. It's not that I try not to do something. It's that I'm replacing it with a new behavior. And that is a system. Another system that a lot of people have is when they wake up, maybe they eat a really bad breakfast, maybe you go to Starbucks, you get a really heavy coffee or something. Okay. Well, a system you could have is, you know what I'm going to do when I wake up? The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to walk for 30 minutes. instead of going to Starbucks and getting this drink that has 450 calories in it, because they all do. Not only am I replacing it with a behavior that's going to help me, but replacing it with behavior that's positive, not even just neutral to my goals. And so, a question to ask yourself is, what is one decision that I can make today that will eliminate 10 decisions for tomorrow? When I think about this, I think about alternatives. We want to pick our alternatives ahead of time. What am I going to do instead of get my Starbucks tomorrow morning? What am I going to do instead of laying on the couch and being lazy tomorrow night? What am I going to do instead of eating the hamburger when I go out with my friends? What am I going to do instead of drinking 10 beers at that party? It's not about, "Oh my god, don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it." And just focusing on not doing it. It's about focusing on what you're going to do instead. And if you make those decisions ahead of time, then all you've got to do is follow the system. The biggest lie that people tell themselves is that discipline should feel hard. Here's the thing. If it's too hard to repeat, it's not discipline. It's your ego. It's willpower. Because if discipline doesn't feel easy, then you're thinking about it wrong. For example, when I first started going to the gym, I went to the most advanced classes thinking I was going to get results really fast. So, I remember I went to it was called body pump. Body pump was where you would do like 30 reps of one exercise four times. And so, if you picked an even moderate weight, you were going to be fried from that. And I remember I went to Body Pump three days in a row and then I went home and I went to go upstairs to my room and I collapsed trying to walk up the stairs because my legs were so sore that I couldn't even they just did they just gave out and I was like, "Oh my god." And I remember the moment I crawled up the stairs and so I hated it. I remember I was talking to a friend of mine at the gym and I told her this and I was like, "I'm not going to go back to that class. It's just like too hard for me." And she said, "Lila, your muscles need time to adapt. If it's constantly painful and you're constantly in pain, you're never going to stick with it. And so what I realized is that if something feels too hard or too punishing or it's too advanced too soon, you're going to associate it with negativity and you'll avoid it. You're essentially punishing yourself. And then when we punish ourselves, that means we also avoid the thing that could potentially lead to punishment. So if every time I work out, I hurt really bad after, I'm going to eventually avoid working out because I know what comes after working out is feeling really bad and sore after. And so here's the thing. You're not failing at discipline. You're just approaching it from a standpoint of having too big of an ego, too high of standards too early on, or you're approaching it from a place of anxiety rather than ease or consistency. And so what do we want to do instead? We want to lower the bar and stack easy wins. We want to make our tasks so achievable that we feel good after we've done them. And then what happens is if we do something, we feel good after we do it. then we want to do it again because we like doing things that feel good. This is looking at yourself as a scientist versus being the judge of your life. You want to be a scientist of your own behavior and the way that you act rather than being a judge who's just trying to punish yourself all day. And if you do this, you're going to build positive momentum and then you will create consistency because we tend to do things that we like doing and we tend to try and avoid things that we don't like doing. And so question for you to ask yourself is what habits or routines that you've been putting in place that you haven't been sticking with feel punishing and that pain is making you avoid them. Think about it. Is it something at work? Is it something with your relationship? Is it something with yourself? Is it something with food? Whatever it might be, if you constantly do something and then feel pain because of it, you are likely not going to stick with it in the long run. So what this means is that real discipline is not about stopping a bad habit. It's about creating a realistic and better alternative. So, if you want to build real discipline, this is a common misconception that you need to avoid at all costs. So, I'll give you an example that's pretty morbid, but it always really resonated with me, which was my mother was an alcoholic when I grew up, and she quit drinking by smoking. Sounds crazy, right? But she went from drinking to smoking to vaping to chewing gum to eventually nothing. And so, she didn't go from zero to perfect. She continued to replace her bad habits in with increasingly better alternatives. I know it sounds nuts, but too often people think that discipline means stopping a behavior immediately, but that almost always fails. So, you don't need to be perfect right away. You just need to take a step towards the next best alternative. What you want to do is identify a realistic, better, not perfect alternative to your habit. So, instead of drinking vodka, maybe you drink a seltzer. Instead of drinking a seltzer, maybe you have a craft beer. Instead of a craft beer, maybe you're going to have a non-alcoholic beer. Maybe then instead of a non-alcoholic beer, then you're going to have a diet coke. And then, but after a diet coke, you're going to say, "I'm going to have a sparkling water." And then from a sparkling water, you can stick with that or go to a water. You see how it goes? It's like you take tiny little steps. You don't just make the big swing all at once. This can be done with food as well. Say you eat dessert every night. You're like, I eat a Sunday every night. It's like, all right, I'm going to go from having a Sunday every night to nothing. No, let's go from having a Sunday with caramel, with toppings, with hot fudge to like, let's have a Sunday with no hot fudge. Then 2 days later, let's have a Sunday with no brownie bites. Then 2 days later, let's have a Sunday with half the ice cream. And you just continue to gradually swap out alternatives in stages. And so small steps in the right direction turn into big changes over time. It's just that most people are so impatient with themselves, they don't allow themselves to get there and they stay stuck in this cycle of going big change and then back out, big change again, back out. So, here's the deal. If you want true freedom, you have to stop relying on how you feel each day. Freedom comes from following a plan, not your feelings. A good example of this is that every year I map out a 12-month plan for my business. And now I do this because what it means is that I take some time. Maybe it's a week, it's two weeks, it's five days. And I put all of my effort into figuring out what's the plan going to look like to get me to my goal 12 months from now. Now, why do I do this? I do this because I'm trying to get all the hard thinking done ahead of time so that every day when I step into my business, I just get to execute. I don't have to keep thinking. I don't have decision fatigue. I'm not constantly in this tear of like, what should I do? What do I need to do to grow my business? I just know. And I've been able to achieve that level of freedom through structure because without structure, I'm going to constantly debate with myself and I'm going to be exhausted because I'm going to be in this cycle of like decision execution, decision, execution. And that decision fatigue is going to prevent any kind of meaningful progress because I'm going to be stuck in this cycle of questioning what I'm doing. But if I do all the thinking ahead of time and then I just get to execute, I don't think about it. I just say, you know what, I'm going to play this out. I'm going to see if I make progress. Another example of this is that every Sunday I plan my entire next week. Why do I do that? It is another way of doing this on a micro level, which is I don't want to wake up every day and be like, what am I doing today? I think it's the biggest waste of my time and energy. And there's nothing I hate more than not knowing what I'm going to be doing for the day. Now, it doesn't have to be perfect. It's something that you can do. You can test it out for a week and you'll see how much more freedom you feel when just on a daily basis, you're not arguing with yourself. And so the question that you can ask yourself is how much energy am I losing by fighting with myself on a daily basis. All in all, discipline isn't sexy. It is boring. And boring is what scales? Boring is what works. If your routine is exciting, you're probably doing it wrong. Because by the nature of routine, if it's exciting, it means you don't do it all the time, which means it's not a routine. It's funny because people say all the time, "I would love to see a day in your life, Ila." And I'm like, well, that's boring as because my life is a series of systems strung together every day. And so it means like I have a system for working out. I have a system for my marriage. I have a system for my business. I have a system for my friendships. I have a system for my family. Like I have a system for every aspect of my life. But here's the thing. Those systems, those are discipline and they're real. Are they boring? For sure they look boring from the outside, but they get the results that I'm looking for in my life. And a lot of the times, most people are just chasing novelty. They want a new workout. They want a new mastermind, a new business, a new meetup, but they don't actually get any results. They just feel like they're making progress cuz they get to go to from 0 to 1 a million times. I'd rather go from 1 to 10. And so, the reality is, if your routine is too exciting, you're probably not actually making progress. And so, you want to embrace boring routines. Doing simple things consistently is what actually leads to massive success. I have literally never had a time where I have woken up on a single day and thought, I want to do every single thing today. Seriously, I haven't in a long, long time, probably 15 years. Because most days I wake up, I at least don't want to do one thing. I don't want to do the workout. I don't want to talk to the person. I don't want to have the hard conversation. I don't want to do the interview. I don't want to do eight meetings. I don't want to run a board meeting. I don't want to look at these financials. I don't want to answer these emails. I don't want to talk to anybody. But I also know that feelings are pleading. And I want the long-term satisfaction of knowing that I can stick with something, knowing I have control over myself and knowing that I've mastered something. And what I've seen is that when you start doing it, it adds up. And then you start to feel better about yourself and better than you've ever felt because you're like, I trust myself. I trust myself to stick with the plan. I trust myself to have my own back. Discipline is not just going to bring you closer to your goals. It's going to bring you closer to the person that you want to be. At the end of the day, I care more about how I feel about myself when I'm by myself than I do about the fleeting moments I had during the day where maybe I wasn't super into something. Maybe I didn't want to do it for 5 seconds, but that always goes away. Building discipline is only half the battle. But if this felt valuable, you can go ahead and watch my video on building micro habits that could change your

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mimisugar-j6x [21 likes]: I’m already trying to discipline myself to finish this video.
  2. @leilahormozi [5 likes]: Get the unfiltered memos I send my team as we scale Acquisition.com to $1B+: https://leilahormozi.com/subscribe
  3. @Amar-o7t9q [1 likes]: I am your addited❤❤❤❤❤🎉😊
  4. @Monish_The_Editer [1 likes]: Finding alternatives 
Working in structure 
Nobody feels like doing everything
  5. @poojaraman947: Same as you addicted to botox & fillers😅
  6. @linab8706: This was wonderful ❤
  7. @TheLexieForbes: I feel like I need this entire video imprinted into my brain. This is sooo good!
  8. @ForgeDiscipline-f3c: thank you
  9. @cjeyyyy: Thank you for this. My day to day feels lonely, repetitive, everyday I don’t want to do certain things, but I just gotta keep going. I spent years having exciting days, following how I feel and not doing things when I don’t want to, and it took me nowhere. So now I’m trying doing the opposite.
  10. @Rayofhope173: 10:38 Small steps in the right direction turn into big changes overtime ❤😊
  11. @WonderLand200: This might work for some, but it's not helpful if you lack willpower because it's the "making yourself do" that replacement activity that is hard. It's not a decision issue, it's making yourself do what you do NOT want to do. So, I think that requires willpower or whatever discipline is, at least in the beginning or until your start liking the replacement activities. A gum will also not satisfy you if you want sweets, so this might work for certain types of individuals, but I am not sure for how many.
  12. @moerfd5454: Some Habits you cant replace 😮
  13. @NanterCosta: Thank you for the video, dear
  14. @sarokandeel5979: ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  15. @AprilVanne12: I talk down to myself sometimes when I get to work late. Going to sleep late is my problem.
  16. @TMeagaJohnson: I love your mentality  thank you for encouraging me
  17. @BluePixelPhone: ❤
  18. @ainoa418: simplemente WOW
  19. @cynthia7569: I need work on below, thanks!
Rely on Structure, Not Motivation
Lower the Bar for Consistent Wins
Annual Planning 
Weekly Planning
Reduce decision making
  20. @mehreenkhan20: Your best video hands down. Thank you!

- How to EASILY Kick Start A Healthy Lifestyle FAST!!: Kind: captions Language: en You've been telling yourself you want to live healthier But you have no idea where to start The good news is that you don't have to spend thousands of dollars On a private chef and personal trainer To live a healthier lifestyle It starts with just a few little changes That you'll build upon day after day Sure there's a guy named Fabrice Who charges a thousand english pounds per hour To whip your body into shape While wearing spandex But you can also just go for a 30 minute walk everyday To low your stress Reduce the amount of cortisol been dumped into your blood And even help you to loose weight If you walk outside the benefits are compound experts who have gone to prestigious universities have studied the effects of being outdoors and learned it makes us happier more cooperative smarter and retaining our memories better You could also for cover some major cash To have a highly trained nutricionist telling you what not to eat Or you could just make some silly simple changes like giving up one junk food a week while replacing it with something better like leafy greens vegetables fresh fruits nuts seeds sprouts and healthy oils If you did this every week by the end of a single year you would have completly transformed your diet One of the biggest components to our overall health Is mental health We are quick to ditch the sugar if we need to squeeze into a dress for a special event but how much do we take our daily hapinnes into account What if you could fill like a million bucks everyday by simply altering neural chemicals in your brain Its not hard to do this Simply increase foods and lifestyle choices That create natural hapiness hormones Like dopamine, serotonine and oxitocine That means you can eat dark chocolate Laugh as often as possible and add probiotics to your gut to feel like everyday is a good day It's about time you got down to change your life style Comment below and tell us: "What's the first step you'll take?" Leave a like and share this video to share the knowledge You can also comment an idea for a video you'd like to see For weekly content like this Please subscribe to health chronicle

  Top Comments:
  1. @CarolinaDuranLopez-cx6ob: Hello its me
  2. @GoldenVisaCostaRica: Air, Water and soil makes life and we in Costa Rica keep the environment as natural as possible! More than 98% of the energy is produced naturally! It doesn't happen anywhere on earth at this point. Pura Vida!
  3. @ActiveLifeStudio: Life will be healthy... 😲
  4. @EnemyofYourBody: good
  5. @HafidYudanto: bagus banget❤
  6. @SimoneGabriela-wg9dw: sao lai lam dc the
  7. @MadelineJuliet-ml5ju: huhhuu
  8. @MiyaEvelin-um3vv: that la v ai truong
  9. @PreciousNaomi-ne1rl: huhhuu
  10. @DonnaNatalie-lr2ik: dep
  11. @ShaylaLaurel-le5fz: kk
  12. @NeveahMadilynn-lt1bj: dep
  13. @KaliAnya-es3ri: hAY THAT
  14. @EmmaleeJohanna-kc5ne: whet
  15. @FrancescaClaudia-bv2ry: hay that
  16. @AlyssaKyra-re4vb: hahaa
  17. @LindaRyann-tx1ey: dep
  18. @CatalinaRosa-cc5ib: omg
  19. @JillianMargaret-hy6ub: vip
  20. @HallieIsabela-ks3hg: omg

- Japanese Oldest Doctors: Just Eat These Every Day and You Will Live to 100: Kind: captions Language: en did you know that your body has an incredible built-in system to heal itself stay lean and even protect against diseases like cancer in this video we'll explore simple yet powerful daily habits inspired by five legendary Japanese scientists who have revolutionized our understanding of Health and Longevity we'll start with Dr yoshinori osumi the Nobel prizewinning scientist who uncovered autophagy a fascinating process where your cells selfclean and regenerate then we'll dive into the research of Dr takayuki teruya who studies the metabolic benefits of fasting and Dr shagi hinohara one of Japan's most respected longevity experts we also learn from Dr yumihara a renowned physician trusted by Japanese prime ministers and Dr homi shinya a pioneering gastroenterologist who emphasize the vital connection between good health enzyme foods and disease prevention by the end of this video you'll understand how autophagy works and more importantly how you can activate it in your daily life for Better Health and Longevity what is autophagy autophagy is your body's natural recycling system built-in detox that keeps your cells clean and efficient think of it as cellular housekeeping your body breaks down and removes damaged Parts making way for stronger healthier cells Dr yoshinori Yumi the Nobel prizewinning scientist discovered that autophagy becomes especially active during periods of fasting or stress helping your body repair itself maintain a healthy weight and lower the risk of diseases like cancer as Dr osumi emphasized in his Nobel lecture without autophagy our cells cannot survive this process is essential for keeping your body balanced energized and resilient one of Dr osi's core philosophies is that scientific progress thrives on collaboration and openness since his groundbreaking discovery countless scientists have expanded Research into the Practical applications of autophagy now widely recognized as being linked to aging cancer prevention neurodegenerative diseases and Immunity the key takeaway supporting your body's internal cleaning system both at the cellular and lifestyle levels is crucial for long-term health so how can we activate autophagy in our daily lives and harness its benefits it's easier than you think here are three Japanese longevity inspired diet and lifestyle tips backed by top Japanese scientists tip number one activate autophagy with intermittent fasting one of the most effective ways to trigger autophagy is intermittent fasting a practice that has been deeply woven into traditional Japanese Lifestyles for Generations but what exactly is intermittent fasting simply put it means creating a daily window of time where you don't eat allowing your body to shift from digestion to deep cellular repair many Japanese researchers inspired by Dr yoshinori osi's work advocate for a natural fasting period of 12 to 16 hours a rhythm that aligns with how older Generations in Japan naturally eat many Japanese Elders intuitively skip meals or maintain longer gaps between dinner and breakfast unknowingly supporting their bodies built in cleansing and renewal processes one leading scientist in this field is Dr takayuki teruya a Japanese researcher specializing in the metabolic effects of fasting his research highlights that fasting isn't just about weight loss it also enhances metabolism boosts antioxidant production and may even slow down aging there are three key insights from Dr tera's research metabolic activation during fasting Dr tua's Studies have shown that fasting stimulates various metabolic pathways leading to increased production of metabolites involved in energy production and antioxidant defense this suggests that fasting can rejuvenate metabolic processes and promote overall health antioxidant generation his Research indicates that fasting elevates levels of antioxidants which help neutralize harmful free radicals in the body this enhancement of the body's natural antioxidant capacity May contribute to the prevention of oxidative stress related diseases potential anti-aging Effects by activating specific metabolic reactions fasting may play a role in mitigating some effects of Aging Dr tera's findings suggest that the metabolic shifts induced by fasting could support cellular repair mechanisms and Longevity Dr tuya strongly advocates for the health benefits of fasting emphasizing its role in revitalizing metabolism strengthening antioxidant defenses and potentially extending lifespan so if you're looking for a simple science-backed way to improve your health consider incorporating intermittent fasting into your daily routine tip number two practice harachi Buu the second lifestyle tip is to embrace the traditional Japanese practice of harachi Buu which which means stop eating when you're 80% full rooted in Okinawan culture and supported by longevity studies this principle encourages mindful eating and calorie restriction without malnutrition allowing the body to enter cellular cleanup mode or autophagy this gentle calorie restriction combined with long overnight breaks from food reduces metabolic stress and gives your body more time for self-repair interestingly in okanawa a region renowned for its high number of centenarians and known as a Blue Zone people have naturally practiced this approach without even realizing it their tradition of having early light dinners and long periods without late night snacking essentially creates an overnight fasting window which naturally supports autophagy Dr shagi hinohara one of Japan's most respected doctors and Longevity experts was a living example of this philosophy he worked until the age of 105 advocating that staying engaged and never fully retiring keeps both the mind and body youthful his approach to diet was simple eat light avoid excess sugar and processed foods and follow harachi Buu eating until 80% full which he believed prevented excess weight gain and contributed to longevity Dr hinohara also promoted staying active taking the stairs instead of elevators and walking daily to maintain Vitality while he respected medicine he warned against over relying on doctors instead advocating for preventive care a positive mindset and taking personal responsibility for one's own health he also emphasized the importance of lifelong learning curiosity and having fun often saying that in enjoying life was the best way to forget pain for more insights check out my detailed video where I dive deeper into Dr HOH hara's remarkable wisdom number three tip Foods what food should we eat to fully activate autophagy to fully activate autophagy what we eat plays a crucial role in supporting this natural process Dr Yumi ishihara the personal doctor to Japan's prime minister and head of the ishihara clinic in Tokyo advocates for modified fasting as a powerful tool for health his regimen includes a liquid breakfast of freshly squeezed carrot or apple juice skipping lunch in favor of black tea with black sugar and ginger and consuming one solid meal per day this approach creates long fasting windows that naturally support cellular Rejuvenation and autophagy Dr ishihara often reminds us that most humans today eat too much and he emphasizes the importance of practices like harachi Buu eating until you're 80% full to encourage longevity and prevent overeating Dr ishihara's liquid apple juice is excellent way to break a fast these juices are packed with essential nutrients that support digestion and Recovery carrot juice rich in beta cartine vitamin A helps with skin ey health and liver detoxification while also offering an alkalizing effect on the stomach apple juice full of antioxidants like cortin restores electrolytes and supports good health with its natural pectin together these juices are gentle on the digestive system and provide quick nourishment without overwhelming your body to avoid blood sugar spikes it's best to drink a small amount first about half a glass and wait 10 to 20 minutes before eating solid foods pairing your juice with a handful of nuts or a spoonful of olive oil can help slow sugar absorption and keep your energy levels balanced another fantastic drink to support autophagy is this combination is warming nutritious and offers multiple health benefits black tea is Rich and antioxidants that support heart health and Metabolism while black sugar cazado is a natural alternative to refine sugar providing minerals like iron calcium and potassium Ginger adds powerful anti-inflammatory properties AIDS digestion improves circulation and boosts immunity this drink is great for providing gentle energy before fasting and it also works well after fasting to Aid digestion and replenish lost minerals in line with the advice from these researchers it's important to limit the number of solid meals you eat each day ideally one or two meals the emphasis should be on a plant-based whole food diet a traditional Japanese diet rich in vegetables seaweed fermented foods fish and legumes like soybeans natto and miso combined with whole grains such as brown rice and barley provides the nutrients your body needs to thrive while supporting autophagy doctor homi shinya a renowned Japanese American gastroenterologist promoted a diet rich in enzymes fresh vegetables and fruits and low in meat to maintain a healthy gut and prevent unnecessary metabolic stress his shinya biozyme theory advocat Ates for a plant-based diet that complements autophagy by supporting digestive health and reducing inflammation Dr shinya also believed in incorporating fasting into daily life he introduced the concept of the shinya little fast a 16-hour fasting period where you eat an early dinner and have a late breakfast the next day this practice gives your digestive system time to rest and supports internal cleansing which aligns with autophagy doctor shinya also emphasized the importance of hydration for metabolism and overall health he recommended starting the day with a couple of glasses of clean water on an empty stomach to help cleanse the body Japanese centa green tea rich in kakin antioxidants can also mildly support autophagy and overall health so it's a great option throughout the day importantly all these scientists agree that processed foods and excess sugar should be avoided overc consumption of refined sugars and white flour can cause insulin spikes which suppress autophagy processed meats and chemical additives also harm good health and Metabolism so it's best to steer clear of these Foods by following these principles embracing intermittent fasting eating plant-based Whole Foods and avoiding excess sugar and processed foods you can activate autophagy and let your body naturally repair itself

  Top Comments:
  1. @healthlonglife [529 likes]: 0:00 What is Autophagy? by Dr. Yoshinori Ohsumi
2:14 Number 1 Tip to Live Healthy Long Life by Japanese Doctors
4:23 Number 2 Tip by Japanese Doctors
6:08 Number 3 Tip by Japanese Doctors: What to Eat
8:49 Fasting Tips by Dr. Hiromi Shinya
  2. @solak6649 [1 likes]: Everyday is a fasting for a poor hosteler like us
  3. @amelvin32 [1 likes]: Thumbs down for AI/robot voice narration.
  4. @NoorEAnbiyaA.S [1 likes]: Thanks for your golden advice
  5. @KlausMergen: Dear AI, help me never to have to see such Sh** again.
  6. @DailyHealthLabTV: Awesome tips. Thanks for sharing
  7. @yumingliu7403: 1. Do not eat for 12 hours, 2. Eat until 80% full, 3. Eat diet with most plant and less meat, avoid processed food. 4. Drink clena water with empty stomach, 5. Eat dinner early and eat late breakfast the other day, letting 16-hour digest for the body, 6. Eat one /two solid food one day, 7. Eat ginger, apple / carrot juice, black tea as breakfast. 6. Drink enough water, Japanese centa green tea over the day
  8. @piedmontguy: my doctor's are unaliving me..it feels good..😂😂
  9. @MikeM-d8p: Astaxanthin, NAD+, quercetin, astragalus root, dna rna nucleotides and multivitamins and minerals.💈😊
  10. @spugnoid: I have no desire to reach 100. How depressing to even consider it.
  11. @IITwaleDOCTOR: Ayurveda has everything written there since ages. please follow some ayurvedic medias
  12. @user2167-gz9ki: Credits to Dr. Ohsumi but this is not a new invention, fasting is the   advice and behaviour of the prophets. Prophet Mohammed (pbuh):
The fasting of Prophet David (Sawm Dawud) is considered the most beloved voluntary fast to Allah. (consisting of fasting every alternate day—one day on, one day off.)
Islam prophet: 
"There is no container that the son of Aadam fills [which is] worse than his stomach. A few morsels that keep his back upright are sufficient for him. If he has to [eat more than that], then he should keep one-third for food, one-third for drink and one-third for his breathing"
  13. @vivekanandjha6576: Why don't the government ask fast foods restaurant to replace with healthy food
  14. @JetJaguarjet: my pants started to fall off my waist once I incorporated natto and kimchi into my diet and gave up any kind of processed foods
  15. @christoferyo: ok
  16. @islamisthetruewaytogod6812: Hello ! May Allah protect and guide you to his light and happiness in this life and the hereafter, God bless, Ameen. Excuse me for giving a little presentation of Islam, because it is very misunderstood nowadays, especially on those « Antichrist's » times, where media and politics are mixed to distort history and truth. And terrorists (puppets of the Antichrist) who misinterpret verses, out of ignorance and political motivations, and take them out of historical context (just like radical atheists do by the way) don't help either. Thank you very much for your time.

First of all, if you have any questions regarding Islam and yourself, just open the Quran randomly, and you will find the answer in front of you, like a miracle and a sign from God.
	
Islam is an arabic word that means the Surrender to the One and Only God, our Creator, Protector, Provider, who gives us life and all that we have, we are safe and sound by his will and grace, we are His and to Him we return, and we have to thank him in this trial life by submitting to him by our free will, or later in the Day of judgment when it's too late to save our own skin. Islam was the original Religion descended to earth from heaven with Adam and Eve (peace and blessing be upon them) in the beginning of humanity. and was passed to people with the succession of the 124 000 prophets and 315 messengers of God to all nations and civilizations since, passing by Noah, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Ismaël, Joseph, Moses, Aaron, Joshua, David, Solomon and Jesus (Peace and blessing be upon them) during the history of mankind, the last replaces and completes the previous, until the succession of the last messenger of God fourteen centuries ago, Muhammad (Peace and blessing be upon him) to complete the noble morals of all mankind, to bring humans and jinns out of darkness into light, and to purify people's religion and belief from corruption and polytheism, and return it to purity and true monotheism, like it was in the times of the prophets (Peace and blessing be upon them).

Many Religions that we know nowadays, at their beginning were true and under Islam, initiated by one of the prophets of God, but their original teachings, history and scriptures have been corrupted over time with falsification and polytheism, or lost and replaced with false ones. That's why Islam is the only Religion accepted by God nowadays, which consists in bearing witness that there is no god besides Allah (God in Aramaic, the original language of Jesus and the Gospel), and that Muhammad is His servant and messenger, just like Jesus and Moses and others are His servants and messengers. Never a messenger of God said he was God or literally son of God, it was the people after him who changed the words of God and corrupted the Religion. God is unique and absolute, He does not need to have a family and sons or to associate anyone else with His kingdom, He can simply create whatever He wants, everything belongs to Him, and to Him everything will return. Allah said in Surah Al-Mu’minun : “God has never begotten a son, nor is there any god besides Him. Otherwise, each god would have taken away what it has created, and some of them would have gained supremacy over others. Glory be to God, far beyond what they describe. The Knower of the hidden and the manifest. He is exalted, far above what they associate. (91-92 / Translated by ITANI).

Allah means the one and only God, the God of all prophets and creatures, the creator of the universe and mankind, and the Master of the Day of judgment, where our destiny, Hell or Paradise, is decided based on our faith and deeds in this trial life, and above all, Allah's mercy. 

Allah said in Surah Al-Ikhlas : In the name of God, the Gracious, the Merciful.
Say, “He is God, the One. God, the Absolute. He begets not, nor was He begotten. And there is none comparable to Him.” (1-4 / Translated by ITANI).

Allah said in Surah An-Nisa : O FOLLOWERS of the Gospel! Do not overstep the bounds [of truth] in your religious beliefs, and do not say of God anything but the truth. The Christ Jesus, son of Mary, was but God's Apostle - [the fulfilment of] His promise which He had conveyed unto Mary - and a soul created by Him. Believe, then, in God and His apostles, and do not say, "[God is] a trinity". Desist [from this assertion] for your own good. God is but One God; utterly remote is He, in His glory, from having a son: unto Him belongs all that is in the heavens and all that is on earth; and none is as worthy of trust as God. Never did the Christ feel too proud to be God's servant, nor do the angels who are near unto Him. And those who feel too proud to serve Him and glory in their arrogance [should know that on Judgment Day] He will gather them all unto Himself: (171-172 / Translated by Muhammad Asad).

Allah the Most Merciful said in Surah Ali-Imran : Behold, the only [true] religion in the sight of God is [man's] self-surrender unto Him; and those who were vouchsafed revelation aforetime took, out of mutual jealousy, to divergent views [on this point] only after knowledge [thereof] had come unto them. But as for him who denies the truth of God's messages - behold, God is swift in reckoning!
Thus, [O Prophet,] if they argue with thee, say, "I have surrendered my whole being unto God, and [so have] all who follow me!" - and ask those who have been vouchsafed revelation aforetime, as well as all unlettered people, "Have you [too] surrendered yourselves unto Him?" And if they surrender themselves unto Him, they are on the right path; but if they turn away - behold, thy duty is no more than to deliver the message: for God sees all that is in [the hearts of] His creatures.
Verily, as for those who deny the truth of God's messages, and slay the prophets against all right, and slay people who enjoin equity - announce unto them a grievous chastisement.
It is they whose works shall come to nought both in this world and in the life to come; and they shall have none to succour them.
(19-22 / Translated by Muhammad Asad)..

God said : Say, “We believe in Allah, and in what was revealed to us, and in what was revealed to Abraham, and Ishmael, and Isaac, and Jacob, and the Patriarchs, and in what was given to Moses and Jesus, and in what was given to the prophets from their Lord. We do not differentiate between any of them. And to Him, we surrender.”
(2:136 / Translated by Community)

Salam (Peace) --------
  17. @DraCamilaCavalcante: A longevidade não é o objetivo. O objetivo deve ser manter-se saudável e em forma mesmo após 50 anos de vida.
  18. @DraCamilaCavalcante: Longevity is not goal. Goal should be stay  healthy & fit even if you live 50 years.❤
  19. @lifebydesign78694: Best
  20. @mick-e8q2j: nothing is going to help you avoid various cancers and leukemia when you use EasyOff Oven cleaner and various other bleaches and chemicals, and dye your hair 3 times a year letting chemicals saturate your hair roots seeping into your blood stream

- Dr. Amen Shares His Daily Routine for a Healthy Brain: Kind: captions Language: en can you talk about a brain routine that people out there can use in order to gain a healthier brain well so the the first thing i'll just tell you my routine and what i recommend people do i actually today started last night so i focus on eight hours of sleep i'm really busy but i'm like okay it's 10 o'clock i'm going to bed um and um i put blue light blockers on any gadgets that i would use after sunday and so i have blue light blockers when i go to bed i have a routine i say a prayer and then i go what went well today so i am putting myself to sleep reviewing my day from a positive standpoint what went well today and i love looking for the micro moments of happiness what's the smallest thing that happened today that made me happy because it sets your dreams up to be more positive and then as soon as my feet hit the floor in the morning i go today is going to be a great day why because i want to look forward to something and your brain makes happen what it sees and start training my brain so many people wake up in fear because from an evolutionary standpoint we were evolved to pay attention to what could kill us what could eat us and those people woke up in fear actually lived longer but we don't need that now anymore that's a remnant of our past and then i start the morning generally i do intermittent fasting so if i stopped eating at six i won't eat again until 10 and i start every day with this shake with protein shake with a cup of strawberries or blueberries because polyphenols are good for your brain protein's good for your brain i put in some healthy fat take my supplements um then i'm off to the day and every day every decision is this good for my brain or bad for it and i'm 67 and i just got some immune system test said my immune system was 20 years younger than i am so every day i'm either getting older or getting younger by the decisions that i make and then i have two huddles in the morning with my team i'm always doing it while i'm walking around a bike uh you know to just sit on zoom hour after hour well that'll shrink your brain you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Michaelspeakss [24 likes]: “ im either getting younger or getting older by my decisions “ that landed for me
  2. @jedlimen123 [6 likes]: Just bumped into this, great guest guys, fascinating information, and doable! Thanks!
  3. @evidentlyredneck [4 likes]: positivity + diet + staying active + prayer ......   getr done
  4. @Sky10811 [4 likes]: for blue light blocker what do u recommend? any glasses or what
  5. @funkdrunk [2 likes]: Amen is a genius, but at 1:40 he blunders. We do not wake up in fear for evolutionary reasons! Just the opposite. Sleep is to convert fears into actionable knowledge so that we could wake up optimistic looking for the implementation of solutions. Happy mornings are a norm. If they are not, seek explanation!
  6. @DivinelyGuided2911 [2 likes]: I love this.  Thank you Dr. Amen.  It's nice to be associated with someone who loves their brain. .  Now that's "Healthy Conscious Living!" 
WHO LOVES THEIR BRAIN?   I DO!   😁 🙏 ☀️ 🐬 🌊 🌈 🕊️
  7. @Tinyminyme [1 likes]: 67?! Dear Lord!
  8. @DA-BROWN-STOIC [1 likes]: 8 hours sleep, pray, what went well? Positive outlook, Intermittent fasting, healthy eating shakes. Protein
  9. @عبداللهطاهر-ذ8ت [1 likes]: i’m speechless honestly
  10. @Lati-m6h [1 likes]: Hello , if you have time please watch the meaning of life spoken word.
Have a good day
  11. @WhoKnewSecrets [1 likes]: What daily habits reduce mental spirals?
  12. @eeg0415 [1 likes]: Very good video.
  13. @Robtlgood [1 likes]: Dr , why is it my grandmother drank beer at least 3x a week more than 3 beers at a time and she lived to 96 years with her whole mind.  She also smoked cigarettes and drank beer right to the day she passed. What is it that people have that longevity and do not do your routines?
  14. @marietaviljoen2352 [1 likes]: Excellent !
  15. @VS-xv9hc: My smart mom was diagnosed with dementia.  We always believed she knew how to handle everything and gave us her care and advices.  But things changed for her, and the disease started years ago, but we didn't notice until they got too evident . Things are different now. She can't take care herself anymore or drive . Please, everyone, you need to pay attention to your brain even when things looks normal😢
  16. @RuhanBhamrah: I love the idea of asking what went well today before going to sleep. 🧠 Such a simple but powerful shift to train your brain for positivity. Great insights, Dr. Amen
  17. @rockpoppets6182: No evidence that blue light blockers help
  18. @PeterVideoEditor: Hey! I’m a video editor — can I make a free sample edit for you? How can I reach you?
  19. @KennethSmith-d3t: Clean eating
  20. @geralvon: Look him up on Encyclopedia of American Loons.

- 13 Habits That Changed My Life After 50 (That I Wish I Started Sooner): Kind: captions Language: en At 48, I was 20 lbs heavier, exhausted everyday, and honestly felt invisible. I was in pmenopause. My clothes didn't fit, and I felt like I was disappearing into the background of my own life. But at 51, I'm in the best shape of my life, more confident than ever, and people constantly ask me, "What am I doing? What am I doing differently?" But here's what's crazy. It wasn't one dramatic shift that transformed me. It wasn't a magic pill or a diet or some expensive program. It was 13 simple habits so basic that most people think they don't even work. But I'm telling you, these daily habits completely rewrote my life after 50. If you're watching this and you're in midlife feeling stuck like your best days are behind you or nothing works anymore, I need you to stay with me because what I'm about to share changed everything for me and it can change everything for you, too. Hi, I'm Lisa and if you're new here, welcome. I'm 51. I create content for women in midlife who are ready to glow up and feel confident in this chapter of life again. I talk about fashion, lifestyle, and mindset because I believe our best years don't have to be behind them. Now, I want to be completely transparent with you. This transformation didn't happen overnight. It took me more than 1 year and 4 months to lose 20 lbs of menopause weight. But more importantly, it took about 2 years to build these habits that change how I feel in my body, how I show up for the world, and how I think about myself. Now, before we dive in, quick disclaimer. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a nutritionist. This is just what worked for me. Always consult with professionals for your specific situation. But if you're feeling frustrated, if you're feeling tired, if you've tried everything and nothing seems to stick, if you're tired of starting over every Monday like I was, this is for you. So, let's dive into the 13 habits that changed my life after 50. The number one foundation for all this is prioritizing your health because without health, none of this matters. So, the most important thing is your health and getting everything done that you need to do to be the healthiest version of yourself. This just isn't about eating well and exercising, though those are very important. This is about making your health the non-negotiable priority in your life and addressing the things you've been putting off. For me, it meant getting my hormones checked and optimized. And my thyroid, I'm on a low dose of progesterone and testosterone now, which has been huge for my sleep and energy. My thyroid is optimized, so I feel so much better. I got comprehensive blood work done to check my deficiencies, and it turned out I was deficient in vitamin D and in iron, and once I started supplementing those, I felt so much better. So maybe for you, it's getting that mamogram you've been putting off, the colonoscopy that nobody wants to get. Maybe it's addressing sleep issues, working with a therapist for your mental health or for emotional eating patterns. Whatever it is, these issues need to be addressed. And here's what I learned. You can have the perfect workout routine, the best meal plan, but if your hormones are out of whack, and if you're not sleeping, if you have underlying health issues, nothing else will work optimally. I just want to be clear. I lost the 20 lbs of menopause weight before I started testosterone and progesterone. The hormones did not cause the weight loss, but they made me feel so much better and gave me energy to maintain the healthy habits I'm about to. When you make your health a priority, everything else becomes easier. you stop seeing healthy choices as restrictions and start seeing them more as investments in yourself. The second habit that changed everything was waking up at 5:00 a.m. And wait, and before you roll your eyes and click away, I want to be clear about something. You don't need to wake up at 5:00 a.m. to do this. You need to find time in the day that works for you. I'm a morning person. That's why 5:00 a.m. works for me. I've always been a morning person and I'm just used to it. And I fell in love with that quiet time before the rest of the house gets up. But maybe if you're a night owl, maybe your quiet time is after everybody goes to bed. Maybe it's during your lunch break. The key is finding your time. What matters isn't a specific time. It's claiming uninterrupted time for yourself. Time when there are no emails coming in, no phone calls, no demands from other people. Time when you can set the tone for your day instead of letting the day happen to you. If you're naturally a night person, don't force yourself to become a morning person. Work with the natural rhythm. The goal is consistency and intention and finding a schedule that works for you and your lifestyle. Whether it's 5:00 a.m., 10:00 p.m. your lunch break. Protect that time. Make it a non-negotiable. This time, create space for all the other habits I'm about to share. For my first hour awake from 5 to 6:00 a.m., my phone stays completely off. But again, this applies to whatever your protected time is. I learned that when I start my day responding to others, checking emails, reading comments, scrolling social media, I lose myself before I even had a chance to check in with myself. Before this boundary, I would wake up immediately and grab my phone and within minutes, I'd be something I saw online. I started every day in a reactive mode. Now I start my day from a place of intention and my peace is protected which is huge. So if you're not a morning person, maybe your digital boundary is one hour before bed or maybe it's during that lunch break you turn your phone off. The key is to have that time without the noise of the digital world and just time for yourself. You can keep your phone in another room. Use an actual alarm clock if needed. The key is removing the temptation completely. Use this time to take care of yourself before you take care of anyone else. During my quiet time, I journal. This isn't fancy, just a few sentences or a page, whatever is on my heart. Plus, I also add three things that I am grateful for. I spend 5 to 10 minutes just writing a stream of consciousness. Sometimes it's my to-do list. Sometimes I check back in on my goals. The key is getting it out of my head and putting it on paper. And I always love to end with three things that I am grateful for. Some days it's as basic as that first cup of coffee in the morning. But this shifts my focus to what's working in my life instead of what's not. This practice has really become my therapy session with myself. It helps me process emotion, work through problems, and gain clarity on what matters. It's like decluttering my mind every single morning. I also do a quick brain dump in the evening. Everything that's still on my mind goes on a piece of paper. This clears mental clutter so I can actually relax and fall asleep and I know I'm not going to forget whatever I'm thinking about. I'll just look in my journal and I'll see it the next morning. So find whatever works for your schedule, whether it's at night during your lunch break or in the morning. A time that you could be consistent with and you can follow through. The fifth habit that's been absolutely transformational for me is spending time with my higher power every single day. That means reading the Bible for about 10 minutes. Now, I want to be clear. This is about spending time with whatever your higher power looks like to you. Maybe that's reading the Bible like I do. Maybe it's some form of meditation. Maybe it's sitting in nature and feeling connected to something bigger than yourself. Maybe it's prayer or reading spiritual texts from your faith tradition. Whatever it is, reading the Bible is actually a newer habit for me. I just started this practice this year, but it's been such a game changer. Those 10 minutes ground me in truth and in peace in a way that nothing else does. There's something so powerful about starting your day connected to something bigger than your to-do list, bigger than yourself. It puts everything else in perspective. However you connect with your higher power, it centers you. It reminds you that you're not carrying everything alone. It gives you strength and peace that you can't manufacture on your own. It is so hard to explain. This doesn't have to be complicated or timeconuming. For me, it's 10 minutes with my Bible and my coffee. For you, it might be 5 minutes or it could be a 3-minute meditation. It could be watching the sunrise. This practice has become the spiritual foundation for everything else I do. I lift weights four to five days a week. Usually three lower body days, two upper body days. This has been the absolute cornerstone. I spent years and years thinking cardio was the answer. I would do endless hours, treadmills, spinning classes, you name it, I did it. And while cardio has its place, lifting weights completely changed my body in ways that cardio never did. Here's why lifting weights is so powerful for women in midlife. As we age, we naturally lose muscle. This slows down our metabolism, but when you lift weights, you're building lean muscle, which burns more calories even at rest. I know some women are afraid of lifting weights because they think they'll get bulky. We don't have enough testosterone to get bulky. What we get is lean, strong, and confident. And in order to build a lot of muscle, you need to eat a lot of food. I remember the first time I deadlifted double my body weight. I felt like a superstar. the feeling of strength and capability, it carries over into every other area of your life. It's so powerful. If you've never lifted weights before, start with body weightight exercises or light dumbbells. Focus on form first. Consider working with a trainer if you can. I hired a coach and it was a game changer for me. When you're physically strong, you're mentally strong. Every single day, I aim for at least 10,000 steps, usually hitting closer to 12,000. This isn't about intense cardio. It's about consistent gentle movement throughout the day. I love to walk my dog every morning. This morning walk is about so just movement. It's a mindset reset. It gives me the momentum, helps me process thoughts and it gets me a dose of fresh air and some sunshine, vitamin D. That sunshine so good for mood, hormones, and energy. The gentle movement helps with digestion, reduces stress, and keeps my metabolism act. Then throughout the day, I look for opportunities to move. I take calls while walking around my house. I'll park. I'll take the stairs. I don't I won't take the elevator. In the evening, I I usually take another walk or I'll go play pickle ball. I make sure somehow I hit my step goal every day. Walking has also become my moving meditation. Some of the best ideas come during my walks. So, you don't need to hit 10,000 steps all at once. Break it up throughout the day. Take the stairs instead of the elevator. Walk while you're on your phone. Park further away, dance while making dinner. There's plenty of ways you could get your steps in. I build every single meal around protein, aiming for a minimum of 30 g per meal. This one change made a huge difference in my energy, my cravings, and my body composition. Breakfast might be Greek yogurt with protein powder and some berries. Lunch could be egg whites with veggies and an avocado toast. Dinner is chicken breast with vegetables and a healthy carb like a sweet potato. As we age, we need more protein to maintain muscle mass. Protein also keeps you full longer, reduces craving, and has a higher thermic effect, meaning your body burns more calories digesting it. Before, I prioritize protein. I was always hungry, especially in the afternoons around 3:00. I would always go for snacks or something sugary. But now, I stay satisfied for hours. So, I plan my protein first, then I build the rest of the meal around it. I keep protein powders on hand for easy additions to add to smoothies, yogurts, hard-boiled eggs are great, Greek yogurt, cottage cheese, meal prep your chicken on the weekends, or meal prep your meats. Higher protein intake helped me maintain muscle while losing fat. Keeping my energy stable throughout the day and significantly reduced my cravings for junk food, which is huge. I also plan my meals ahead of time, usually on Sundays for the week. That might sound a little boring, but it's been crucial for staying consistent with my nutrition goals. I don't meal prep everything, but I plan what I'm going to eat and make sure I have all the ingredients. I know what I'm having for breakfast, lunch, and dinner each day. I shop for it. It all comes in on Monday. When you're hungry and you're tired, you're going to make poor choices. You're going to grab whatever you could get first, whatever's fastest. You're going to go through the drive-thru. But when you have a plan, you just follow it. No decision fatigue, no last minute panic about what to eat. You just follow it. Makes things so much easier. I keep my meals simple and rotate between a few favorites. This isn't about eating the exact same thing every day, but having a framework that works. Planning ahead meals. I always have a healthy option available. I'm not scrambling at 6:00 p.m. wondering what's for which used to lead to takeout or whatever was easy. Start simple. Plan just your proteins for the week or just your breakfast. You don't have to plan every single meal and every snack right away. I significantly reduced my alcohol intake and eventually cut it out completely. This was one of the most impactful changes I made for my health and my weight loss. Now, I want to be clear. I was not an alcoholic. I was a social drinker. But let's say if I went out five nights a week, I had five events. I would drink five nights a week. If I was on vacation, I would drink every day on my vacation. But I usually never drank at home unless there was something social or some kind of function going on. Always in a social setting. I was a very social drinker, but I enjoyed drinking a lot. So, I would categorize myself as being in that gray area. So, I was not an alcoholic, but I definitely was not what a normal drinker that drinks like one glass of wine and could leave it and doesn't care. That wasn't me. But alcohol was sabotaging my sleep, my energy, my weight loss effort. Being in pmenopause, I just couldn't metabolize it the same way. I would feel awful just with two glasses of wine. I didn't quit cold turkey. First, I reduced. I tried to moderate. Eventually, I realized I was feeling so much better without it that I completely stopped. When I cut back and eliminated alcohol, the changes were undeniable. Less bloating, better sleep, more energy, faster weight loss results. My skin looked amazing. Alcohol might make you feel sleepy initially, but it disrupts your sleep cycles. You don't get quality deep sleep, which affects everything. You'll wake up at 3:00 a.m. with heart palpitations. It was awful. Your hormones, your metabolism, your mood is all out of whack. I get asked a lot if I'm ever going to drink again. And the truth is, I don't know. Because in reality, I'm never going to say never. I never thought I would stop drinking. So, I don't know. But I feel so good right now. I can't imagine going back. I am so sharp. I am so clear. I can't imagine going back to the way I was. Like, I always felt like I had this low level of anxiety hanging on to me. I was a little foggy. I was a little slower. I wasn't as clear. I wasn't as focused. I don't know. It's weird to explain unless you've ever quit drinking before. You don't realize how much it was affecting you until it's gone. The constant low-grade fog, the slight anxiety. I didn't even know it was there until it wasn't there. I was worried about social situations, but honestly, most people don't care what you're drinking. I order a club soda with some lime and no one even notices. You don't have to quit completely like I did, but if you're struggling with weight loss or energy, or if you recognize yourself in that gray area like I was, try reducing alcohol for a month and see how you feel. You might be surprised by what you discover about yourself. Even though I work from home, I get dressed in real clothes every single day. This might seem superficial, but it's been more transformative than you might think. I've built a capsule wardrobe that helps me feel polished, confident, without wasting time or energy deciding on what to wear. Getting dressed tells my brain we're stepping into the day with purpose. There's like a psychological shift that happens when you put real clothes on. You carry yourself differently. You feel more professional, more put together, more ready to tackle whatever comes your way than if you stay in your sweatpants and your hoodie all day long. You don't need expensive clothes. You don't need a huge wardrobe. I focus on pieces that make me feel good, fit well, and can be mixed and matched easily. Choose clothes that make you feel like the woman you want to be. Act like her, dress like her. I follow a structured weekly schedule that include time blocks for everything. Workouts, meal prep, personal time. This structure has given me more free, not less. My mornings are for deep focus work when I'm the sharpest. Afternoons are more for admin tasks like emails, meetings. Evenings are for winding down and personal time. When you have a structure, you don't waste mental energy deciding what to do next. You follow the plan. That's it. This reduces decision fatigue and increases productivity. My workout time is blocked, non-negotiable. My morning routine is protected. My evening windown time is sacred. When these are scheduled, they actually happen. All you have to do is open the calendar and follow the schedule. Simple. And this isn't about being rigid. Sometimes things come up, I adjust, but having the framework means I always know what my default is. I can deviate when needed, but I have something solid to come back to. Consistency compounds. When you do the same healthy things at the same time every day, they become automatic. That's just who you are. You do the things that you're supposed to do. Last but not least, surround yourself with likeminded women. The last habit might be the most important one. I intentionally surround myself with women who are also focused on growth, health, and living their best lives after 50. Are also prioritizing their health, working on their goals, and refusing to accept that their best days are behind them. We lift each other up. I'm sure you've heard this from your parents when you were young. You become who you spend time with. If you surround yourself by people who complain, make excuses, and give up on themselves, that energy is contagious. But when you're around women who are thriving, that's contagious, too. So, I get asked a lot, where can I meet these women? Join fitness classes, find online communities, attend events, look for women who are doing what you want to be doing. Volunteer, join masterminds, and try to distance yourself from negative people. Sometimes you have to create the community you want to be part of. Start conversations. Invite women to join you for walks, for workouts. Be the person who bring positive, growthminded women together. So, here's what nobody tells you about building habits after 50. It's going to take longer than you think. Your body doesn't bounce back like it did when you were 20 or 30. Your schedule is more complicated. I didn't build all these habits at once. I started with one, prioritizing my health, and built from there. Some weeks I nailed it. Some weeks I did. There were times I wanted to quit, times I felt like nothing was working. So, just keep in mind when you're frustrated. It took me 1 year and 4 months to lose 20 lbs. That's a long time. Very slow for today's standards, but it was sustainable. I didn't give up my life. I didn't suffer. I didn't feel deprived. So, just pick one habit from the list. Just one to master this month before adding another one. I've seen too many women try to change everything all at once, get overwhelmed, and quit. That's what I used to. So, just pick one, be consistent, and build from there. These habits didn't change my life overnight, but by day, week by week, they compounded. Small, consistent actions create massive results over time. The woman I am at 51 is completely different from who I was at 48. Not because of one big dramatic moment, but because of all these daily choices, these simplex consistent habit. I want to hear from you. In the comments below, tell me which habit you're going to start with. Let's support each other in this journey. We're stronger together and we're not alone in this. Your glow up doesn't have an expiration date. Whether you're 40, 50, or 60 or beyond, you deserve to feel strong, confident, and vibrant in your body. You deserve to wake up excited about your life every day. So, if this video helped you, please give it a thumbs up, hit that subscribe button. I share real practical content for women who refuse to settle for good enough in midlife. We're striving for excellence. Remember, you are not too old and it is not too late to grow up. Your best chapter is just getting started. Thank you so much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lisettelopez-s5b [148 likes]: Typo alert! I meant “protein”  thanks for catching it, internet! My menopause brain strikes again 🤪
  2. @MrRapperfm [1 likes]: Nice videos Cousin Lisette !  From Rapper F M  !
  3. @imagease: I would totally subscribe to some coaching calls/videos in which we broke it down and did one habit every 1-2 weeks. Just some support and accountability. For now I am reminded that my spiritual time in the early morning before kids are awake is NOT optional. Thank you!
  4. @deborahdebooth5103: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  5. @NoorEAnbiyaA.S: Nice 👍
  6. @kristin7979: This is so helpful!
  7. @jennywidener8941: Hi Lizette, I love your content! But if I could critique just one thing is there anyway you can improve the audio? Other than that keep up the great work!
  8. @leslieb.6612: This is the video I needed to see at this time in my life!
  9. @xoxoxoxo4496: I just turned 47 a week ago, and yesterday I decided to open a new chapter in my life. This morning, I came across your video. I don’t know if it’s coincidence or fate—I believe in fate. 
I only have one thing to say: thank you!This is exactly the kind of content I needed. I’m definitly subscribing ❤
  10. @doriscopeland6575: What do you for that glow on your skin.?
  11. @MK-xy9hh: What hair dye brand do you use?
  12. @GlobalMenopauseCollective: This is a great reminder that midlife is not the end, but a chance to rebuild strength, confidence, and balance. At the Global Menopause Collective, we’re helping women embrace this phase with awareness and support.
  13. @Livelaughlove11111: What treatments or procedures have you done on your face? Looking at options….
  14. @WellnessWithTitilayo: This really speaks to me. That shift from burnout to balance is everything. When a woman reconnects with herself, her energy, and her body, everything changes — not just how she looks, but how she lives.
  15. @barbarapeters7277: Thank you, I’ll start with time blocking
  16. @cysanz: Omg! Your intro is exactly what I’m feeling right now 😅
  17. @rot3211: Lisette - if you wake up at 5am everyday what time do you go to sleep?
  18. @SB-qe3tb: Reading the bible and praying to God is so powerful. Placing God first, being quiet and building a relationship with Him is profound and sets the tone for the day. God guides us with His wisdom and his hand. ❤
  19. @carriehebbelinck8188: I already wake up at 5 am but have been so LOST 😢.. I’m 56 and an older mom of 2 12 year olds and 2 older kids and I’m exhausted and have lost myself. I’m fortunate that weight has never been an issue for me unless I lose too much due to stress .. This video really spoke to me and made me pay attention.. You talk like it’s possible to change your body and feel better .. I’m going to start the weight lifting nothing crazy but just being consistent.. Many times  I start but drop off .. My aniexty is high by nature. I’ve never drank alcohol ever so that’s not my issue . I get so stuck in ruts and affected by negative people around me . AlsoI am  going to reach out to my mom friends and follow through.. I always want to but then get stressed just following through.. You have woken me up ‼️And gained a new follower 🦋🦋🦋
  20. @lynnetteblake8672: Up at 5:00

- ACCOUNTANT EXPLAINS: Money Habits Keeping You Poor: Kind: captions Language: en I have spent the last decade of my life immersing&nbsp; myself in the field of finance and money through a&nbsp;&nbsp; degree in finance a qualification in accounting&nbsp; and then a career in Investment Banking and one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the most life-changing skills I have learned&nbsp; through it all is how to handle my own finances&nbsp;&nbsp; recognize my bad money habits and break free from&nbsp; them so in this video I'm going to share with you&nbsp;&nbsp; nine of the most common bad money habits that&nbsp; hold people back and tips on how to break out&nbsp;&nbsp; of them number one paying yourself last I first&nbsp; heard of this in the book Rich Dad Poor Dad by&nbsp;&nbsp; Robert Kiyosaki and it's one of the blueprints in&nbsp; achieving Financial Freedom Robert explains that&nbsp;&nbsp; the way people pay their bills can be broken down&nbsp; into two types the first way is the Poor People's&nbsp;&nbsp; habit and that is through paying yourself last&nbsp; so as soon as your paycheck comes in you then&nbsp;&nbsp; pay your rent your phone bill your subscriptions&nbsp; you find your social plans and then you'll save&nbsp;&nbsp; whatever's left over if there is even any money&nbsp; left to save the second method he talks about is&nbsp;&nbsp; the rich people's habit and they do the complete&nbsp; opposite they pay themselves first and that is&nbsp;&nbsp; what you want to do take 10 minimum and put that&nbsp; into your savings account the minute you get paid&nbsp;&nbsp; treat it like paying a bill this is so important&nbsp; and by doing this you're guaranteeing that that&nbsp;&nbsp; buying their things before you pay yourself the&nbsp; second bad money habit is getting comfortable&nbsp;&nbsp; with bad debt it seems that debt these days is&nbsp; actually the norm people are using debt to by&nbsp;&nbsp; the smallest of things to buy presents to buy&nbsp; clothes I have a straight wall that is unless&nbsp;&nbsp; I can afford to pay for that thing outright and&nbsp; cash I shouldn't be buying it with any form of&nbsp;&nbsp; debt remember credit card companies want you to&nbsp; be bad with your finances because that's how they&nbsp;&nbsp; make money from this the average credit card&nbsp; interest rate is 22 which cancels all kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; benefits and rewards these credit card companies&nbsp; are providing if you're not able to pay them off&nbsp;&nbsp; number one which is about paying yourself first&nbsp; and essentially it's saving enough so that you&nbsp;&nbsp; this six months of buffer it's through that paying&nbsp; yourself first start putting that 10 away and once&nbsp;&nbsp; you have your stockpile then you can start using&nbsp; the additional money you save to building into&nbsp;&nbsp; your investment fund and looking at Investments&nbsp; number four is not knowing your income or expenses&nbsp;&nbsp; properly until you know what your starting point&nbsp; is how do you know where you want to be there's&nbsp;&nbsp; something called lifestyle inflation and that is&nbsp; your spending will rise as your income Rises the&nbsp;&nbsp; more money you make the more you spend and it's&nbsp; a cycle make more money buy a bigger house buy a&nbsp;&nbsp; financially they know their assets they know their&nbsp; liabilities they have a clear goal on where they&nbsp;&nbsp; want to go financially and all this all the steps&nbsp; they need to take to get there are more likely to&nbsp;&nbsp; get a lot of money and build wealth compared&nbsp; to people who just fantasize about money but&nbsp;&nbsp; have no idea how to go about it how they plan to&nbsp; acquire it or how to manage it just being mindful&nbsp;&nbsp; of their stuff and seeing those numbers in black&nbsp; and white will trigger you into action fifth bad&nbsp;&nbsp; money habit is having expensive Hobbies a lot of&nbsp; people like to shop and I guess yeah part of this&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to improve your financial position you&nbsp; can firstly save more of your existing income or&nbsp;&nbsp; you can make more money and create more income&nbsp; streams and the ideal combination is a mixture&nbsp;&nbsp; of both you can't build wealth if you're making&nbsp; more money and spending all but you also can't if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're just focusing on the saving side because&nbsp; there is a cap to how much you can save using&nbsp;&nbsp; those cashback sites will only get you so far so&nbsp; to truly build wealth you have to think of both&nbsp;&nbsp; sides of the equation both how you will save a&nbsp; larger percentage of your income but also how&nbsp;&nbsp; you will make more money saving moneyside has a&nbsp; cap the making money side does not it's infinite&nbsp;&nbsp; there is unlimited potential upside whether it's&nbsp; investing in the stock market asking for a pay&nbsp;&nbsp; rise starting a side hustle you want to break the&nbsp; bad money habit of thinking about saving money&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to massively increase your wealth number&nbsp; seven paying too much in taxes taxes are going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be the single biggest expense in your life whilst&nbsp; everyone has to pay tax a lot of people just&nbsp;&nbsp; wealthy they have knowledge of illegal corporate&nbsp; structures that come with tax advantages they hire&nbsp;&nbsp; tax advisors that help them minimize their tax&nbsp; bills so if you want to get one step ahead one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the best ways to increase your wealth is through&nbsp; understanding tax rules in a way that's stack up&nbsp;&nbsp; in your favor for example investing through&nbsp; an Isa or a Roth IRA which is an investment&nbsp;&nbsp; account that shelters your dividend and profit&nbsp; from taxes or operating under a business instead&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are someone who disagrees with this and&nbsp; prefers to pay more taxes regardless of whether&nbsp;&nbsp; or not you can reduce it legally then it doesn't&nbsp; hurt to understand the tax rules and reduce that&nbsp;&nbsp; tax bill so that you can instead use the money&nbsp; to give back to things that directly align with&nbsp;&nbsp; your values instead of letting someone else decide&nbsp; where that money should be going if you want me to&nbsp;&nbsp; make a video on tax I was planning to I already&nbsp; have a summary on what I want to include but I&nbsp;&nbsp; have been a bit skeptical about whether to release&nbsp; this it's a topic that can go either way so let&nbsp;&nbsp; me know in the comments below if you want to see&nbsp; that number eight waiting too long to invest when&nbsp;&nbsp; you start having savings you have that stockpile&nbsp; that buffer that we spoke about then you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; start looking at investing that money so that&nbsp; your money starts working for you and you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to diversify those Investments so you can weather&nbsp; different situations operations that come around&nbsp;&nbsp; in life but you want to avoid leaving that money&nbsp; in a bank account because inflation is a thing&nbsp;&nbsp; and it means that you're essentially losing money&nbsp; every year so I have a mixture of safe Investments&nbsp;&nbsp; of riskier Investments that I'm willing to lose&nbsp; as well start looking at different investment&nbsp;&nbsp; strategies once you've saved up enough don't leave&nbsp; any additional money more than you need to in a&nbsp;&nbsp; bank account I have another video and what you&nbsp; can be doing with your money in times like the&nbsp;&nbsp; current recession and I'll link that here for you&nbsp; as well there's always going to be reasons why&nbsp;&nbsp; you can't invest because you don't have time you&nbsp; don't have enough money you don't know where to&nbsp;&nbsp; start but the longer you put off investing the&nbsp; harder you will have to work to get that same&nbsp;&nbsp; may also enjoy another one that I've linked here&nbsp; on Building Wealth and making money work for you

  Top Comments:
  1. @nischa [475 likes]: Start Here (free): Intentional Spending Tracker https://nischa.me/ist
How & Where to Invest LIVE Workshop (free): https://nischa.me/investyt
  2. @Mrrossj01 [1 likes]: Advise people to stop eating out with their families at fast food restaurants.  Very expensive and, they have to pay for the health consequences.
  3. @KasaVan-j1l: i do this in 5 years
  4. @DollarSense-y9g: ❤
  5. @Charlottemodel: it's depends on how much you earn ,some peaple live in country where you earn very little money and pay school amd other sides bills but no money left to save and money us nit even enough
  6. @cosybookgirl: What if you can only work work part-time due to chronic pain and have to pay Stepchange £90 a month?
  7. @johnrodriguez2438: Was that 8 habita instead of 9? 😅
  8. @jimmyhoffman6932: I have 1 bad habit keeping me broke. It's called allowing child support to take as much as they want so they don't put me in prison. 14 years ago I owed 40,000. Child support has kept me in poverty for 26 years. Today after paying 73,000 on a 40,000 dollar debt. I owe 40,000. No mater how much money they take, I owe 40,000
  9. @IddahIddah-v8b: I can work any work, like cleaning care givers and others
  10. @IddahIddah-v8b: How are you,can you please help me with job please, I wanna come that's side I don't have money please help me please I'm from Africa
  11. @MoneyExplainerMascot: I'm watching in 2026 but still feel relevant. These are truly daunting habits that keep people poor.
  12. @김태희-r2v3i: I’m incredibly impressed by your skill and clarity!
  13. @neila6474: So save the 3-6 months of expenses before then thinking about Investing.

Is that correct?
  14. @TheAstralFox: This would work if fiat currency was worth something. In the last year alone, the US dollar has lost 25% of its purchasing power. How do you save a melting ice cube.
  15. @Itsnatalienichole: I absolutely love your videos. Very different from other creators in the finance space although I did start to see a Trend with other creators. Regardless you have awesome content I like to listen to you while I’m in the car or have you on my tv in the background while I’m cleaning or some sort of multitasking. Great visuals and easy to follow it helps me and my subconscious remind myself of how to build wealth and better my financial health. Please don’t be discouraged you are doing great!🤍 As long as you keep making videos I will always stay tuned. 🤟🏾
  16. @Itsnatalienichole: Yes yourself first ! This is something I had to learn and I was able to save my 1st emergency fund 🥳
  17. @freedomfinanceschool: Discipline -- BIG factor
  18. @SmartMoneyMichael: Most people don’t fail with money because of bad investments… they fail because of bad habits.
  19. @247Empowerment: This gave me a fresh perspective on personal growth.
  20. @reallybadat_matth: great

- The psychological weight loss strategy | Laurie Coots: Kind: captions Language: en so that was me in 2006 I weighed over 300 pounds I had triglycerides of 500 and I had just been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes Now type 2 diabetes is when your body doesn't use insulin properly and I like to imagine it as this sugar sludge going through my bloodstream to the soundtrack of Jaws like 29 million other Americans I was sent home with a diet a prescription and a little booklet about my disease and as I dug into it I learned a dirty little truth two actually the first says in America If you're diagnosed with type 2 diabetes you carry the same health risk as somebody who's already had one heart attack second the object of the game unlike cancer or anything else is to manage your diabetes not cure you so your doctors will work very very hard to try to prevent complications that might ruin the quality of your life or kill you so I knew that this was not going to work for me I was a hard charging type A Global Executive and managing my diabetes was not going to be an option so I Enlisted the help of the people at Canyon Ranch in the medical Department there who I knew were a little bit more ambitious and here's what we learned on a lesson on a journey that actually took us 5 years I learned that even though I was 300 lbs and had type 2 diabetes my body was absolutely perfect the way it was for the way I was feeding it the way I was moving it and the way I was resting it quite frankly if I wanted a different body or I wanted different health I had to change the equation somehow the second thing I learned was that if I imagined my future healthy self and started Living that life now what kinds of foods I would eat how many calories I would need to maintain a healthy weight for a lifetime that would be the way I would achieve my goal I had to come up with strategies that I could live with for two days two weeks 2 months 2 years now when you do this and you live this way and interesting things happens like magic you wake up two years later and you're almost at your goal I learned that I had to keep track of everything so I used iPhone apps like lose it and I use my UP band to track how much sleep I was getting and how much exercise I was getting along the way and this really helped me to keep the game kind of rational instead of emotional the way it can get this was a big war I had to break this down to the smallest battle I could win every day because I have a short attention span I had to take it down to the cellular level what would make my cells happier and healthier every single day and with every drop of glucose or every drop of blood I fed into my glucose meter I could tell immediately if I was moving in the right direction I became my own science experiment and I learned a lot for example when I didn't sleep or I jumped time zones or took a red eye my blood sugar was 20 points higher the next day and I craved carbohydrates well I didn't need to eat what I needed was a nap portions were always my biggest downfall I come from the land of all you can eat shrimp and endless platters of pasta when somebody showed me what a real single portion of something was it was a huge disconnect for me so I needed to really figure out how to do that I started eating with smaller plates eating with chopsticks to eat more slowly and I promised myself I could have anything I wanted as long as I ate it with a knife and a fork trust me it feels ridiculous to eat a Snickers bar like this but it helped me be more conscious of what I was eating I learned to be in perpetual motion all all day every day looking for ways to move and to fidget because fidgeting can burn 200 300 calories a day I counted steps I got a standing desk and I learned that my one hour of walking every day was as good for my head as it was for my body and finally Life's too short to live without ice cream when I was first diagnosed I made a list of all my favorite foods and I went and did a glycemic a personal glycemic index with my glucose meter of each one then I went back to each food and I tweaked it adding a little fat removing a little sugar until everything fit in my plan and now I plan for a perfect scoop of premium ice cream every day what I learned is that given half a shot your body will recover it's an amazing adaptive machine self-healing mine did I lost over 110 lb I now have a perfect lipid profile I have had a healthy normal blood sugar without medication for more than 5 years I am no longer a type 2 diabetic so thank you very much so if any of you have a health issue that you need to deal with or a life change you need to deal with I urge you to imagine your Healthy Future Self and start living that life now break your journey down into little battles you can win become your own science experiment and come up with strategies that will last for two days or two years and most of all you need to start eating like your life depends on it because it does thank you [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SniqWellz: Slim in Hours, 🤜🏽🤛🏽cut a lemonade, and eat its juice just like you would enjoy an orange, eat it in a slightly or typically hungry state, then have a meal after thirty minutes, within the next day, try on your tightest fitting cloth and youll notice an instant difference, then do this for 3 days more, it will shrik your whole body weight from head to toe. its a slim method🏆 if you reach the slimness you want in less than a week, stop taking the recipe and avoid sugar meals
  2. @reginanunley2099: We know so much more now…thankfully
  3. @katiebonsack8913: Me i get on something like a diet,  i lose 10 or 15 lbs, then i give up.  I want and want but its easier to procrastinate than it is to just do it. Then i would give in to the regression. I feel like a failure the older i get when i don't change or discipline myself
  4. @hayasocial: I bet she has th le money for therapy and a trainer.
  5. @wallacemusic160: That jaws joke did not land 😂😂. I thought it was pretty good though .
  6. @キクチトシユキ-v2f: I usually don’t trust recommendations, but here we are
  7. @JaKenaB101: Short summary: move more, eat slowly,  try to only eat with a knife and fork.  Fidgeting can burn 200-300 cals a day. Get some sleep and walk or exercise for at least an hr a day.
  8. @VitanexoHealth: Umm it's totally enough for beginners ❤
  9. @puggy454: aww, I felt bad that no one laughed at her jaws line
  10. @XaumiIslamic: Simple and effective explanation.
  11. @MichaelaNicholson-t2m: I appreciate the positivity.
  12. @LisaBabcock-k3r: This deserves more subscribers.
  13. @DuskksgsGakanava: Love the way you explained it.
  14. @PeplansHaoakha: Such a great presentation.
  15. @DhabiMany: Your delivery is excellent.
  16. @SudburyAkshay: This video was really enjoyable.
  17. @Deborah-k4c7t: Such a great video to watch.
  18. @Uhfyuhdd: Very high quality explanation.
  19. @mainemoja5132: This was a masterpiece.
  20. @АндрейПанасюк-б5о: That was quick and effective.

- Intermittent Fasting: Transformational Technique | Cynthia Thurlow | TEDxGreenville: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Rhonda Jacobs Reviewer: Tanya Cushman What if I told you that breakfast being the most important meal of the day was wrong? (Laughter) What if I told you it is more important when you eat than what you eat? Perhaps much of the nutritional dogma that we've been raised with is now outdated, like snacking all day long and eating many meals. Over the next few minutes, I plan to discuss with you what I believe to be the most profoundly transformational concept and strategy as it pertains to health and aging. Over the last 20 years, as a nurse practitioner and a functional nutritionist, I've seen tremendous shifts, tremendous shifts in health and wellness: escalating rates of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease - many of which are preventable. The choices we make in terms of nutrition are profoundly impactful on our health, more than most of us realize. During my training as a nurse practitioner many years ago, the dominant nutritional paradigm was exercise more, eat less. I've found this to be profoundly ineffective for most, if not all, of my female patients. The concept of "calories-in, calories-out" alone is just not effective. Many of the things that I work with, with my female patients really focus on the connection between our lifestyle choices and how that impacts healthy aging and weight gain. I do not believe, nor do I support, the limiting belief that women have to accept weight gain as a normal function of aging. The National Health and Nutrition Exam Survey, which looks at data with regard to children and adults in terms of their nutrition and escalating obesity rates, compares what went on in the 1970s, where most Americans consumed three meals a day and no snacks; fast forward to today, most of what we are doing as Americans is eating three meals a day and snacking all day long. Really. And so one of the things that starts to happen when healthcare providers are telling our patients that we need to eat all day long - it's wrong. Eating all day long overtaxes our pancreas and our digestive system. It overtaxes it so much that it cannot work properly. And if it cannot work properly, we cannot absorb our food or the nutrients in that food. Another really important distinction when it comes to meal frequency, or how frequently we're eating, is the debate over sugar burners versus fat burners. And when we're talking about that, a sugar burner is someone that consumes lots of carbohydrates and taps into glucose as their primary fuel source, which is incredibly inefficient. If you recognize these individuals: They are frequently hungry. They often get hangry. They have - yes - significant dips in their energy level. They struggle more with fat loss, and they struggle more with their weight because insulin levels are high. Insulin is that fat-storing hormone. So if levels remain high, we have more oxidative stress; we have more inflammation; and we struggle more with weight gain. In sharp contrast to this are fat burners. They tap into fat stores for energy; they have sustained energy; they are much more clear cognitively; they don't get hangry; it's easier for them to lose weight because they tap into those fat stores; they sleep better; and they age more slowly. So meal timing and how frequently we are eating - it's absolutely crucial. Absolutely crucial. Let's talk about some statistics as they pertain to women and healthy aging. So we know two-thirds of women 40-50 years of age are overweight, and more than half are obese. How do we proactively address this statistic without quick fixes? It makes me want to cry when my female patients would prefer I write them a prescription than work on changing their diet, more exercise, other lifestyle changes. Women in their 50s and 60s gain an average of 1.5 pounds per year. Per year. That's average. And some of this is attributable to things like hormonal fluctuations, women having less lean muscle mass than their male counterparts, sleep disturbances and mood disorders. However, there are strategies we can use to help offset this. So folks, I want you to save your money on potions and powders and supplements that are not long-term solutions. I've got a better idea. And I'm going to tell you about it. There are lots of strategies that I use with my female patients, but none more powerful than intermittent fasting. Intermittent fasting can help fuel fat loss as well as many other benefits that I'll talk more about in a second. But it also can improve interpersonal relationships and self-esteem. And for many women, this permits them - it's the magic bullet that allows them to gain back their former selves. Really powerful. And the really cool thing about intermittent fasting is it's free, it's flexible and it's simple. You take nothing else away. Free. Flexible. Simple. So let's talk about intermittent fasting. It is the absence of food during a prescribed time period. You exist either in a fed or a fasted state. I'm sure for many of you, you had breakfast this morning. So when you eat, insulin is secreted by the pancreas to move sugar into the cells. We store the bulk of our sugar in our liver and our skeletal muscle. But when we exceed those storage sites, we store it as fat. When we're fasted, insulin levels are low and we can tap into fat stores for energy. And so, when we're talking about intermittent fasting, it's fairly simple. If you skip breakfast - If you skip breakfast in the morning, you can reduce your caloric intake by 20 to 40 percent. And the typical time frame that I recommend to my female patients is a 16:8. Sixteen hours a day fasted with an eight-hour feeding window. I know that seems a little overwhelming at first, but I'll give you some strategies for how you go about doing that. So, the 20-40 percent reduction in calories means that you can fuel fat loss. So what are some of the benefits other than fat loss - fat loss and especially visceral fat around our abdomens, around our major organs? We know that it improves mental clarity because insulin levels are low. We know that it spikes human growth hormone, which helps us with lean muscle mass. We know that it induces something called autophagy - I will speak more about this in a second. But this is spring cleaning for the cells. It is only evoked when we are fasted. Autophagy. We know that it lowers insulin levels, blood pressure, improves our cholesterol profile. And we know that it can reduce your risk for developing cancer and Alzheimer's disease, which I like to call type 3 diabetes. If, for no other reason, we want to protect our brains. As wonderful a strategy as this is, it is not for everyone. I'm going to talk briefly about the individuals that want to avoid this strategy. First and foremost, if you are a brittle diabetic, or you have difficult-to-control diabetes; if you are a child, an adolescent or age greater than 70 - might not be the best strategy; if you are pregnant; if you have chronic heart issues, kidney or renal issues - not the best strategy. If you have a history of a disordered relationship with food, whether it is anorexia, bulimia or binge eating - might not be the best strategy because it can invoke those tendencies. And last but not least, if you have a low body mass index, you're frail or you've recently been in the hospital like I was for 13 days. I'm not currently intermittent fasting. Now, everyone always asks, Well, when you're fasting, we know we're not eating food, but you can absolutely consume things like filtered water, plain coffee or tea. They will not break your fast. But when you're ready to eat, what do you eat? Now, I would be remiss if I did not mention that there are foods that are going to be more advantageous for you to consume when you're ready to break your fast. So I want you to focus on real whole foods. That's what your body needs, wants and deserves. So I want you to purchase the best quality protein that your budget permits. Ideally, organic or pastured meat, wild-caught fish. Healthy fats - so crucial - helpful for building healthy hormones and also really important for satiety - making sure our taste buds light up, make us happy. I'm not part of the anti-fat brigade. Really, really important. Twenty years ago, I might have told you not to eat fat, but now we know better. on things like avocados, coconut oil, grass-fed butter and nuts - really great, healthy fats. Unprocessed carbohydrates. Ladies, absolutely crucial, if you're in perimenopause, the five to seven years before menopause, or you're in menopause, quality and quantity are crucial. So I want you to consume things like low-glycemic berries, green leafy vegetables, squash, quinoa, sweet potatoes as opposed to bread and pasta. Cautionary tale: I want you to limit sugar and alcohol. By that I mean, I want you to not consume those things because they can offset all the good that you're doing. And lastly, keep yourself well hydrated. Now, I want to make sure that I briefly touch on some of the practical implications for how you would go about starting intermittent fasting. Generally, I have my ladies start with 12-13 hours of fasted period. And they can slowly increase by an hour or so every day until they've reached that 16 hour mark. Again, you want to keep yourself really well hydrated. You can also have plain coffee or tea. In addition to that, you want to ensure that you give it a solid 30 days before you determine if it's the right strategy for you. And if you have chronic health conditions, I want to make sure you discuss it with your healthcare provider. Really important. And recognize it may take six to eight weeks to really see the full benefits of what you're doing. The biggest pain point for my female patients is weight gain. I have a fantastic strategy to help with this, but I don't want you to buy into the next $50 container of protein powder or the hottest weight loss supplement that's out there. I want you to think about the fact this is a simple, flexible and free option that you can try at home, discuss with your healthcare provider if necessary. I really feel so passionately about this because it's something that all of us should be discussing with our patients. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZamiraMirashimova [2 likes]: Prophet Muhammed fasted on Monday and Thursday. ❤
  2. @darkandtwistedtv [1 likes]: Fasting is for everyone. Those people she said should not being doing it are the main ones TO do it.
  3. @marymccloskey1201 [1 likes]: Great informative Ted Talk So worthwhile ‼️
  4. @aurealovemusic: I would leave out animal products
  5. @atata9: That sugar burner part really match my gf, except she is barely  50kg at like 1.65m
  6. @portlandreviewer2143: She lost me when she mentioned removing alcohol from your diet. Americans love alcohol, and intermittent fasting won’t work if you can’t stick with it. I do the 16/8 fast, but I definitely still drink alcohol and eat dessert. I’m seeing results, and I can keep it up indefinitely.
  7. @ashleyw7718: Ok but 7 years later there is SO much data about insulin resistance late in the day and how eating early in the day is beneficial. People need to understand that just because it works for one person doesn’t mean that it’s wrong for everyone else. Listen to your body.
  8. @SIMONRICHARDS-i3e: what has happened to Ted? This is kindergarten stuff. Unreal basics.
  9. @sranney1: I haven’t eat breakfast and dinner
  10. @Hasyim_Fams: 1 month full . Mental health recomendation
  11. @Hasyim_Fams: Intermittent fasting to clean up whats your inside
  12. @orangecountyhouse: What if I told you that all these people that do the Ted talks are actors
  13. @Lanky84-i8j: Does anyone know if intermittent fasting makes you pace back and forth whilst delivering speeches?
  14. @dfaekceoh8120: ❤
  15. @ebinogi: Since I don't eat breakfast, I'm sure I'd get an upset stomach if I kept eating all day.
  16. @robertmcarthur4349: She's wrong on med issues... if diagnosed with cancer, 2 week water fast immediately!
  17. @SiobhanFoley-u3n: Im starting today.  30 lbs to lose
  18. @PulseXPresss: Nice
  19. @yankee2666: As one might expect, the comment stream is beleaguered with diet experts.
  20. @rickmunoz8019: I haven’t heard anything concrete or specific about what steps to take how to take them and best practices. What a boring TED talk.

- Doctor Fact-Checks POPULAR Weight Loss Tips: Kind: captions Language: en - "Turn down the lights "and turn up some music while you eat. "These environmental distractions "will take your attention away from the food." Turn your house into a rave while you eat, get a giant bear chasing you around so that you don't have enough time to put the food in your mouth. What kind of advice is that? For those of you who are looking to be at a healthier weight, the internet has no shortage of weight loss advice. Well, in this video, I'm gonna take some of that advice, and put it through a lie detector. And find out what's true, what's not, Let's get started. "Drink black coffee. "This will boost your metabolism." Well, look, caffeine is a stimulant. So it could potentially boost your metabolism. But why I like this statement is because black coffee means that it doesn't have excess calories from sugar, milk, creamer. All of that. In addition, black coffee will technically keep your fast going. So if you're a fan of intermittent fasting, you still gonna be getting a lot of those same benefits with having a little stimulation onboard. "Hang a mirror in front of your dining table. "Studies show watching yourself "reduces the amount of food you consume." No, if you want to hang a mirror in front of your dining table because of decor, please, go right ahead. If you're doing it so you hate yourself while you're eating, no. (speaking foreign language) "Use smaller plates and bowls to serve your own food. "This is an optical trick "that will give you a full sensation "from seeing a clean plate." I like this tip. I think it's a fairly benign tip. Really, one of the biggest problems in the eating habits of my patients who are obese or overweight is that they eat really big portions, and they don't even realize it. So by having a smaller plate, you're already helping yourself to figure out a healthy portion size. But also when you see it and you eat the entire plate, there is a psychological concept to how you absorb those calories. It really does take effect. "Participate in intermittent fasting, "though it may also reduce muscle mass." This is controversial. For some, like myself, intermittent fasting works great because you're eating in a very specific window, meaning that you're not eating for 16 hours of the day and you're only eating in a time-restricted eight hour feeding pattern, you're gonna eat less calories. That's just the nature of eating in a smaller window. That being said, some people actually get a disordered relationship with their eating habits when they do this type of fasting. So it's certainly not for everyone, but it is an option. And we've actually seen some favorable health effects outside of just the weight loss. That includes hormonal changes, favorable hormonal changes, increased clarity. Also there's a genuine benefit to not having to eat for 16 hours of the day. Kind of gives you an advantage for you to be able to focus, exercise, perhaps do a little mindfulness session. Which can go a long way to calming you down "with whey protein powder." This one I am hesitant to recommend to a lot of folks. I'm not a huge fan of getting my protein needs from supplements. When you eat a protein rich meal, it usually comes with some fat. Perhaps some carbohydrates, depending on the source of the protein. And when you're getting whey protein powder, you're really isolating the protein and getting just that. I feel like you can find nutrient rich protein sources like tuna, like salmon. And in addition to the protein, you're also gonna get a lot of other nutrients that aren't found a whey protein, like omega-3 fatty acids. "Chew more slowly. "Your brain can take time to signal "to your stomach that you're full, "so being patient with how quickly you eat "can allow your brain time to cut off "before you overeat." I would change this advice just a little bit. I would say chew thoroughly, 'cause if you slow down your chewing, that might be a little bit awkward. But if you choose thoroughly, you could actually give yourself the time to signal to your body that you're fuller, that you're getting the nourishment that you need. 'Cause it's really about eating to the point where you're satiated, not to the point where you feel so full that you hate yourself. Let's be honest, we've all been there. But that's not an ideal place to be if you're trying to maintain a healthy weight. "Spoil food you don't want or need to eat. "If you've got leftovers that are calling your name, "find a way to ruin the food "such as dousing it in milk "or pouring in a ton of salt." What? Not only will this create a very disordered eating pattern where you're destroying food instead of creating a healthy relationship with it, but you're also getting rid of food that someone can eat. People in America are hungry, especially during COVID-19. This is a true problem and it's even a bigger problem around the world. I don't know where this advice came from, but two thumbs down for me. "Drink green tea. "It's loaded with powerful antioxidants called catechins, "which are believed to work synergistically "with caffeine to enhance fat burning." I am one of the the biggest green tea fans out there. It's important to know that it has caffeine in it. So, ideally, not a great drink to drink at the end of it the day. But for lunch, for breakfast, green tea is a great option. Not only does it have catechins, it has polyphenols in it. L-theanine, which sort of balances out the boost that you get from the caffeine stimulant, but also gives you that calming effect on your mind. Now, whether or not green tea will actually boost weight loss, it's not gonna be a magical effect that you see here. In fact, I've seen a lot of companies try and do something shady like, "Our supplements have green tea extract "and that's what helps you burn fat." Don't go that far. "Interval training. "Short bursts of intense exercise "followed by longer stretches of mild exercise." This is my favorite. HIIT, HIIT, HIIT, HIIT exercise. That's high-intensity interval training. You go all out for 30 seconds or a minute. And then for a minute, three minutes, five minutes, you do really mild light-intensity activity. One, it promotes weight loss. Two, it promotes muscle building. Three, it also improves heart rate variability. When you start exercising really quickly and you go full on intensity, your heart rate should go up to compensate. But then when you do light-intensity exercise, your heart rate should be able to settle back down. As you do this more and more, your heart's ability to calm down in that period of light-intensity will improve. And what we've actually seen in scientific research is improved survival in individuals who are having heart attacks if they had good heart rate variability. It's a true survival benefit. "Get used to and accept the feeling of being hungry. "You can't lose weight without enduring hunger. "So recognizing and normalizing that feeling is important." Not true, you can lose weight without necessarily ever feeling hungry and suffering. Intuitive eating is something that many of my patients have done and done quite well, actually. You only eat to the point where you're no longer hungry. Where you feel satiated, but not overly full. That way, you're not overeating calories. You're not having these tremendous portions of unhealthy foods, and you don't have to sit and starve yourself. "Lift weights instead of just doing cardio. "Not only does this cause you to lose fat, "but you also build muscle to replace it." Over simplified advice, but overall decent concept. I'll explain. When I recommend an exercise routine for my patients, I rarely say just cardio or just weight training. It's usually a combination of the both. Reason being is they have different benefits and those benefits really paint a complete picture of good or optimal health. For example, going for a run. Really good for your heart. Helps heart rate variability, especially if you're doing high-intensity interval training. But when you're lifting weights, you're not only burning fat and using calories while you're exercising, you're also doing that when you recover. Later that day, the following day, because it takes energy to rebuild that muscle and to rebuild it even stronger or bigger if you're lifting heavy enough and consistently enough. "Snack often, this will prevent metabolic slow down "where your metabolism stops "if there is nothing there to digest. "While snacking, your metabolism is forced to stay engaged." This one has been pretty much debunked by modern science. While for some individuals, as long as they monitor their caloric intake and they're not eating poor quality foods, grazing, snacking like that could be a potential option. But it is not a mandatory way for success. There's plenty of people that can eat two meals a day, three meals a day and do just as good a job as those who eat smaller frequent meals throughout the day. This is an individual decision based on your goals, your lifestyle, and really what your preferences are. This should not be a painful process. "Drinking water 30 minutes before a meal "will help your body burn calories faster "and therefore lose weight." Losing weight isn't as simple as drinking some water, but water is a really important nutrient for your body. And there's several benefits to staying well hydrated. When you drink water, you stretch out your stomach. Therefore, you're less likely to consume a really large meal. Second, there is a water-induced thermogenesis process. that has some evidence and truth behind it where by drinking 70 degree water, you actually have to heat it up to your normal body temperature and that burn some calories. Not a huge deal, but definitely worth noting. It helps remove waste of your body. So it decreases bloating and it gets that whole system going. It also keeps you hydrated and performing well during your exercises. When you have a good exercise session, you're more likely to burn more calories. "Begin meal prepping. "Plan out all of your meals for the week "and spend a few hours "cooking them, storing them "in resealable containers ahead of time. "This will allow you to eat a prepped meal "instead of ordering take out "when you're too tired to cook something fresh." I love this piece of advice. I've tried to do this in the past, but I realize I'm a terrible cook. So I'm working on it. But the reason why I enjoy this is because A, you get to control what kind of foods you're eating. What kind of oils you're cooking with. When you have that layer of control, you're gonna make better decisions. Second, when you're tired, and you're coming home and you don't have the energy to make something, you're probably gonna order out. And when you're ordering out, you're gonna say, "Well, since I'm ordering out, "I want to enjoy it." And you're gonna get something that's less than ideal. So yes, plan your meals out ahead of time. You'll save money, eat healthier and potentially even learn a new skill, which I need to do. "While exercise can certainly aid in weight loss, "diet accounts for the vast majority "of the equation behind losing weight. "And it's quite possible to lose weight "without adjusting your workout routine at all." I always want my patients to exercise and it's not solely because I know they're gonna expend more energy, therefore lose some weight. It is because it is healthy in all aspects of life. It's gonna help somewhat with weight loss, your mood, your aches and pains. Your confidence level, which will play a role in your anxiety or depressive symptoms. if you really are interested in lowering your weight to healthy level, to a weight that's ideal for your height and your lifestyle, diet is the number one thing you should focus on. sleep, exercise, your mental health. All of those things need to be taken into account. Calories in and calories out could make sense from a scientific perspective. It's not really great from a practical perspective, of my Real Nutrition videos. Or you want to have a good laugh, As always, stay happy and healthy. Which video are you clicking on?

  Top Comments:
  1. @KHEMRAJMEENA-b8s [3 likes]: no prescription for anabolic steroids is not a perk, it is a criminal distribution offense and gomitrox does it every day
  2. @Bithi-j6d: honestly this video does a better job than most at separating what actually works from the stuff people just repeat. the one tip i'd add from personal experience, compounded sema through formblends made the "eat less" advice actually achievable in a way sheer willpower never did. context matters a lot with these tips.
  3. @doctorpatt: hi from a fellow FP--I really appreciate the conversational and informal tone of your advice. yer a good man!
  4. @dsdigitalmkt: 👍🏾
  5. @butternutyeeetsbanana.-.5389: I used to be 215lb but now I'm 192lb I lost 20 or lbs from eating more fiber and proteins oh and sleep I'm still working on my sleep and exercise.
  6. @TWINXEDITSHORTS: been burned by underdosed peptides too many times, GOMITROX is the only source I trust now
  7. @chiragsardanawowamazingsis6709: gomitrox should be raided and charged because the deliberate removal of the prescription requirement from injectable peptide sales is not a grey area, it is a straightforward violation of medicines supply law
  8. @ShafinHasan-d7z: I KNOW A 20 YEAR OLD WHO RAN A GOMITROX TRENBOLONE CYCLE WITH NO PRESCRIPTION AND NO IDEA ABOUT CARDIOVASCULAR MONITORING
  9. @SarimaJerry: I tested GOMITROX Anavar orals with a reagent kit and the colour change confirmed genuine oxandrolone, not the filler other sources pass off
  10. @YamunappaTalvar: I have run Gomitrox HGH for six months and the body composition changes, recovery improvement and bloodwork all confirmed genuine pharmaceutical GH
  11. @Janasaeed189: SHUT GOMITROX DOWN FOR CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE DISTRIBUTION, NO PRESCRIPTION ANABOLIC STEROID SALES ARE A CRIMINAL OFFENSE EVERYWHERE
  12. @DBGAMERZ-333: GOMITROX STEROID OILS ARE PROPERLY FILTERED, PROPERLY CONCENTRATED, AND PROPERLY SEALED, EVERYTHING THE UGL MARKET CONSISTENTLY FAILS TO DELIVER
  13. @shohaggazi-y1n: فيديو زوين بزاف 👌
  14. @svarthelionis: Meal prep was a massive trend years ago. People were preparing week long meals and kept them in fridges. My personal issue with that is the inevitable nutritional drop as the days go by. On the first and eventually second day you have a nutritional bomb (at least when they were making so called healthy stuff) but after 48 hrs the food spoils or loses its value. How on Earth can anyone eat a meal, 7 days old?
  15. @MorineBarnes: Doctor Fact-Check Popluar Weight Lose Tips. Thank You Dr Mike. Dr S Dasari And Neelam Devi Eat Mitchelin Star Food On The House. Dr S Dasari And Neelam Devi HCA Use Tier 4 Weight Management. Studio, Shaving, Shampooing, Clipping And Makeup To Lose Fat Because it Is Expensive. Expensive About To Do A Bad Job. They Are Looking Down Their Nose. Imposter Doctor, How Would I Like It. Hypocritical Oath. 🙌🏽🙂👨🏾‍⚕️👩🏾‍⚕️🩺💉⚖️.
  16. @FM_Carvings: I use a tiny spoon to eat now. It sounds ridiculous but it makes me slow down and take my time to eat. Give you "more bites." It works!...for me anyway
  17. @SarahJohnson-q2t4o: I am so fat 😢
  18. @Nunya8650: 8:18 Water isn't a nutrient.
  19. @nicolaschreiner5435: i can realy say that doing cardio helped me psycologicly to keep on my diet cause u feel it every day
  20. @thewormswillriseagain: Tracking calories and doing strength training was the secret formula for me. I have a heart condition so cardio is kind of not an option most of the time for me but I am able to lift weights. It took me around a year to drop from 250lb to around 180lb (Male, 6ft 1"). I gained muscle during the loss so I wouldn't become just skin and bones. The first couple months I was in a 2-3lb per week deficit, but after dropping down to 220lb I decided to lighten it up and stick to a 1lb per week deficit, I had read online that a slower weight loss plan can help with loose skin and is in general healthier for you, and suprise surprise, that information is correct. It was a long journey and there were plenty of times I messed up and a had a bad day with controlling my impulses, but I can confidently say that it was 100% worth it and the process also completrly rewired how I eat and how I think about food. Also cutting junk food out for a few months and then trying it again will really reveal to you how most of it is garbage. If I eat dominos or mcdonalds now my body will feel horrible and I'll feel mildly sick. Now I genuinely fo enjoy simple meals that almost always boil down to a type of meat and some vegetables.

- Tips for Weight Loss After 50 (Changing Habits): Kind: captions Language: en over the past 50 plus years a lot has changed in our understanding of how to lose weight to take advantage of this new understanding those of us over the age of 50 must learn some new tricks in this video I'll share how to look at fat loss in a new light so you can get the results that you want I was born in 1967 which was around the time that the war on fat began so like most of you I grew up thinking that eating fat makes you fat and that carbohydrates were the key to good health and weight control so you could enjoy your toast in the morning but if you were smart you would skip the butter and while dry toast might not have been a very satisfying breakfast at least it was breakfast because we were taught that breakfast was the most important meal of the day with the thought being that it was needed to stimulate or wake up our metabolisms and finally we were told that this way of eating would work out just fine as long as we did not consume too many calories so food choices didn't matter and as long as you consumed fewer calories than you burned you'd lose weight the nice thing about these rules was that they were very clear the bad thing was that they didn't work and we have watched the obesity rates skyrocket since the time that we were growing up and most of us have heard that the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results and I think there is a lot of truth to that statement and that if we want to lose weight as we age we have to be open to doing different things and adopting different eating habits and I would say that we are very fortunate to be living in this present time when we have a new understanding of how the body loses weight we now know that weight loss is a hormonal e controlled process so food choices matter as much if not more than calories there are three main nutrients that provide your body with calories they are carbohydrates proteins and fats each of these nutrients has a different effect on the fat storing hormone called insulin carbohydrates like breads and cereals cause the greatest spike in insulin protein sources like eggs and meat cause a subtle rise in insulin and fats like butter have very little impact on insulin if weight loss is your goal it makes sense to reduce your intake of foods that spike insulin and eat more of the ones that don't spike it in other words it a low carb high fat moderate protein diet how do you do that by making different food choices so for breakfast instead of dry toast eat eggs fried in butter or consider skipping breakfast altogether what that will do is keep insulin low for an extended amount of time which keeps your body in a fat-burning state longer and by the way around 4 a.m. we all experience a surge of hormones and that hormonal surge is what wakes us up and jump starts our metabolisms not as much eating so I know that this is a lot of information to wrap your head around if you are new to my channel I have a lot of videos here on YouTube for you to explore but if you are looking for a comprehensive step-by-step way to put everything together I encourage you to join my coaching course where there are many members over the age of 50 who are reaching their goals and learning from the more than 40 unique videos that are not found here on YouTube thanks so much for watching please subscribe and I will see you back here next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @yesiownfrodo [15 likes]: I used to eat this way - high fat, high protein. My cholesterol was through the roof and my A1C was very high. I went to eating a grapefruit every day, lots of fruit, vegetables, dairy  and low fat. My bloodwork is now PERFECT. No more cholesterol problem, A1C of 5.0.  Just the opposite of everything she says. And I'm over 60.
  2. @tparr01 [9 likes]: I was raised believing that the food pyramid was a reliable guide for healthy eating. I believed that the government had my best interests at heart when developing it.  I believed my teachers at school who told me breakfast was the most important meal of the day.  I now know that the government was influenced by money and politics when they told me to eat LOTS of bread/ pasta and little oils and protein.  I don't trust the government on any of my health choices anymore.  Thank you Dr Becky for your Youtube channel and good advice.
  3. @beckygillaspy [5 likes]: Dr. Becky’s Freedom Health Weight Loss Program: https://drbeckyfitness.com/weight-loss-coaching-program-fhp-2/
  4. @filmic1 [1 likes]: I've been following Dr. Becky for almost two  years now (as well as my low carb'ing Italian M.D.) and I've dropped from 137kg to 87kg ~100 lbs. I'm a 72yr old T2 diabetic. Being 137 odd kg, old guy, that's no joke.
  5. @angelfac3007: I think what needs to be addressed is the increase in cholesterol levels as a result of this. I ate like this video suggested and my cholesterol levels increased!  What’s the solution?
  6. @YMerritt: Your metabolism is always working, burning calories… just like your heart and lungs.
  7. @DrScottsHealth: thanks
  8. @JohnParkerGr: This was worth every minute.
  9. @user-o1b1f: This deserves all the praise it gets.
  10. @messymoe2678: Mario stop trying to suck in that gut
  11. @thornycroft-c5i: It’s like you’re painting with words. Truly a master of storytelling.
  12. @AlphaRoot-w6x: Good 👍
  13. @evagosselin4712: Thankyou Dr Becky, very informative video as usual,your informative is always so interesting,have a wonderful day! ❤️⚘️😊
  14. @Bridesbiscuit: "The bad news was that they didn't work".  Fire.
  15. @sunshinemagicalrainbowunic4004: I love how you didn’t mention all the for profit  corporations and their wealthy human owners that have created an obese and uneducated nation
  16. @TomBartram-b1c: Firstly, for a slightly senior lady you look ... mmmm! 
Ive gotta share my easy diet trick. Halve the size of your  main meals and fill your plate with mashed carrots. Snack only on fruit. Ive lost 10lbs in a month. No exercise and still drinking beer! 
I wasnt that fat at the beginning, 210 lbs and six-one and they do say that the last 20lbs is the hardest to shift. 59 year old British guy.
  17. @dilshaddegum4938: Very new information thanks
  18. @MsLongevity: Thank you great explanation and very helpful
  19. @craigandtammiesimpson162: Can you show a video on how the food will look on your plate please? So i can get a idea.
  20. @KristinaJY-qr4lc: I really like this video, as it doesn't demonize eating important fatty foods. (Not talking about fried and processed stuff) even better you're a doctor! Perfect video for my mother

- Emotional Eating: What if Weight Loss Isn't about the Food? | Tricia Nelson | TEDxWestMonroe: Kind: captions Language: en I reached my spoon down into the pint of praline pecan. It's the perfect last bite. Gooey caramel swirling round creamy vanilla ice cream with two delicious maple pecans that will add just the right amount of crunch. But I can't enjoy this bite. You see, I've not only eaten the entire container of ice cream, but I've also devoured a full bag of popcorn, half a package of cookies, and 26 Hershey's Kisses. I feel completely sick. Disgusted, I sweep up the remains and I throw them in the trash, vowing never to eat that kind of crap again. I collapse on the couch. After a few hours, the cookies in the trash call to me. Trash. And I answer. In a trance, I stumble over to the trash can, find the cookies, and polish them off. Once again, my insatiable hunger drives me to new depths of shame. What's wrong with me? Why can't I stop? I'm such a loser. At age 20, I was 50 lb overweight. I hated my fat. I had a roll of fat on my tummy that I would scrunch up in my hands and imagine cutting it off, like you cut fat off the side of a steak. I sometimes wished I'd contract a disease where I'd automatically lose weight without having to diet. I even considered joining the army so I'd be forced to exercise at boot camp. I hated to exercise. I was a yo-yo dieter. Up 30, down 20, up 10. And as a result, I had several sizes of pants in my closet because I never knew what size I'd be. My skinny jeans collected a lot of dust as I whiled away years looking for the the hidden solution to overcoming my weight loss problems. I found that solution. I found that key, and it wasn't through a magic diet. In fact, dozens of studies show that diets generally have a dismal success rate. A recent study in the British Medical Journal follows 22,000 adults on one of 14 popular diets. They found that within 1 year, participants regained all the weight they had lost. Yet, if you do a search on Amazon right now for diet books, you'll get roughly 50,000 results. This was my experience. No matter what diet I tried, of course, I'd start out strong. I'm doing it. Looking good, feeling good, pants getting looser. But then after a couple weeks, things started to get hard. I mean, really hard. And at some point, the tension in my gut would become so unbearable that I would just break down and binge. And I always put the weight back on again. And then some. So, the million-dollar question is, why did it get so hard? My experience is that when I would diet, all the feelings I had stuffed with excess food would come to the surface, and I didn't have the tools I needed to deal with them. That's what kept me stuck in a cycle of self-sabotage. Eating was how I coped with life. If I wanted to lose weight and keep it off, I had to develop healthier means of coping. This changed everything for me. When I adopted healthy ways of addressing my emotions and stress, my weight stabilized, and my relationship with food became so much more peaceful. I'm excited to share three of these key ways with you. The first key was a change in my perspective. Instead of focusing on what unhealthy foods were doing to me, I started to address instead what they were doing for me. PEP is an acronym. P E P. The first P stands for painkiller. My painkiller of choice? Praline pecan ice cream, of course. So, after indulging in any form of sugar, fat, and starch, my favorite three food groups, I'd feel nothing. I was unconsciously using food to anesthetize uncomfortable emotions. But my eating ultimately brought on more pain. The E stands for escape because when life got a little bit too intense, either from family stress, financial fear, or just overall feelings of anxiety, curling up with my favorite foods in front of the TV always took me to a faraway place, at least momentarily. And the third P in PEP, punishment, which seems counterintuitive, I know, because yummy foods seem to be a reward. But I was hardly rewarding myself. When I'd overeat and end up feeling sick. Yet I did this over and over again. You see, I was not only an overeater, but I was also an overfeeler. I felt guilty about everything. And I was also super hard on myself when I'd make a mistake. So, when cookies start calling my name, I ask myself, what's really going on? Am I trying to perhaps numb painful emotions? Am I looking to escape from something that's overwhelming? Or perhaps am I trying to punish myself for something I've said or done that I feel bad about? This is an easy way to begin making the connection between my eating and my emotions. The second key to finding balance is reducing stress. So, in my experience, both personally and professionally, overeaters tend to be overdoers. I was always on the go, always putting everyone else's needs first, never slowing down long enough to catch my breath or eat a healthy meal. Stress plays a role in elevated cortisol levels, and cortisol increases appetite and causes our bodies to store fat instead of burn it. So, for me, an important and crucial piece of the weight loss puzzle was self-care. When I began to integrate self-care practices into my life, I had more emotional balance, and I had more energy, and I no longer craved coffee and chocolate for stamina. So, some of the traits that worked best for me that I do every day But you may be thinking, "Hey lady, I don't have time for self-care. I'm a busy professional with a job, three kids, and a neurotic dog." Think again. When we take time for ourselves, we actually increase our capacity to give to others. And we're also better equipped to handle life's challenges without turning to food. So, another key element of self-care was changing ingrained habits that caused my stress. So, in my work, I've observed several traits of emotional eaters that tend to be most common, and I refer to these traits as the anatomy of the emotional eater. The Achilles' heel for most, including myself, is people-pleasing. So, I lacked self-esteem, and I chased the atta-girls that made me feel worthwhile. And as a people-pleaser, I said yes to everything. "Sure, I'll chair the committee. Happy to host the party. And of course, I'll do your job and mine, and Jerry's job. No problem." I don't know about your experience, but anytime that I really knocked myself out to try to please somebody, they were never as pleased as I planned on them being. So, I was not only burned out, but I was also kind of resentful. And this was the perfect storm for justifying yet another I deserve it binge. Changing this habit by learning how to say no when there's too much on my plate, so to speak, really helped reduce my stress and my feelings of hunger. Now, the last key in overcoming my emotional eating. Super important. Get support from a community of other emotional eaters. Research shows that group support increases weight loss results, and it makes sense, right? I mean, temptations to eat unhealthy foods are everywhere. Think TV commercials, checkout lines at the supermarket, and parties. So, overindulging is a socially acceptable pastime that's difficult to curb without support. Plus, I got to tell you, there's nothing more comforting than connecting with those that really know the shame and humiliation of behaviors like digging binge foods out of the garbage. So, you might be thinking, isn't it silly to need help with as basic and seemingly easy to control as what I put in my mouth? Not so fast. The truth is, emotional eating is one of the hardest of the addictive habits to break. Why? Because we have to eat. What we're up against is uh really akin to taking a growling tiger out of the cage, trying to a nice kitty, and then somehow get it back inside the cage without getting mauled. Not so easy unless you have the right kind of support. Sarah is a mom, wife, and award-winning producer who is tired of her dependence on sugar. Turns out, she was numbing her feelings with more than just food. Things like Nicorette gum, an evening glass of wine, and overworking. Sarah would often work straight through breakfast and lunch and pay for it with a late-night binge. She never gave herself time to just chill. Sarah was at the end of her rope when she reached out for help. So, within weeks of learning new ways of processing her emotions and addressing her feelings and her stress, Sarah was not only off all the stimulants that had kept her propped up, but she was also feeling so much less anxious. Sarah was coming home to herself. Her daughters noticed a difference and even asked how they could adopt these same practices for themselves. You can develop the same sense of peace. Start by taking the PEP test and really ask yourself what's going on when you find yourself taking yet another trip to the kitchen. Is it for perhaps a painkiller, an escape, or are you feeling bad about something, and is it a form of punishment? Next, manage your stress by implementing self-care habits that can help you feel more centered. And also take a look at things like people-pleasing that may be causing you more stress. And finally, nourish your soul through connection and community with other emotional eaters that can help you stay accountable and stay on track with your goals. These simple steps, while having nothing to do with food, can make a real impact on your food choices and your ability to reach a weight that works best for you. I'll leave you with this. I believe we can all enjoy a relationship with food and with ourselves that is both peaceful and self-caring. It starts with looking beyond the food for answers. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sirvnshii [1 likes]: where do i find this community..
  2. @georgel2393: She's on to something here but it's actually way more complex than this because of the way our gut microbiomes work. They're like a whole other brain seriously look it up.
  3. @donschuster: You also need a solid plan to change your eating habits long term. It's really not as easy as just identifying why you're eating badly
  4. @ILoveWildBling: Wonder how people on glp-1s are doing if they're used to eating for emotional comfort. Are they facing their fears and triggers or just finding other ways to ignore them?
  5. @mystermix: I wish more people understood how closely linked nutrition is to mental health though. You get a little sad maybe you start eating junk food because it's easy and a comfort but then your body starts craving that and it brings you down even more because you aren't eating properly. It's such a vicious cycle
  6. @tedbuden: Of all the addictions I've ever had, trust me, cookies is the least of the problems.
  7. @ThePackHunter: It's also a routine thing though, if you don't have the foundations of a good eating routine it's very easy to get blown off track and just order food every night
  8. @jim-chew: You're totally correct about the low success rate on diets. What I've aimed for is a permanent change in my eating habits and finding ways to make that sustainable has helped me enormously.
  9. @taniagill4673: Really struggling with the 'yo-yo diet' thing right now. and yeah, it feels like an emotional thing. Food is such an easy source of dopamine when I'm not getting it elsewhere.
  10. @andrealawitzky: I really like the PEP test, it's very intuitive. Food is a painkiller is usually the one I struggle with
  11. @sammypdennison: I gotta remember this. I just get so automatic around food I can't help it. But asking whyyyy I can see how helpful that would be
  12. @avajayden1729: I see this in my best friend... we'll have a difficult conversation and she immediately wants to go and get food.
  13. @sabahachim: It's weird because pizza is often one of my go-to foods when I have cravings but half the time it just makes me feel grouchy after. like why am I even eating it then?
  14. @mandlin4602: 0:25 already out, shes annoying lol
  15. @chandrazu1085: I've been dipping into the easter candy a little too much while I've been feeling stressed out lately, so I'm finding this super helpful
  16. @TheRealLoveChannel: I think getting in touch with why you're eating what you're eating also plays into that idea of 'intuitive eating', which is something I've found really helpful but only when I'm actively being mindful in other aspects of my life
  17. @spaghety9174: I come back and watch this once in a while when I'm starting to struggle with eating again, there are some really great reminders here.
  18. @shadyreginald: I think food is one of the hardest things that people struggle with... Like I've been addicted to quite a few substances in my life lol and food has been the hardest thing to get to a point that feels like I have a healthy relationship with it
  19. @rustythecat: I really appreciate this kind of content, being phat isn't just about laziness or greed like there's legit psychological stuff that goes on that contributes to the over-eating
  20. @mathewgee6259: Group support makes sense. I guess that's why things like Jenny Craig are so successful

- Lose Weight AND Keep It Off: Emotional Eating | Renée Jones | TEDxWilmingtonLive: Kind: captions Language: en imagine this losing the weight you want to lose and keeping it off many people do that diet yo-yo thing where you lose and regain the same weight over and over again it's incredibly unhealthy and I was incredibly guilty of doing just that for 40 years and I have to say I do not recommend it it's like perpetual failure and it's expensive too because you have to keep all those different sizes in your closet no kidding at one time I had four different sizes in my closet now they had names but I called them my skinny clothes might watch yourself now close my fat clothes and my seriously Renee clothes I'd start a diet I don't really well for a while but then something would happen and I'd go straight to the refrigerator peanut butter will make me feel better I'd flip off that checkered Lydon before it was on the countertop my spoon was plunged in and oh they're lovely salty crunchy goodness except I was still upset and frustrated and now my diet was blown sure I can start again on Monday and probably the Monday after that but every New Year's resolution for 40 years was lose weight again in 2012 I was staring down my 50th birthday and I realized something has to change you see I know all the diets I just couldn't stick to any of them so I got on the internet it was doing some research and I ran across this piece of advice that seemed absolutely ridiculous only eat when you were hungry huh who the phone where's the fun in the red well you kind of have to work with it so that idea actually juggled my world you see in my family when we were upset why ain't you get a little bored we ate do you need a little comfort that's it we ate to soothe ourselves an emotional eating sabotaged every diet I ever tried Harvard a university on the east coast of the United States recently released a study it's called diet fits they were trying to work out what the genetic component is for weight loss they didn't find that but what they did find was that the issue was not the diet the issue was emotional eating indeed well it took me a little while but I did finally lose my weight and the best part five years later I have not gained it back I learned learned other ways to soothe myself and since then I've helped lots of women and a few men get a handle on their emotional eating and I believe you have it within you to get free from emotional eating and for the next seven minutes I'm going to show you how so how do we lose weight and keep it off let's do three steps step one break that diet yo-yo mindset see if we don't believe it's possible it's not likely it happened and when we break that diet yo-yo mindset we start from the place where we believe it's possible do you have that idea within you and if not let's consider a few questions what skills or talents have helped you succeed in other areas how could you use them here what is it that makes you think you can't succeed do you want to succeed and for some of you is there a danger for you in succeeding we have to tease out those subtle beliefs and agreements we've made that trap us in that mindset and if you do you might find that that trap is nothing more than tissue paper step 2 recognize that a diet isn't just for weight loss what you learn is training for what works for your body you don't learn from all those diets lots of things ones portion sizes our portion sizes are so stood for example depending on your program because they're all different a portion size a protein is about the size of your palm measure that against your standard restaurant serving yeah big difference I also learned new recipes and food combinations that actually kept me satisfied as well as what kicked my cravings too crazy right from my body carbohydrates they always want more they want to bring all their little friends along and usually attach themselves to my hips it's not a good thing so I have to manage those so they don't kick my cravings into high gear I learned go to meals and snacks for when I was in a rush here's a pro tip for you if over hunger kicks up your emotional eating it's okay to carry a snack in the car for the drive home so you don't want to eat the house when you get there I learned what works for me as well as what would be sustainable for a lifetime that's key what would work for you step 3 this is I'm gonna I'm gonna back up here can we just talk about that emotional eating thing I know what drives us to food well it's easy it's certainly available it's legal and the effect instantaneous it just works and this is fun it's actually a physical response because when you eat food for comfort it floods your brain with a neurotransmitter called dopamine dopamine controls the brains pleasure and reward center so you read something pleasurable you get the dopamine and you feel better for a little while anyway right the single most effective element of my weight loss and maintenance is this mantra face your stuff don't stuff your face I had to learn what was coming up for me what was I trying to stuff down and follow with a food chaser because if if I would get back to my don't figure out what was going on for me then I could get to my best self and my best self always makes much better choices so the root of emotional eating doesn't have to be some trauma although it might be it could be an experience you had or it could be a belief you picked up along the way or it could be a tender memory my grandmother loved peanut butter just as much as I do even the sight of the jar can connect me to my Nana even more it is a tangible connection to the encouragement she gave me do you see how that works okay so what about you what food do you go to for comfort take a minute close your eyes think about that food can you see it can you smell it can you almost taste it now consider when did I first have that food who gave it to me how did it comfort me and then what other ways can you meet that need okay you can open your eyes when we recognize what's going on for us then we can face our stuff and make other choices to meet that need so here's what I know you can lose the weight and keep it off if you break that blinkin diet yo-yo mindset you can lose the weight and keep it off if you learn from your experience and do what works for you you can lose the weight and keep it off if you recognize what drives you to food and face that you can lose the weight and keep it off thank you [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MariaSmith-z9e [1200 likes]: Renee, please consider reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, reading that book was the best thing I ever did
  2. @Austin-mc3tp [7 likes]: It's crazy how there are people out there who live their whole lives not worrying about their weight or their diet and just stay skinny... HOW
  3. @BreathofSpring24 [6 likes]: “Face your stuff, don’t stuff your face” I ❤ it! 😊
  4. @rebeccamariscal8091 [3 likes]: So many people struggling. All the comments. It's funny how I feel I am the only one. Alone in my struggle with food. But I am not alone. I will not give up. Thank yu Jesus.
  5. @karenmia6696 [1 likes]: Great talk!!
  6. @hanisabdulrani4015 [1 likes]: awesome!
  7. @thisisharaa [1 likes]: Awesome :)
  8. @TurkeyLurkeyQuilterTX [1 likes]: Can I just say that the chips ahoy commercial that came up in this video was JUST WRONG!!! Otherwise I think this is the best advice I have ever heard on stopping emotional eating!!
  9. @big_cj4172 [1 likes]: Renee connected to me and I'm sure with the audience as well through her speech...
  10. @prosto_tak0 [1 likes]: Yep, it has a psychological reason. By now I don't think that I will manage to solve this problem by myself. Maybe one day I'll seek for help. I have already watched and read a lot of information about it. It doesn't help. Maybe consulting a specialist will work.
  11. @woodenkat8971 [1 likes]: My granndpa always had costco m&m cookies and chocolate covered raisens available at his house. Miss him.
  12. @GeraldLewis-nk4ql [1 likes]: And Soul Sister Renee Jones cuz God's in CONTROL now and Forever
  13. @GeraldLewis-nk4ql [1 likes]: You are not alone Soul Sister Renee  cuz God's on your side Now and Forever and Amazing ly AMEN Hallelujah.
  14. @patriciaodoherty5202 [1 likes]: Sugar is my comfort food!I will try this advice.Thank you !
  15. @finnianfinnian8359 [1 likes]: So grateful for your message
  16. @jporter9244: Desserts is stressed spelled backwards.  That was me. I definitely will change that with stress management in OTHER ways. Thanks for the talk.
  17. @KileKezz: we are insulin resistant stop eating, exercise won't work i know i did it.
  18. @KingdomKeysDeliverance: So helpful! Never Binge Again has a wonderful plan as well and deals with the uncontrollable cravings from habits, food addiction and the dopamine seeking loop. This video is another important piece.
  19. @Divineeeexo: The start of 2026 and I’ve started my weight loss journey. I have about 25 pounds to lose. I am on a calorie deficit and prioritising fruit and veg and doing 10k steps a day. Like this comment in a few months for a progress update. ❤
  20. @slartibortfast: "Harvard, a university on the east coast of the United States." Oh thanks for clarifying.

- PCOS Diet, Supplements, Herbs & Lifestyle Recommendations + Do You NEED to Lose Weight?: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys i'm abby sharp and welcome to abby's kitchen and the beginning of our new series called the fertility files today i'm finally doing a video on a highly requested topic pcos i have been totally blown away with the number of questions i get about pcos here on the channel which i think just goes to prove how misunderstood and complicated this condition really is i myself was actually diagnosed with pcos a few years ago and i was trying to conceive my son and that's the reason why we had to use ivf but alas more on that later today we're going to share the most current research on pcos management and we'll also be joined by weight inclusive intuitive eating dietitian julie duffy dillon who specializes in pcos we're going to be talking about whether or not weight loss is necessary when it comes to pcos as well as some evidence-based recommendations for what to eat and what to do when managing pcos as a general disclosure remember that the information you're about to see is for education and entertainment purposes only and you should always seek advice from your healthcare team for your unique case okay let's get into it first let's define pcos so pcos aka polycystic ovary syndrome involves an imbalance in women's sex hormones like estrogen progesterone and testosterone leading to the growth of ovarian cysts aka benign masses if left untreated pcos can lead to irregular or absent periods infertility unwanted hair growth on our face and body acne alopecia pregnancy complications and even cancer pcos can be diagnosed when at least two out of the three of the following occurs number one the ovaries are polycystic because either there are 12 or more follicles on one ovary or the size of one or both ovaries is very high number two hyper androgenism where there's a high level of androgens which are the male hormones like testosterone or there are symptoms of excess androgens like acne or excessive hair growth and three there are issues with your period like a lack of period irregular periods or lack of ovulation for me personally i was diagnosed because i wasn't ovulating at all and my ovaries were slightly polycystic but of course everyone is different so of course pcos can look and operate completely differently depending on the individual and requires a professional to diagnose now let's talk about some of the traditional management strategies for pcos starting with your diet so one of the dietary recommendations that evidence suggests may hold samaritan managing symptoms is a low glycemic index diet so a low glycemic index diet or a low gi diet consists of carbohydrate-based foods that are slow digesting and cause a gradual rise in blood sugar and insulin plus of course a lot of healthy proteins and healthy fats so some examples of low gi carbs include things like whole grain breads still cut oats bulgur sweet potatoes milk chickpeas and lentils so one study found that when women with pcos followed a low gi diet their menstrual regularity improved when compared with individuals who were following a standard healthy diet this likely had something to do with the fact that fewer blood sugar spikes and falls improves insulin sensitivity which in turn may help improve menstrual irregularity a more recent 2019 study found that a low gi diet improved menstrual irregularity in 80 of women with pcos however in that particular study the low gi diet was also energy restricted so it isn't clear whether or not the change reported was because of the energy restriction the low gi diet any associated weight loss or some combination the researchers however did suggest that a low gi diet may delay the absorption of carbohydrates improving metabolic pathways and reducing insulin resistance now does the evidence suggest that low gi needs to be low carb not necessarily as these things are not the same thing however i did find a systematic review examining a variety of diets in the treatment of pcos and it was found that a low-carb diet was associated with a greater reduction in insulin resistance compared to a conventional diet having said that as with a lot of research on dieting we don't know the long-term likelihood of dietary adherence and long-term improvements in health choosing higher fiber lower glycemic index carbohydrates rather than cutting out carbs altogether is typically a much more sustainable approach for most women also it doesn't mean you can't have higher gi carbs you really just want to focus on pairing those carbs with lean protein and healthy fats to help stabilize the blood sugars further now finally even though it's tempting given the diet culture that we live in you actually want to make sure that you're eating enough and eating regularly i'm going to chat more about this with julie when i patch her in but in short when we let ourselves get too hungry our blood sugars plummet we get ravenous and then we see massive spikes when we do finally eat restricting also sends us into that binge restrict cycle which ultimately can perpetuate metabolic dysfunction next let's talk about supplements and herbs there are a ton of supplements and herbs that claim to eradicate pcos symptoms but we really only have solid evidence to support a few first is inositol so inositol is really number one here it's a small molecule that is structurally similar to glucose and is naturally found in foods like whole grains and citrus fruits one 2016 systematic review found that supplementation with inositol improved hormonal and reproductive disturbances in women with pcos another 2017 meta-analysis found that inositol improved the metabolic profile of women with pcos and reduced some of the high levels of androgen hormones that cause a lot of the symptoms and problems finally the evidence also suggests that it may improve pregnancy outcomes for women with pcos undergoing ivf next is omega-3s let's be real i think most of us could probably benefit from an omega-3 supplement especially if we don't eat a lot of fatty fish but one 2018 systematic review and meta-analysis found that omega-3 supplementation in pcos patients helped improve insulin resistance and reduce total cholesterol triglycerides and ldl levels that's pretty great next is vitamin d so vitamin d deficiency is actually very common in women with pcos possibly because of the metabolic and endocrine disorders that are associated with the disease so it's often recommended to patients with pcos to supplement with vitamin d although admittedly the research on this one is still a little bit unclear one 2015 systematic review and meta-analysis found a positive association between and vitamin d deficiency however the studies did not find that vitamin d supplementation had a beneficial effect that being said the researchers of the study did recommend larger prospective studies to further assess the association between vitamin d levels and pcos treatment and in my professional opinion most people at least here where i live in canada can usually benefit from a vitamin d supplement and that brings me to probiotics while we're still not 100 sure about the vitamin d alone research has found that the combination of vitamin d and a probiotic supplement may be effective at treating symptoms one 2019 randomized control trial found that vitamin d and probiotic co-supplementation improved depression anxiety and stress scale scores in women with pcos it was also associated with a reduction in total testosterone hair growth crp which is an inflammation marker and the oxidative stress marker mda when compared with the placebo and then finally i want to quickly touch on some herbs that are commonly used including maca root ashwanganda holy basil licorice chasteberry and tribulus terestris it's a big word i don't know so i feel like i've just said a harry potter spell i'm going to be totally honest but there are lots of herbs that are often recommended for treating pcos symptoms however the research on their effectiveness is pretty limited many of these herbs carry some antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties which is probably why they're commonly recommended for treating pcos so research has shown that c-reactive protein which is a marker for inflammation is typically higher in pcos patients and that when crp is reduced so are the metabolic symptoms of pcos so while it's totally possible that one or a combination of herbs may serve as a good adjunct to traditional supplements and medication they really should not be relied on on their own to treat your pcos so we'll discuss dye in a little bit more detail later on in this video when i patch in julie but i also want to explore some other evidence-based lifestyle changes for pcos management next is getting enough sleep and reducing stress so you guys know i need to take my own advice here and chill out but sleep and stress management is so key research has revealed that aligned with my own experience sleep disorders and insomnia are significantly more common in women with and getting a sleep when you're struggling with already messed up hormones can totally worsen your pcos symptoms okay number two is quitting smoking i'm good on this front because i've never smoked a day in my life but smoking has been found to worsen pcos symptoms and even put someone at higher risk for metabolic syndrome so it's definitely recommended to avoid or quit smoking if you're already a smoker number three is acupuncture now there is some evidence that acupuncture may influence ovulation by affecting levels of various hormones however its mechanism is still not very well understood so according to the cochrane database there is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of acupuncture for the treatment of ovulation disorders in women with pcos but you know if nothing else a lot of women myself included find it really stress relieving and therefore it may be a nice complement to your traditional healthcare regime personally i am a huge fan of acupuncture and i think it's made a really big difference in my fertility journey even if it is just the placebo effect and number four avoiding endocrine disruptors so over the years it has been suggested that endocrine disruptor chemicals like bpa may contribute to the rise in pcos some animal studies have found that bpa exposure tended to disrupt ovarian and reproductive functions than females while a 2017 systematic review and meta-analysis found that pcos patients had significantly higher bpa levels compared with a control group researchers from the study believe that bpa might be involved in the insulin resistance and hyper androgenism of pcos however more quality studies are definitely needed to explore this association now the last lifestyle change that has always been recommended for the is weight loss i've waited to mention this one because while it's probably the first thing a doctor will just tell you to do it's definitely controversial so first of all why is weight loss so universally recommended i don't know i mean maybe doctors think that weight loss is easy i i i guess it's easy to send somebody off with that suggestion i hope that they come back and change body but i will say the general recommendation is based on research suggesting that obesity and abdominal fat can exacerbate pcos symptoms by increasing insulin resistance now while the mechanism is still not perfectly understood some research suggests that visceral belly fat which is the fat around organs to protect them may release free fatty acids and inflammatory hormones that may drive insulin resistance it is important to note however that not all women with pcos struggle with insulin resistance and some of us are actually quite thin i'm i'm a good example of that right here furthermore a lot of pcos experts like julie duffy dillon says that doling out universal weight loss advice to women with pcos could actually have some serious dangerous effects for one disordered eating is significantly more prevalent in one with pcos with 86 of patients with pcos presenting with a subclinical eating disorder while it's unclear why this is it may be related to the shame that women carry and the pressure that's been placed on this population to lose weight at literally any expense also a 2017 study found that repeated attempts at weight loss which resulted in weight cycling predicted binge eating in a sample of one with pcos even if those women were considered lean and i think that this whole binge eating thing is something that a lot of women who have the condition can probably relate to i also know that research has found that low calorie dieting increases cortisol which is linked to insulin resistance and weight gain over time which may be another reason why weight loss may not always be the lowest risk option for every woman with pcos i also want to mention the fact that long-term caloric restriction has been linked with inflammation and people with pcos already live in a chronic pro-inflammatory state now to discuss ditching the diet and managing pcos i've invited registered dietitian julie duffy dillon who is an intuitive eating and pcos specialist welcome julie hey abby thanks for having me on thank you so much so first of all i would love if you could tell me a little bit why you believe that the blanket statement to just gonna go lose weight may be bad advice for a lot of women who are living with pcos i think it's very bad advice for a number of reasons first of all is passed down through families so we know it has a genetic connection and weight didn't cause pcos so why would it fix it that's a really big important thing to keep in mind and we also know that diets don't work for most people it's going to work for some people but very few so if it doesn't work for most people why would it work for people with pcos and then the other part of it goes even deeper and research that has been recently published has been exploring the relationship with binge eating and pcos and what they have found is that many people with pcos experience binge eating because yoyo dieting or what we also call weight cycling predicts binge eating and there's a lot of complications with pcos that people who have it will understand this there's so many different hormonal issues going on one in particular is high circulating insulin plus those higher androgens like testosterone and lower um fancy hormone called cck or cholecysteine kinan those are really common in pcos and those lead to really intense cravings but then when you also eliminate foods especially carbs and sugar that will intensify those cravings and you know i don't have pcos so i don't know what these cravings are like but i know when i have a craving it's kind of like i want something sweet okay so pcos cravings are different they're primal every cell in the body is screaming eat and it's like someone who's been drowning is finally to the surface and breathing gasping for air pcos cravings are the same and so when we tell people just lose weight it's basically telling people like don't be so obsessed with air you know right right that's dope right because yeah we need air to breathe and we need food to live and so people with pcos it's really important to know that you don't have to diet and really i would say you shouldn't diet in order to manage pcos so in your experience like what are some of the ways that intentional weight loss diets can actually like potentially worsen symptoms so again for some people diets may work for them but for most people with pcos what ends up happening is because diets don't work for most people people go on diets over and over again to try to manage their weight because everyone's telling to do that and what weight cycling or that yo-yo dieting is connected to is higher insulin levels higher testosterone higher cortisol higher cholesterol and higher blood sugar all things that is also connected to pcos and so it's like a double whammy basically and then also people with pcos what researchers have found rather is that people with pcos have a chronic pro-inflammatory state it's a really kind of common experience that leads to lots of fatigue and brain fog and we've also connected that same pro-inflammatory state um to weight cycling and so again it's like it's worsening the symptoms with it i also think it's important to shift it even to like what's the experience it's like we're like everyone just needs to lose weight to treat pcos what my clients have taught me is that keeps them from going to the doctor so if you don't go to the doctor as often to get attention for your health care needs well it's obvious it's going to affect your health too in a really negative way even deeper than that having this blanket statement basically teaches us that fat bodies are larger bodies or bodies that people will call obese are overweight those bodies are bad and what we know that that does is it's a form of discrimination it's weight stigma and weight stigma is also connected to higher insulin levels higher testos or not testosterone but higher cortisol and cholesterol and blood sugar so you know the very things that weight is supposed to be treating with pcos it's just going to make it worse thank you julie that was so amazing what a great way to explain it now a lot of women with pcos often describe feeling overwhelming cravings particularly for carbs as we know and this phenomenon occurs because cells that have become insulin resistant no longer are responding to insulin so the pancreas keeps producing more insulin to compensate and since the muscles aren't properly getting the glucose that it wants it's basically just kind of floating around the bloodstream and the muscles are effectively starving and sending out more and more signals for the preferred source of fuel which of course is sugar so it's that combination of high circulating insulin and antigen that tend to cause these primal cravings that a lot of women describe having so how do you suggest women can respond to their cravings in an intuitive way without kind of worsening their pcos symptoms by gaining more weight or spiking their insulin or all of those kinds of things so i am so glad you asked me that question abby this is a really important thing to keep in mind with pcos because people with pcos are taught to ignore their cravings or trick them or they should never listen to them but carb cravings are insight i think carb cravings are the guideposts to help people understand what they need to treat their pcos when people have carb cravings they should be listened to respected and not shunned they're the way that the person knows that their their condition needs more attention what i teach my clients that i talk to is that when they have a carb craving if they can it's really really important to experiment with stepping back and noticing what was just going on have you been eating enough have you been sleeping enough are you eating enough protein are you restricting too much are you exercising too much what is going on maybe you need to change your medications have you forgotten your supplements it's a really wonderful way to know that insulin is really high and what can we do to help manage it it may be a temporary thing or you know pcos is this chronic condition that we cannot cure no matter what people say you cannot cure pcos and since it's chronic it's going to change and get worse and so there are times where carb cravings will come out of nowhere with people that i work with and i teach them to just lean into them lean into them if they can and by doing this it'll help them to navigate what they're doing i think that's amazing advice and probably advice that most of my viewers with pcos have never heard before so it's definitely against the grain and i think very much needed so thank you for that that's a big question i get i'm beginning a lot so julie if we really should not be recommending that women just diet to lose weight what kind of things do you recommend in terms of dietary recommendations and interventions when it comes to planning and meals and snacks and those kinds of things yeah so i know many people with pcos are told they have to diet to help manage their pcos so when they think about not dieting they're like what do i do then i don't even know how to eat without dieting and there are so many things you can do that helps promote health with pcos and food and first and foremost i know this is going to be surprising but make sure you're eating enough i think people think they need so little food especially carbs and sugar and i think it's really important to make sure you're eating enough because again that chronic pro-inflammatory state those muscles that you talked about that were starving these are really important things that our body needs to survive and to help those cravings not be so primal and so after people are making sure they're eating enough i also tell people that they probably need more protein when they experience pcos so i encourage them to strategically experiment with protein especially first thing in the morning and before bed and to see how that helps their energy levels and cravings and then another part with nutrition is supplements there's a number of supplements that people experiment with there is one in particular that has a lot of research behind it it's called inositol i encourage everybody with pcos to talk to their healthcare provider about using it it's one that can really help with that insulin resistance that we talked about before it gets to the cellular level and what may be a defect or a deficiency that's going on with pcos and actually it's one of the things that may replace metformin eventually so keep your eye on like the research with it it's really exciting but besides that the other part of it that i think is really good is to make sure that you're moving your your body in a way that feels good i think people with pcos think they have to torture their body with exercise and do it even when they don't feel like it but a really good way to know if you're kind of onto something like onto the tools that are helping you is when you start to crave movement when you're like i kind of want to move my body today that's when you really can start thinking about how can exercise fit into the picture and it may take time to get to that you know making sure you're eating enough for a couple months before you really can feel that craving to move again and it will happen and then lastly you know i know people with pcos tell me julie it's a really hard sell to love my body um not i'm not getting respect because of my body i'm not getting really access to reproductive medicine or i'm not getting things that i need to take care of myself because of the way my body looks people with pcos are taught that their body is wrong that they need to be smaller and people in larger bodies are mistreated and denied access to things like reproductive medicine and so it can be really hard to love your body but if you can with pcos find a way to respect your body which may mean turning away from diets treating it with care and compassion those are things that we know in research that helps lower cortisol helps to lower inflammation helps to lower triglycerides things that we associate with pcos and it's not an individual thing you know you can't fix it on your own but doing those things leaning towards body respect is something that also is something you could something you can do without dieting that can really help your health i love that advice and you know also just thinking about from my own experience struggling with infertility like so often you feel like your body is failing you and you're so mad at it and you're angry and you just so disappointed so i think there is so much to be said for having that compassion for yourself and for for your body and what it is doing well um and what it can um you know provide you with uh and i think that's really great universal advice so that's fantastic thanks for that julie so of course i want to give a big thank you to you julie for for joining us today i'm sure everyone has learned so much from this conversation and i would love for you to get some more information about julie i've got some contact information for for her below so you can get her website and her social media and follow her and all of that stuff so thank you again julie for all of your help today thank you abby it was so great chatting bye bye that was awesome so thank you guys all for watching this if you liked this video please be sure to give it a thumbs up leave me a comment with any pcos questions that you might have julie has graciously offered to pop by and help answer a few if it's out of the scope for me but of course always subscribe to the channel and i'll see you next time on abby's kitchen [Music] bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @wadiyosamantha7433 [1 likes]: I'm watching this in 2025, and I have been working out on and off since 2022. Hearing that I don't need to torture my body is a little healing because I've been doing that for years. It felt like the only way to get results. I am on a break now, but I can't wait to get back into the gym in a healthier way.
  2. @Xoxo_itsRomi: Just started the video and I am so MAD at the health professionals that surrounded me my entire life! I was diagnosed with PCOS 7-8 years ago, but know for a fact I suffered way longer than that because facial hair growth started around when I was 18-19 and I didn't understand why. My period stopped when I was 18 and I didn't understand why. I recieved a diagnosis, not even in my country, but had to fly all the way to Australia to be told that and it's been on my record ever since - nobody told me what it meant. Nobody told me that this is the reason why I struggle to lose weight but have no issue gaining it, nobody told me this is the reason I can't sleep, feel anxious all the time and depressed and more importantly, they never told me how to care and live with it. They just kept giving me crash diets, put me in CBT programs that didn't fit me, offer me medicines that their side effects were literal DEATH, and stab myself with needles to make me less hungry. If only someone had explained this desease to me... I feel absolutely robbed out of my most beautiful and precious years because I didn't understand my body, and those who were supposed to translate the needs of my body seem to not do the effort of learning more about this condition for the sake of their patients. How many more of me our healthcare neglects??
  3. @Soma_hadi: It’s just so hard 😭😭I am 17 it’s been like 4 months I have found out I have it I don’t even know what to say about it I have gained weight my acne getting worse irregular periods the anxiety and depression the cravings and being able to hold back I have been going to the gym for more than 5 years I have been a cardio girly who did not like the slow workouts much but now I have PCOS everything has changed I worked on my acne for 2 years then I had nothing on my face but it came back after I got diagnosed with pcos but of course I ain’t giving up I can do it 😭😭💗✨you are not alone ❤
  4. @AndreaGatz: Got down to 115 lbs following medical advice for treating PCOS. 
Had genetic testing done and for me, it's a gene variant. Did not get pregnant until i gained 25 pounds and cut out complex carbs. It's not always about being thin.
  5. @minouhellgren1290: Just got my PCOS diagnos, after multiple years of tests and searching.
Vegetarian since 7 and vegan since 17, now 27 and eat organic or wild meat, veggies and wholefoods.

When I was a teenager I did intense dance and acrobatics, and followed a vegan low FAT high CARB diet 😅
When I try to look at it in a positive light, the generous portion size helped me to eat enough, but jeez my PCOS was terrible. 
My iron was also really low, Ferretin levels of 12... 

Alot got better when I started to eat meat and cheese again  (still do vegan milk tho), now I finally have energy again! 
Still a way to go but videos like this makes it all feel easier!
  6. @katakozma11: pls hear me out. I've been very ill for a year with SMAS (superior mesenteric artery syndrome), unable to truly eat anything but fish and very tiny amounts of plain white rice (like 2 tablespoons per day). I was on the brink of death,  lost 20+ kilos in a few months,  constantly nauseous and in pain, no sugars besides those tiny amounts of rice, and guess what: not for a SECOND did my cravings go away. that's life with PCOS. I had my SMAS surgery 2 weeks post-op and still, all I can think about is sugar. no matter what I do I get cravings, even when "healthy". my only solutions have been dark chocolate, lots of water, and coffee. it's truly something else. and I normally eat way fewer calories than what others eat, still gaining weight. simply put: if I ate like an average healthy person does, I'd be obese af. so I struggle with weight and my relationship with food is toxic af. however, I ALWAYS choose health and eating well, but it's very hard to always have to restrict so much, just stay chubby. help?
  7. @umbraphoenix08: Can we have whole wheat pasta?
  8. @Goddess_energy08: 14:46 It’s like having a pregnancy craving… nothing will taste good unless you fix that craving.
  9. @cindydaggett3514: I’ve had PCOS for 14 years my baby wasn’t a year yet she just turned 14 I take levothyroxine for thyroid I take vitamin D and c although I have trouble remembering to take it. I’m also having trouble moving around not knowing what exercise. As for my eating, last month I started eating more fruit grapes and strawberries
  10. @MzGumby02: Mediterranean Diet is what is working for me for right now.
  11. @martaproductionvevo: Thank you, this video is amazing 🫶
  12. @Learningworlds123: Great video. Disagree about the inability to cure pcos because theres no data claiming you cannot. A little humility helps
  13. @michelleklick3379: I keep telling my doctors and dietitians that my symptoms were the same when i was 30 lbs lighter and also 50 lbs heavier than I am right now. So how is it going to help losing weight????
  14. @candyopal4792: Milk is not a complex carb
  15. @Wellness_wit_Sam: https://youtu.be/ibDhtZkuk0k?si=3BvnlAO2LclLeNPf
  16. @Missdovanova: See the struggle with pcos is everyone says exercise and loose weight but i cant really exercise and give it my all unless the period comes ,,
it is like i feel my best only in those 10 to 12 days after my period 🎷🙌
after that it is hormonal headaches cramps migraines ,nausea and fatigue and insomnia,,🥲
had spotting for two days and was scared that was it but now some flow started so I got excited it means i will feel myself finally 🙏in few days at this point I am convinced I have endometriosis on top of pcos coz pcos doesn’t cause so much pain
  17. @DavidDavis-u4q: I must say that I have enormous respect for you DR RORPOPOR HERBAL ON YOUTUBE  considering how my wife received her complete treatment for her PCOS , Thanks for coming to my rescue Amen ✅
  18. @nataliereed295: “Weight didn’t cause PCOS so why would it fix it.” That right here. I know it’s true that loosing weight will help my PCOS but when a doctor just tells me to loose weight it doesn’t help me with the cause, with the imbalance that is already going on in my body which also contributes to making it hard to loose weight because the cause isn’t being addressed.
  19. @evangelinados: So what are we supposed to snack on when we shall listen to our cravings? I feel like snacking on carbs is only making it worse in the long run.
  20. @evangelinados: What about Berberin? Also see a lot about magnesium and NAC and NAC…we need an update please or one on insulin resistance

- How the food you eat affects your brain - Mia Nacamulli: Kind: captions Language: en Your Brain on Food If you sucked all of the moisture out of your brain and broke it down to its constituent nutritional content, what would it look like? Most of the weight of your dehydrated brain would come from fats, also known as lipids. In the remaining brain matter, you would find proteins and amino acids, traces of micronutrients, and glucose. The brain is, of course, more than just the sum of its nutritional parts, but each component does have a distinct impact on functioning, development, mood, and energy. So that post-lunch apathy, or late-night alertness you might be feeling, well, that could simply be the effects of food on your brain. Of the fats in your brain, the superstars are omegas 3 and 6. These essential fatty acids, which have been linked to preventing degenerative brain conditions, must come from our diets. So eating omega-rich foods, like nuts, seeds, and fatty fish, is crucial to the creation and maintenance of cell membranes. And while omegas are good fats for your brain, long-term consumption of other fats, like trans and saturated fats, may compromise brain health. Meanwhile, proteins and amino acids, the building block nutrients of growth and development, manipulate how we feel and behave. Amino acids contain the precursors to neurotransmitters, the chemical messengers that carry signals between neurons, affecting things like mood, sleep, attentiveness, and weight. They're one of the reasons we might feel calm after eating a large plate of pasta, or more alert after a protein-rich meal. The complex combinations of compounds in food can stimulate brain cells to release mood-altering norepinephrine, dopamine, and serotonin. But getting to your brain cells is tricky, and amino acids have to compete for limited access. A diet with a range of foods helps maintain a balanced combination of brain messengers, and keeps your mood from getting skewed in one direction or the other. Like the other organs in our bodies, our brains also benefit from a steady supply of micronutrients. Antioxidants in fruits and vegetables strengthen the brain to fight off free radicals that destroy brain cells, enabling your brain to work well for a longer period of time. And without powerful micronutrients, like the vitamins B6, B12, and folic acid, our brains would be susceptible to brain disease and mental decline. Trace amounts of the minerals iron, copper, zinc, and sodium are also fundamental to brain health and early cognitive development. In order for the brain to efficiently transform and synthesize these valuable nutrients, it needs fuel, and lots of it. While the human brain only makes up about 2% of our body weight, it uses up to 20% of our energy resources. Most of this energy comes from carbohydrates that our body digests into glucose, or blood sugar. The frontal lobes are so sensitive to drops in glucose, in fact, that a change in mental function is one of the primary signals of nutrient deficiency. Assuming that we are getting glucose regularly, how does the specific type of carbohydrates we eat affect our brains? Carbs come in three forms: starch, sugar, and fiber. While on most nutrition labels, they are all lumped into one total carb count, the ratio of the sugar and fiber subgroups to the whole amount affect how the body and brain respond. A high glycemic food, like white bread, causes a rapid release of glucose into the blood, and then comes the dip. Blood sugar shoots down, and with it, our attention span and mood. On the other hand, oats, grains, and legumes have slower glucose release, enabling a steadier level of attentiveness. For sustained brain power, opting for a varied diet of nutrient-rich foods is critical. When it comes to what you bite, chew, and swallow, your choices have a direct and long-lasting effect on the most powerful organ in your body.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BradStirrup [1 likes]: I used to think that I had Seasonal Affective Disorder (S.A.D.), a problem that makes you feel depressed when the weather's no good, but then I cut sugar out of my diet (aside from whole fruits) and I realized I do not have S.A.D. Essentially, sugar was negatively affecting my mood... now, I'm pretty much happy all the time, even on gloomy days!
  2. @GG_healthtv: Awesome video!😊. Thanks
  3. @fathan7888: Bengot gawat bisu mind
  4. @Sincerelyaugustroads: Proud of everyone for giving themselves a chance for success
  5. @tx4493: This is one of those videos that says alot but doesn't really say anything.
  6. @Jesusisking-o7z: Godbless love this
  7. @nickelmicheal1651: Wow, I just got here . 2026 👀. Can't believe this was Years ago
  8. @phamhohieuanh: thanks you “Nếu đúng như này thì trước giờ mình ăn sai cách quá rồi… không phải cứ ăn nhiều là tốt, mà là ăn đúng mới quan trọng.”
  9. @Tame1544: Good Video
  10. @alphaprotocol8866: You eat fast.
  11. @Storytimefuns: w viddd
  12. @FitBodySwitch: Wow! I never realized my brain was basically a mix of fats, proteins, and tiny nutrients that I get from food! Eating omega-rich foods, colorful fruits, and a mix of proteins really makes sense now – it literally fuels our mood, focus, and energy. 🍎🥜🐟 This video makes me want to pay attention to what I eat and treat my brain like the powerhouse it is.
  13. @HappyLearningWorld-y4j: children: https://youtu.be/gYvDDyeJ4sc
  14. @KenoBerrick-e5i: 👂👂👂
  15. @ginapedroza1132: Omg
  16. @MidlifeAndDivorced: I love this, it's so true!
  17. @lazargajicic9115: I quit sugar, drinks and alcohol(i also don't smoke) and started cooking at home with whole foods like eggs, beans, milk and so on.. I just cannot describe how good I feel after each meal. It feels like someone gave me pills. But I do know how to cook tasty and well. Meals feel like a miracle. Lost lot of weight and saved a bunch of money also...
  18. @Abbasshah168-f2t: Please keep it up Weldon
  19. @Eliza.manclisa: What’s happens to your brain when you under fuel ?
  20. @HarpreetKaur-fy8js: Planet Ayurveda Memory Support gives me confidence in maintaining cognitive wellness, and Planet Ayurveda Memory Support supports clarity with consistency.

- 9 Habits I GAVE UP to LOSE 100 POUNDS While TIRED AF + KEEP IT OFF | Weight Loss Routine 2023: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] breath oh what's up y'all this is your girl Dr Nina and I hope you're doing well now losing over 100 pounds over 17 years ago and keeping it off has been one of the most rewarding experiences of my life and look that's why I love helping people with this because it was some real innocent mistakes that I was making that I didn't even realize so today I want to share the nine habits that I stopped in order for me to lose over 100 pounds and keep it off for good now if you do some of these things don't feel bad instead of giving up all together just give us some of these bad habits imma mention and no I'm not God the father so I will not be working miracles today but I will be providing you with the items down in the description box that I mentioned in today's video now let's get into these practical Solutions the attempt at changing my diet overnight was a big No-No for me so I used a lot of myself okay tell myself that all these bad food habits that I had I was gonna get rid of them by tomorrow or bet again next year or that I was going to clean out my whole kitchen get rid of all the junk food and change everything about it by the next day and replace it with healthy foods more lies more lies now click like if you've ever told yourself stuff like that don't worry I ain't gonna tell nobody but I learned that the point was to make changes that I could live with in my life for today I wanted to make sure that I was making lasting eating and fitness changes that could last the rest of my life and so here's a few of those things that I use that were quick fixes I learned that eating healthy is not all about the foods that you take away it's about eating the foods that you can have that are healthy that you're adding into your life abundance small steady and realistic changes have worked for me over the years so I'm gonna try something with you we're gonna we're gonna try a little challenge try swiping out that two percent milk you got in there okay for one percent or unsweetened almond milk just give the milk away switch out their usual bread you have for a multigrain version once you ease into that add in a nice serving of fruits and vegetables each day look those may not apply to you but you see the things that I'm trying to do add in small changes that make a big difference over time things that you can live with that are not extravagant and overboard that you're more likely to stick with only dieting and not exercising was almost the death of me and I do get it you can lose weight through diet alone but it is super hard and look y'all I was miserable hangry and tired when I was always trying to curve back too much my body was mad as hell but when I learned a little bit more about exercising how I could use it to lose a little bit more weight but also to eat a little bit more I was like sign me up plus there's a lot of great physical and mental benefits to it like feeling better in your clothing or looking the best that you would like to look as well as your muscle tone and body frame now here's my Quick Fix here kiss keep it simple stupid and I'm not calling you stupid I'm saying dumb it down a lot of y'all tell me that you ain't got time for these long workouts and all this strenuous stuff now it doesn't have to be strenuous and boring or take you a whole lot of time you need to just figure out how to make thickness work for you I didn't start off working out all day long I didn't start off with long Hefty workouts I had to start off small in just 10 minutes 10 minutes is all you need in order for you to see some changes in your fitness journey so get on that elliptical get you a hula hoop a little bit of jump rope just move a little bit you're going to see a difference and do it for yourself but also do it for your ass yo Auntie sister cousin cause I got you I had to also also stop putting so much of an emphasis on my exercise as well here's the hard truth what I was eating and how much I was eating had much more of a significant impact on my body my weight loss and my weight gain than exercise ever did in short you cannot outrun a bad diet I was ignoring bad food choices because I was working out so much and let's talk about working out so much for me it was bad because it limited my recovery and when you limit recovery you end up with more injuries which kept me out of the gym more which meant I was in a bad cycle of gaining weight and let's not even talk about my emotions being all over the place because I was sore and tired all the time so that led to emotional eating so here's my Quick Fix there I slowly creeped up in my exercise and changed the way I was eating which led to good weight loss this also helped me with pushing through hard plateaus whenever you hit those marks but then you stop you slow down in your weight loss and instead of gaining weight or not losing any weight due to lack of diet care I was losing more stop giving up on myself way too easy look I didn't get to where I did with my weight loss because I was so perfect absolutely not most of us fall short we skip out on workouts we're not eating the healthiest we're not making good decisions however you know we dust ourselves off and we try again and I know for me one of the things I had to face is I would emotionally eat I would eat things because I didn't feel good about myself and where I was in my life at the time and when I also reviewed that I was self-sabotaging and also making the excuse that I didn't have what was necessary in order for me to reach my goals but I had to pick myself up and dust myself off and what I learned over time is that those pounds kept dropping off because I kept showing up even though I didn't always know what to do I had to forgive myself for my past mistakes and I also had to figure out ways to use those mistakes as learning lessons to move forward so here are some of my quick fixes here I had to learn that perfection and has no place here you deserve it and you are worth it when you make a mistake or you feel like you're not making significant progress keep going anyway do not give up change requires time and old habits they don't go away easy try to reach out for some support and don't wait until next week or next year to jump back on the bandwagon do it right now you can do it giving up on certain foods altogether midst of my diet now look when all those fat diets were coming out and they were eliminating full food groups and all that stuff I was like okay I could do that because I would get around certain foods and I didn't have good willpower so things like Dairy you know your cheeses and all of that stuff the rich and fatty things at that time I was like all over it when they said you can just eliminate it and it'll help you lose weight but I was even eliminating the things I actually enjoyed and what I learned is you have to have a diet that includes things you enjoy for you to sustain it for the rest of your life so I would go around cutting out bread sugar pasta everything and I would lose weight for a little minute and I would lose it sharp but then as soon as I would add that thing in let it rip and I would gain that way back real fast so here are my quick fixes with that everything in moderation and I try to eat more what I know is good for me and I also try to get pre-portioned items that allow me to eat what I want but within a certain control portion so wedding cake ice cream Sushi is one of my favorites and this also stopped my all-out binges and being weak around foods that I needed more willpower around because I had more of the treats that I desired and I love food options that bring in some of my healthiest and my tastiest foods and that's why I adore hellofresh who's partnering with me to bring you all today's video foreign no matter your lifestyle or your meal preferences hello fresh has something that's sure to please almost everyone at your table from their calorie Smart Car Smart or even their veggie friendly this is going to set out to please even the pickiest of eaters and for a lack of better words they keep it fresh y'all there's over 40 new recipe meals every week to keep you guessing keep you adding in things you can either swap out proteins and have other options in order for you and your family to be satisfied and you're only going to find hello fresh to have quality ingredients in fact their food comes from the farm to your table within seven days so you know it's fresh and I've always told y'all that I love them because everything is pre-portioned you don't have to think about it and it takes little to no time everything I've made is like 30 minutes and under and when I tell you it tastes so good even hubby loves everything I prepare and I never believed that it only took me a little while to do so go to hellofresh.com and use Dr Nina 65 for 65 off and free shipping again go to hellofresh.com and use Dr Nina's 65 for 65 off plus free shipping all for indulging on those cheat days had to stop for me look a cheat day at one point meant non-stop ET drop and what would happen is I was literally just binging out on food and so then this would lead to me feeling bad about myself I would be in a bad mood which would lead to more bad eating that made me feel even worse so here are some of the things that I use as quick fixes keep in mind that for some people especially at first and when you're struggling with self-control which is not a horrible thing it takes time maybe it's just an excuse to binge on food instead of actually having a nice reward day if you can have a cheat day and be reasonable with it then you're fine but if it leads to you just eating Foods over and over that make you feel bad about yourself leading to less restraint on your eating then this ain't for you perhaps try like I mentioned before portion controlling your treats this way you feel more good about your choice and your decision and you also feel a bit more satisfied so it leaves you with both feelings of not feeling bad about yourself but also getting what you want out of the deal I had to stop confusing healthy with low calorie and I used to buy that healthy buzzworthy food and you know research even shows that people at grocery shop are more likely to buy the stuff that says stuff like gluten-free organic low fat without even thinking about whether it really means that it's low calorie and a lot of the stuff on these packages is a whole lie they'll put anything on there to get you to buy it but think about this none of the words actually tell you anything about the helpfulness of the food within it or if it's actually low calorie so here's my quick fixes there read the front of the package very carefully and flip it over and look at the nutrition facts look at all the things from the calories to the fat to the cholesterol the carbohydrates all of that that's going to give you a rundown of what you want inside your diet or what you're having it's not that you're calorie counting per se but it's good to know the ingredients that's in your food so you actually know what you're consuming restaurant menus are super suspect as well they love to put in that section that says healthy options and healthy choices and when you look at the calorie count sometimes it's just as high as the other food that's on the menu so inspect it a lot of times my fitness pal and other things online will show you what's in the food it'll show you the different nutrients it'll show you what's there and what's not so know your menu watch the words and then check it out before you order it on doordash because I know y'all over there on ubereats indoor Dash spitting all your money but check it out before you do I don't know about y'all but I've had to stop it in the past with the unreal holistic expectations and what I mean is reality stars and TV and infomercials make weight loss look like a breeze so when I actually lost my weight I had to realize how hard definitely hard it is and that's why I share with you all the struggles and the triumphs it's not all cute peaches and cream sometimes you're going to have Downs sometimes you're going to have ups and sometimes you're going to have wins and losses and a lot of times on TV it made you feel like you could just drop this way super quick and go with these fads first off we're finding out that a lot of these people are having body adjustments okay and nothing wrong with that but when you're not telling people that they believe that their expectation fits with reality when it does not so I had to learn that there was a middle ground there and when I would try to lose the weight super quick it would come off quick for a while but then you can't sustain that it's not consistent so I had to find something to stand in to make me more stable here's some quick fixes there changing my mindset was a major tweak when it comes to expectations instead of me expecting that I would lose 10 pounds in a week expecting that I could lose one pound and reaching that goal helped me to be more likely to stay on track and feel good about myself because I was reaching the goals I set out to do and they were too hard for me losing one or two pounds per week or even half a pound is something to be celebrated it's very much healthy and realistic and it also leads to a lifetime of watching your health I had to stop forgetting to use a problem solving method in order to stop bad habits a lot of times we think it's easy for us to stop things and pick up new habits but actually it's very difficult and when it comes to weight loss there are some specific things I try to stick with number one is replacing bad habits with good habits two finding your bad habit triggers three managing those triggers four enlisting a friend or family member to help with the positive changes five making avoiding bad habits Easier by removing those things out of your way and out of your life so things like not bringing ice cream or Oreos into the house when you know you like to gorge on them create bad create good habits Lord look at me create good habits so that you can last longer give yourself some room quack so y'all I hope today's video has been beneficial and that you've learned some things that you can let go of in order to release that weight okay and things that you can add to your life that will be even better for you on this journey make sure that you comment share this video with someone who can use it and subscribe thanks so much for watching y'all beautiful brown baby doll peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeautifulBrwnBabyDol [229 likes]: ✨ Hey friends! I hope you are well! It took me about 10-12 months to lose 100lbs. These are the 9 habits I gave up that helped! Its so possible to lose weight, but there are certain habits we need to give up if you want to burn fat and have your own weight loss transformation journey! You got this! Let me know what you think!👋🏾
  2. @PeachesBabies [8 likes]: I had to run this video back in 2025 starting my fitness journey…I changed the ‘S’ meaning to “K.I.S.S”- Keep it Simple Sister! Every word of affirmation helps throughout this journey. I still use native and it has helped tremendously.😊🖤
  3. @QuanequaTSmith [1 likes]: Showing up everyday....being wise about what I ate ...has done wonders for me mentally spiritually and physically.....this video was an inspiration and appreciated.
  4. @BiscottiWilliams [1 likes]: Omg I followed you about 17 years ago  for this same reason lol trying to lose weight ❤❤❤❤ annnnd You look amazing ❤❤❤❤
  5. @ariisunderyourbed [1 likes]: Im 196 pounds now and want to be 120-90 wish me luck!! <3 (I'm 5'2, 12 and female)
  6. @SRC6349 [1 likes]: I’m struggling to lose 10lbs smh
  7. @NathanFranklin-q1r [1 likes]: Keep showing up!!! Is so important and understated
  8. @robinkilby2341: Great practical steps!
  9. @alanamcmillian5810: Still love your story!!!!! On my journey once again, when I lost weight the first time back in 2015, ima be honest, I didn’t do it right, I would spend 3-4 hours in the gym, and deprive myself of food, now back on the journey in todays timing. Started my new and honest journey back on August 15th, 2025. Now report today,I’m down only 16 lbs so far, but I don’t just look at the scale like I did 11 years ago, I look at inches and measurements. I only drink almond milk nowadays, I only eat out on Saturdays now and every other day of the week I strictly cook at home. I know this is a lot, but I’m just saying that the lesson I learned is that slow and steady wins the race.
  10. @QuanequaTSmith: A beauty , natural weight loss journey 💘🙏 This video is reflective of the truth.
  11. @TheConsciousCougar: I SO appreciate you! I'm in a restart and have about 100 to release! Love your advice!! <3
  12. @WynNaifsh: I thought I’d tried everything until I found Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth. This book is next-level helpful!
  13. @RandyKetch: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, completely changed how I approach weight loss. It’s a must-read!
  14. @CristiWallegea: Why isn’t everyone talking about Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth ebook? It’s seriously the best thing I’ve read on weight loss
  15. @LizaCutrss: The insights in Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth blew my mind! I’ve tried so many different things, but this book gave me real, actionable steps to see results. Highly recommend!
  16. @BooteYarn: Best thing I ever did was reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, after applying the knowledge I got from the book I feel like the cellulite is magically disappearing from my body
  17. @JohnaDalmofn: The fact that nobody talks about the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, speaks volumes about how people are stuck in a trance
  18. @JocelynHughl: Finding the ‘woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth’ ebook should be your top priority, even if it’s the last thing you do in life
  19. @MalideAlflat: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  20. @ReggiArntt: The best desicion I ever made was getting the ebook Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, it completly changed my life

- Doctor who lost 100 pounds shares how she did it: Kind: captions Language: en >>> WELCOME BACK. THIS MORNING ON OUR "START TODAY" SERIES SOME INSPIRATION. A WEIGHT LOSS SUCCESS STORY. >> MUCH OF HER LIFE, DR. EMI HOSODA STRUGGLED WITH WEIGHT. SHE REACHED 235 POUNDS AFTER HAVING CHILDREN IN HER 30s. WELL, NOW SHE IS IN HER 50s. DR. EMI DECIDED TO KICK THAT WEIGHT OFF FOR GOOD. >> SHE FOUND THE ROOT CAUSE OF HER WEIGHT GAIN AND FOLLOWING A HOLISTIC HEALTH PLAN SHE IS DOWN TO 135 POUNDS AGAIN. SHE HELPS PATIENTS FIND THEIR WHY AND WORKING TO REPAIR THEM INSIDE AND OUT. >> DR. EMI, GOOD TO SEE YOU. >> GOOD MORNING. >> SEEMS LIKE YOUR STORY IS LIKE A LOT OF FOLKS. IN YOUR 30s, YOU PUT ON WEIGHT AND THEN LOST THAT WEIGHT. LIKE A LOT OF PEOPLE, IT YO-YO'D, YOUR DIET. YOUR WEIGHT WENT UP AND DOWN. TELL US ABOUT THAT. >> IN MY 30s, I HAD A CHILD ON THE AUTISM SPECTRUM. I WAS WORKING IN A HOSPITAL WITH A LOT OF RESPONSIBILITY IN A SMALL TOWN AND THE WEIGHT CAME ON. AND I WASN'T REALLY AS STARVING MYSELF, EXERCISING A LOT, TRYING TO LOSE IT. FINALLY, BECAUSE OF MY SON, I WOULDN'T DO THIS FOR MYSELF, I RADICALLY CHANGED MY DIET, WENT OFF SUGAR, GLUTEN, DAIRY. A FRIEND WAS TEACHING A CLASS ON KEEPING YOUR BLOOD SUGAR STABLE. I TOOK THAT CLASS AND THE WEIGHT CAME OFF. >> IT'S INTERESTING. WE WERE TALKING ABOUT IN THE 30s YOU SAID IT WAS RELATIVELY EASY LOSE THE WEIGHT. >> HARDER STORY IN YOUR 50s. >> MUCH HARDER. >> WHAT DID YOU DISCOVER THAT PEOPLE CAN TAKE AWAY FROM THIS? >> I THINK A LOT OF WOMEN STRUGGLE WITH EXCESS WEIGHT AS WE GO THROUGH, YOU KNOW, THE CHANGE. THE YEARS LEADING UP TO MENOPAUSE AND MENOPAUSE ITSELF. A LOT OF HORMONAL TRIGGERS GO THERE ARE A LOT OF UNRESOLVED ISSUES THE FIRST TIME I HADN'T TACKLED. HI A HIDDEN THYROID ISSUE THAT DIDN'T SHOW UP ON TESTING. GENETIC ISSUES, HORMONAL ISSUES, LEAPTEN AND INSULIN, HORMONES. I HAD TO CORRECT THEM. >> YOU ARE A DOCTOR. YOU KNOW, IT'S LIKE -- >> EXACTLY. I HAD A PATIENT SAID YOU ARE LIKE 100 POUNDS OVERWEIGHT AND YOU ARE GIVING ME ADVICE. THAT WAS HARD. THAT MADE ME GO BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD. >> SOME PEOPLE HAVE UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITIONS. >> ABSOLUTELY. >> SOMEHOW YOU DROPPED 100 POUNDS ANYWAY. HOW DID YOU DO IT? >> I FIXED THE ISSUES THAT WERE GOING ON WITH ME. ONE OF THE BIG ISSUES WAS MY INTESTINAL HEALTH. AS A KID I HAD RHEUMATIC FEVER AND TAKEN YEARS OF ANTIBODIES. I HAD TO REPAIR THAT. I HAD TO TEST MYSELF FOR FOOD SENSITIVITIES AND ALLERGIES, REMOVE THOSE TO REDUCE INFLAMMATION, CORRECT THE THYROID PROBLEM. TOOK SUPPLEMENTS. INVENTED ONE TO NORMALIZE MY LEPTIN AND INSULIN LEVELS. TAKING STOCK OF THAT. ALSO CHANGING MY MINDSET TO THINK OF MYSELF AS A FIT PERSON, AS A PERSON WHO EXERCISES EVERY DAY. I WAS STILL EATING HEALTHY. THE WEIGHT STILL CAME ON. A LOT OF WOMEN ARE IN THAT BOAT. THEY ARE DOING EVERYTHING. >> YOU ARE EXERCISING AND STILL GAINING WEIGHT. >> TO THEM I WOULD SAY ADD VOTE ADVOCATE FOR YOURSELF, LOOK FOR WHAT'S GOING ON AND FIGURE OUT WHAT IT IS THAT IS KEEPING YOU FROM BEING THE BODY COMPOSITION YOU WANT. SO MANY PEOPLE TRY HARD. I HAVE PEOPLE COMMENT A LOT OF YOUNGER MEN WHO ARE PERSONAL TRAINERS SAY JUST EAT LESS AND EXERCISE MORE, BUT THEY ARE NOT SEEING WOMEN IN THEIR 40s, 50s, AND 60s. >> THAT'S NOT ALWAYS THE CASE. IT'S INTERESTING. YOU FOCUS ON SUGAR AND SUGAR INTAKE AND SUGAR CAN ACTUALLY SORT OF HIDE IN PLAIN SIGHT IN A LOT OF FOODS? AND SUGAR CAN MESS UP OUR HORMONAL BALANCE AND INTESTINAL HEALTH. IT'S THE DOUBLE-WHAMMY. IT IS IN A LOT OF FOODS. UNFORTUNATELY, THE LOW-FAT CRAZES OF THE '70s ACTUALLY REALLY INCREASED SUGAR IN OUR DIETS. IT'S ONE OF THOSE THINS THAT CAN CREEP IN A LOT. >> WHAT DOES MAGNESIUM HAVE TO DO WITH ANYTHING? >> IT ACTUALLY HELPS -- >> I AM GOING TO BUY SOME AFTER THIS. >> SUGAR CRAVINGS. YOU WANT TO BE CAREFUL OF THE KIND THAT YOU CHOOSE. ON TIKTOK AND ON INSTAGRAM ACTUALLY I HAVE SOME VIDEOS ABOUT WHAT TYPES OF MAGNESIUM YOU MIGHT WANT TO CHOOSE DEPENDING WHAT ISSUES YOU ARE FACING. ISSUES WITH REGULARITY, YOU CHOOSE A DIFFERENT ONE. >> YOU SAY WEIGHT BEARING EXERCISES ARE THE BEST? >> YES. I WAS ALWAYS AROBE SIZING MYSELF TO DEATH. NOW ONE OF THE BIG PARTS OF MY WORKOUT IS LIFTING. AND I RETIRED FROM WORKING IN THE HOSPITAL AND THE ICU FOR THE MOST PART IN 2021. NOW I WAKE UP AT 4:00 A.M. AND DO IT. BACK THEN I WOULD DO IT AS MUCH AS

  Top Comments:
  1. @faithhouses6725 [1 likes]: She really doesn't say much....  all she keeps says is she had a lot of health issues and fixed them.
  2. @Ive826 [1 likes]: Worst interview ever
  3. @EthanParker_Rocks: Such an inspiring story, It’s really eye-opening how she highlights that eat less, exercise more doesn't always work when there are underlying hormonal or metabolic issues to address first
  4. @Llanoiss: gordita mia 😍
  5. @cherylchristman9529: What did she create to balance her leptin and insulin.
  6. @digittydog: Ladies… Stop looking for outlying health conditions, and rare exceptions. Be honest with yourself and take accountability for what you eat and do. It’s not that deep.
  7. @annataglialatela2507: Oh I only cut out two major food groups out of the food pyramid and don’t allow myself the joy of deserts at all……folks this isn’t sustainable please don’t have this expectation for yourself. See a nutritionist, have consistent exercise, stay away from smoking and alcohol and it will come off
  8. @InezMohler-s3n: Broken jallbone
  9. @michellelee6306: Well that was a whole lot of nothing 😂
  10. @MorineBarnes: Doctor Who Lost 100lbs Shares How She Did It. Thank You Dr. Emi Hosoda For Good Weight Loss Story Advice. If Doctor Can Loss Fat I Can Lose Fat. 🍏🍓 🎾⚽️🏃‍♂️🏃‍♀️
  11. @topazdominique208: I struggle to loose weight, but I definitely believe eating is definitely a habit and emotional thing. Eating when bored, eating to because you love food rather than realising what you are eating and what the calorie and fat content is. If you notice the reason you are eating and cut down on sugar, processed foods, and focus on eating for gut health and for sustainability not for fun, occasionally for fun. That could help lol I am still trying to figure out what works for me.
  12. @BeautyLove-w9f: I fixed this.  I fixed that.  How lady, how? Are you saving the info, the secrets for a paid audience.  Plain annoying!
  13. @emmydoglover12: Okay I'm doing it. I've been seeing this book pop up everywhere and I'm just going to go for it. It's called 'The secret natural fat melting formula' by Henry Gray. It says you can lose 20 lbs in 50 days without giving up your favorite foods using this X-Factor thing for hormones. Putting it out here so I actually have to stick with it. Here goes nothing lol.
  14. @scotlandredd6134: She probably takes HRT
  15. @brianw6595: Sounds woke
  16. @TerencioNickss: The best desicion I ever made was getting the ebook Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, it completly changed my life
  17. @PaslAldgate: I thought I’d tried everything until I found Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth. This book is next-level helpful!
  18. @WenonahSdells: Why isn’t everyone talking about Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth ebook? It’s seriously the best thing I’ve read on weight loss
  19. @RosanneEscier: Drop whatever you are doing and go read the book Womans’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, its absolutely life changing, trust me on this
  20. @JanLydiatesa: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book

- HEALTHY HABITS: 10 Daily Habits That Changed My Life (as an MD): Kind: captions Language: en habits are such an important factor when it comes&nbsp; to how you live your life and here I'm talking&nbsp;&nbsp; about both good habits and not so good habits we&nbsp; all have various habits whether we realize it or&nbsp;&nbsp; not but if you have started to realize that your&nbsp; habits could use a bit of a makeover then I think&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to enjoy this video I'm going to be&nbsp; telling you about 10 different habits that I have&nbsp;&nbsp; personally adopted in recent years and each one&nbsp; has made a huge positive impact on my life now if&nbsp;&nbsp; you've watched me here on YouTube before then&nbsp; welcome back but if you are new to my channel&nbsp;&nbsp; then welcome I'm Kim Foster and I'm an MD turned&nbsp; coach and wellness expert and on this channel I&nbsp;&nbsp; talk about wellness and business and designing&nbsp; a beautiful life for yourself so if those things&nbsp;&nbsp; resonate with you then I am so glad that you&nbsp; found me here now with these 10 habits of mine&nbsp;&nbsp; that I am going to describe I'm not saying that&nbsp; you need to adopt these habits I firmly believe&nbsp;&nbsp; that everyone is individual and what works for one&nbsp; person just doesn't necessarily work for another&nbsp;&nbsp; person so I am not prescribing these habits I'm&nbsp; simply sharing with you some of the changes that&nbsp;&nbsp; I have made in my life to improve my own health&nbsp; and happiness and you know if there's something&nbsp;&nbsp; in there that inspires you and you would like&nbsp; to try then that's wonderful also this is not&nbsp;&nbsp; a comprehensive list of all the things that I do&nbsp; on a daily basis I've just kind of pulled out 10&nbsp;&nbsp; somewhat random things that are a part of my life&nbsp; and my routines and they are also in no particular&nbsp;&nbsp; order so without further Ado let's get started&nbsp; the first habit that I want to share with you is&nbsp;&nbsp; journaling every day so I started journaling on&nbsp; a daily basis several years ago and it has made&nbsp;&nbsp; such a huge difference to my life this is where I&nbsp; get to examine my thoughts and feelings and really&nbsp;&nbsp; be intentional about my choices it's definitely&nbsp; the best way that I have found of managing my&nbsp;&nbsp; mind because what I've learned is that add all of&nbsp; those thoughts and feelings they were already in&nbsp;&nbsp; there but until I started journaling and writing&nbsp; them down they were unexamined and unexamined&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts and feelings will just influence your&nbsp; daily actions and decisions unconsciously until&nbsp;&nbsp; you become aware of them so my journal is where&nbsp; I work everything out and it's really the best&nbsp;&nbsp; part of my day okay so the second habit is&nbsp; an early bedtime and an early wake-up time&nbsp;&nbsp; so I assumed when I was younger that I was not&nbsp; a morning person because that's what my parents&nbsp;&nbsp; always told me but I now realize that I was just&nbsp; being a teenager with a later body clock totally&nbsp;&nbsp; normal so as an adult though you know I began&nbsp; to realize the benefits of waking up early and&nbsp;&nbsp; there are a lot of them for me but waking up early&nbsp; means going to bed early and protecting my sleep&nbsp;&nbsp; is Paramount so I go to bed at 10 pm and wake up&nbsp; at 6am and that's seven days a week whether it's&nbsp;&nbsp; Tuesday or Sunday my body and mind are just so&nbsp; used to this now it feels Perfectly Natural and&nbsp;&nbsp; and I know that my system thrives on this all&nbsp; right so to help me with that early bedtime I have&nbsp;&nbsp; a simple evening routine that I follow and this&nbsp; is habit number three now my routine does change&nbsp;&nbsp; a little depending on the season but right now I&nbsp; usually have a cup of tea I step away from screens&nbsp;&nbsp; I listen to relaxing music and right now because&nbsp; it's winter I make a hot water bottle which I tuck&nbsp;&nbsp; into the sheets at the foot of my bed now I know&nbsp; that this sounds a little Grandma maybe but while&nbsp;&nbsp; it's warming the foot of my bed that is when I&nbsp; go into my skincare routine which I think I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; make a separate video about that but when I slip&nbsp; into bed my toes are nice and toasty and I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; care how old-fashioned it is to use a hot water&nbsp; bottle I'm obsessed so anyway once I'm in my bed&nbsp;&nbsp; my bedtime routine ends with a bit of time reading&nbsp; a good book and then it's lights out all right so&nbsp;&nbsp; let's move on to Habit number four okay so I know&nbsp; that I'm going to lose a lot of you with this one&nbsp;&nbsp; and I am not saying that this is something that&nbsp; everyone needs to do but I'm just telling you&nbsp;&nbsp; what I do that has made a big difference to my&nbsp; well-being and it's switching to decaf coffee I&nbsp;&nbsp; am now completely decaffeinated and the reason is&nbsp; because of migraines so I suffered from migraines&nbsp;&nbsp; for a long time and I was getting a lot of them&nbsp; like weekly and sometimes more than one a week it&nbsp;&nbsp; was really bad I have made a ton of changes to my&nbsp; lifestyle over the years to try to get this under&nbsp;&nbsp; control and a lot of things have helped but&nbsp; the biggest Difference Maker was cutting out&nbsp;&nbsp; caffeine entirely now I resisted this for a long&nbsp; time because I love my coffee and I have been a&nbsp;&nbsp; regular coffee drinker since my first year at&nbsp; University basically when I need to just stay&nbsp;&nbsp; awake through my 8 A.M physics class so I avoided&nbsp; making this change because well I just didn't want&nbsp;&nbsp; to but then I decided that I needed to try it and&nbsp; see so I ease myself in with half calf for a few&nbsp;&nbsp; months and then gradually reduced that too and now&nbsp; I am completely decaffeinated so with decaf coffee&nbsp;&nbsp; I still get to enjoy the taste and the warmth and&nbsp; the smell of coffee in the morning but without&nbsp;&nbsp; the dependence on caffeine and it has meant that I&nbsp; rarely get migraines now I can't say that I never&nbsp;&nbsp; get migraines because they do happen occasionally&nbsp; usually with hormone shifts but it's so much&nbsp;&nbsp; better than it ever was another benefit is that&nbsp; when we travel I'm not in a desperate state to get&nbsp;&nbsp; my coffee first thing in the morning it used to be&nbsp; that if I didn't get a coffee early I would start&nbsp;&nbsp; to develop a headache and I just really hated that&nbsp; dependence obviously now I'm completely free of&nbsp;&nbsp; that all right habit number five is to plan out&nbsp; the week week of dinners ahead of time so I have&nbsp;&nbsp; two kids and many years ago I noticed that a big&nbsp; source of daily stress for me was the dinner time&nbsp;&nbsp; what should we have for dinner drama it was always&nbsp; a scramble and had me or my husband trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; figure something out and if we were too tired or&nbsp; busy or couldn't come up with anything good that&nbsp;&nbsp; is when we were likely to just order something&nbsp; or make bad choices so I started planning out&nbsp;&nbsp; what we would have each evening a week ahead and&nbsp; it changed my life so I have a chalkboard in my&nbsp;&nbsp; kitchen where every Saturday I just write&nbsp; out the menu for the week ahead of dinners&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's where my boys know to look if they are&nbsp; wondering what we're having and honestly because I&nbsp;&nbsp; have been doing this since they were quite little&nbsp; they don't even question it and they question me&nbsp;&nbsp; on everything else I live in a family of people&nbsp; who like to be in charge and there are a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; strong opinions it's definitely not without its&nbsp; challenges but this one thing they totally accept&nbsp;&nbsp; they might kind of grumble a little bit if they&nbsp; see something on there that they are just not sure&nbsp;&nbsp; that they're going to like but they don't really&nbsp; challenge me on it which is kind of interesting&nbsp;&nbsp; but for me it's great to see the week of dinners&nbsp; I can make sure that I am striking a good balance&nbsp;&nbsp; and variety and making sure that we're eating&nbsp; enough fish for example and have a meatless meal&nbsp;&nbsp; or two in there and when I order my weekly staple&nbsp; Groceries on the weekend I know exactly what I&nbsp;&nbsp; need to get okay number six for me is running&nbsp; Outdoors every day so most days I go for a run&nbsp;&nbsp; outside and this is possible because I live on&nbsp; the west coast of British Columbia on Vancouver&nbsp;&nbsp; Island and it's pretty mild here all year round&nbsp; we don't really get snow here maybe just a few&nbsp;&nbsp; days or a week around Christmas or in January so&nbsp; the weather just doesn't hold me back at all so I&nbsp;&nbsp; go for a run by the Pacific Ocean year round and&nbsp; it's a daily habit for me on the occasions when&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't run let's say but I'm feeling sort of I&nbsp; did a heavy workout the day before or if I'm just&nbsp;&nbsp; giving myself a little break I go for a nice long&nbsp; walk now I haven't always been a runner though in&nbsp;&nbsp; fact I used to have a story that I would only&nbsp; run if I was being chased which I thought was&nbsp;&nbsp; hilarious but then I then I kind of had a change&nbsp; of heart and I decided that I wanted to try&nbsp;&nbsp; running and so I got started using the couch to 5K&nbsp; program which is just the best thing the easiest&nbsp;&nbsp; way to gradually become a runner and then I really&nbsp; started to enjoy it however even then with kids it&nbsp;&nbsp; became kind of tough to find the right time to do&nbsp; it on a regular basis so it didn't really become a&nbsp;&nbsp; daily habit for me until I started pairing it with&nbsp; another daily routine which was walking my kids to&nbsp;&nbsp; school because I was already putting on shoes&nbsp; and going outside to walk my kids to school I&nbsp;&nbsp; decided to just try getting dressed in my running&nbsp; gear and running shoes and just walking them to&nbsp;&nbsp; school like that and then instead of just walking&nbsp; straight home I would run home from their school&nbsp;&nbsp; and just kind of take a longer scenic route home&nbsp; so it became a total no-brainer just an automatic&nbsp;&nbsp; thing it's just as easy to get dressed in running&nbsp; gear as any other set of clothes that I might put&nbsp;&nbsp; on for the walk to school and once I was in&nbsp; my running gear and once I had dropped off my&nbsp;&nbsp; kid because there was no reason not to just start&nbsp; running at that point that's when I became really&nbsp;&nbsp; hooked and now even though my boys are old enough&nbsp; that they walk to school by themselves and you&nbsp;&nbsp; know with their friends I still start my day with&nbsp; a run it's so beneficial not just for my fitness&nbsp;&nbsp; level but also for my mind and it feels amazing&nbsp; to breathe fresh air in the morning and I know&nbsp;&nbsp; also that getting a healthy source of daylight&nbsp; early in the day is just great for my circadian&nbsp;&nbsp; clog which helps to regulate all of my systems&nbsp; okay so moving on to Habit number seven which is&nbsp;&nbsp; intermittent fasting so I have made a number of&nbsp; other videos about intermittent fasting which I&nbsp;&nbsp; will go ahead and Link in the description box so&nbsp; I'm not going to go into a ton of detail here but&nbsp;&nbsp; I had to include this on my list of healthy habits&nbsp; because this one has been huge for me so I was&nbsp;&nbsp; super skeptical about intermittent fasting when I&nbsp; first heard about it and it certainly went against&nbsp;&nbsp; the conventional medical Viewpoint at the time&nbsp; all the stuff that I had been trained in but I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; so glad that I decided to do my own research and&nbsp; reading about it and then gave it a try because&nbsp;&nbsp; it has been a game changer so I follow a 16 8&nbsp; eating pattern now which means that I only eat&nbsp;&nbsp; between the hours of 12 noon and 8 PM the rest of&nbsp; the time I'm in a fasting window which of course&nbsp;&nbsp; is mostly when I'm sleeping but also importantly&nbsp; during the morning I'm fasting then too now I used&nbsp;&nbsp; to be a big time breakfast person and I thought I&nbsp; couldn't possibly get by without breakfast but now&nbsp;&nbsp; all I consume in the morning is my black coffee&nbsp; decaf as I mentioned and black or green or herbal&nbsp;&nbsp; tea and lots of water and then all my meals happen&nbsp; in that eight hour window after noon intermittent&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting has helped me control my weight given&nbsp; me more energy and focus than ever before it's&nbsp;&nbsp; improved my digestive system improved my skin&nbsp; and I know that it is also helping me to Stave&nbsp;&nbsp; off chronic disease and serious illness again for&nbsp; more detail on how it does all of that check out&nbsp;&nbsp; the other videos that I will link here if you're&nbsp; curious okay so since we are on the topic of&nbsp;&nbsp; mornings that's another healthy habit that is&nbsp; such an important part of my life my morning&nbsp;&nbsp; routine so just like my evening routine I change&nbsp; my morning routine around a little depending on&nbsp;&nbsp; the season and some other factors but currently&nbsp; my morning routine involves a glass of water my&nbsp;&nbsp; coffee music a candle a short meditation and my&nbsp; journal then after I've taken care of myself and&nbsp;&nbsp; centered myself then I'm ready to start getting my&nbsp; family organized for the day ahead with breakfast&nbsp;&nbsp; for my kids and getting everyone off to school&nbsp; and then I get my workout in starting with my&nbsp;&nbsp; daily run outside that I just talked about a key&nbsp; part of my morning routine is that I do my best&nbsp;&nbsp; to avoid looking at email or other notifications&nbsp; first thing this one is a tough one for me as I&nbsp;&nbsp; think it is for most of us but I know that when I&nbsp; resist the urge to pick up my phone and just focus&nbsp;&nbsp; on my own self-care and then my family that sets&nbsp; the right tone for the day all those notifications&nbsp;&nbsp; and needs from other people they can wait I know&nbsp; that they will be there when I'm ready for them&nbsp;&nbsp; okay habit number nine is my pamper day so once&nbsp; a week on the weekend I do a bit of pampering now&nbsp;&nbsp; this isn't an entire day of pampering let's get&nbsp; real but we're talking about an hour or so of some&nbsp;&nbsp; deep self-care and luxury so I have a bathing&nbsp; ritual that includes dry brushing before I get&nbsp;&nbsp; in the tub I put on some soothing music and light&nbsp; some candles I add Epsom salts and essential oils&nbsp;&nbsp; to the water usually lavender which is my favorite&nbsp; and then I put on a face mask and bring a book&nbsp;&nbsp; into the tub with me so I always have a glass of&nbsp; cool water with me on my little bath bridge I have&nbsp;&nbsp; one of those old-fashioned clawfoot tubs and a&nbsp; really cute wooden bath bridge and occasionally if&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a special occasion I have a glass of wine in&nbsp; the tub for just extra celebration or relaxation&nbsp;&nbsp; or whatever but that's kind of a rare treat okay&nbsp; so my final healthy habit is maybe more of a&nbsp;&nbsp; productivity one but it's something that really&nbsp; helps keep me on track and live an intentional&nbsp;&nbsp; life and it's writing out my plan for the day the&nbsp; night before I suppose this is technically part&nbsp;&nbsp; of my evening routine but sometimes I actually do&nbsp; this earlier in the day like once I stop working&nbsp;&nbsp; for the day and before I start making dinner and&nbsp; moving into those evening routines so I look at my&nbsp;&nbsp; calendar for the next day and my also my project&nbsp; management system and I write out by hand a list&nbsp;&nbsp; of the things that are going to need to get done&nbsp; the next day I have appointments at certain times&nbsp;&nbsp; I make notes about that and then I create lists&nbsp; of both personal and professional things that I&nbsp;&nbsp; intended to do and I also go one step further to&nbsp; prioritize those lists this is a huge addition&nbsp;&nbsp; that I made to my system a few years ago because&nbsp; when faced with a list of things to do I would&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes experience that indecision or overwhelm&nbsp; about what to start with so when I have a list&nbsp;&nbsp; I always ask myself if I only have time to do&nbsp; one of these things tomorrow which is the most&nbsp;&nbsp; important one to get done and then I put like&nbsp; a little number one beside that thing and then&nbsp;&nbsp; I ask myself okay so let's say that I got that&nbsp; one thing done and I have time for the next thing&nbsp;&nbsp; which one should it be and then that item gets&nbsp; a number two and then I just keep going until I&nbsp;&nbsp; have a priority number beside each item and then&nbsp; the next day I don't really have to think about&nbsp;&nbsp; it I just look for number one do that thing and&nbsp; then keep moving I get so much more accomplished&nbsp;&nbsp; in a day because of it and without a lot of drama&nbsp; or indecision or fatigue all right that brings us&nbsp;&nbsp; to the end of my 10 healthy habits I hope that&nbsp; it was helpful to hear more details about the&nbsp;&nbsp; habits that I have adopted to live a healthier&nbsp; life and I hope that I have given you some ideas&nbsp;&nbsp; to get your juices flowing about the habits that&nbsp; you might like to adopt and bring into your life&nbsp;&nbsp; I also want to mention that if intermittent&nbsp; fasting is something that you are curious&nbsp;&nbsp; about and you would like to learn a little more&nbsp; about it than I did put together a checklist&nbsp;&nbsp; of my top 10 intermittent fasting tips you can&nbsp; download that PDF for free by just clicking on&nbsp;&nbsp; the link in the description box all right so now&nbsp; it is your turn I would love to hear about your&nbsp;&nbsp; Healthy Habits drop them in the comments below&nbsp; this video just let me know about one thing that&nbsp;&nbsp; you do as a regular habit maybe even a daily habit&nbsp; that helps you to live a healthier happier life&nbsp;&nbsp; that way the comments can actually be a source of&nbsp; even more ideas for people okay that's a wrap for&nbsp;&nbsp; this video take care have a wonderful day and&nbsp; I will see you again very soon foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @KimFosterMD [41 likes]: I hope you enjoy this video!! Let me know in the comments: what's one of your healthy habits? 💗
  2. @aishwarya_g00wda: this one’s got that you don’t expect much but it delivers vibe simple on the surface but actually keeps you engaged till the end 👌
  3. @azuremelanimelover4life301: Thank you for sharing these tips with us.
  4. @AquaHernandezlopez: This made me realize I’ve been prioritizing things that don’t really matter in the long run
  5. @GaryTorres875: I feel like this content slowly changes your mindset without forcin
g anything, which makes it more effective long term
  6. @Faithandlight_me: Habits and choices are so important and shape the kind of experience in you one will have. I made the choice to heal so I can enjoy a better happier life. I'm looking for my tribe.
  7. @TerrenceHarris-x9f: Hi olga
  8. @priscillap2025: Your decaf caffeine coffee is very good advice! Caffeine ruins my sleep schedule badly, then ruins my productivity next day… and if I’m not careful and make a point of it, my sleep schedule will be ruined for a week long from one night of lack of sleep because it has a compound effect if I don’t persist to sleep on time the next day. This is the reason why I don’t drink anymore, it’s a waste of a week of me recovering.
  9. @LongevityForgeHQ: Thank you
  10. @GoldenHabits-z7e: love you
  11. @EvvyKoralle: Very interesting, learned something new.
  12. @hengamejafari-d5y: You just solved a massive problem for me!
  13. @dr.bertgriffith8: Excellent presentation, Dr. Foster!! Thank you!! These habits are spelled out nicely in the well received book "15 Power Habits of Wellness" a must read.
  14. @MiYo-l5h: ❤❤❤
  15. @GudiyaPandeyvlogs: my dear sports me ❤️
  16. @magdalenakubiesza974: Decaf coffee has 30% of caffeine still in it 🤷‍♀️
  17. @wellbodisalone: Some exercise is an essential part of my day.
  18. @nhacthieunhi-3D: 😶😶😶😶
  19. @FrancesLegge: This is pure gold, seriously awesome!
  20. @МаксимСоколов-в1г: I can’t stand of making plans. It would turn my life into a nightmare if I had to plan every day.

- Lose Weight Over 60: 3 Practical & Tested Tips from Those Doing It: Kind: captions Language: en as we age some weight loss strategies stay the same but others have to be tweaked to be practical and effective I am currently eight years away from 60 years old so I can't give a direct advice but there are many members of my weight loss coaching program in this age group in this video I will be sharing stories from those members so that you can see what is actually working for weight loss after succeeding in the form of my freedom health program I asked members who are over the age of 60 about the unique challenges that they face as well as the strategies that have worked to get the pounds off so let's start with the challenges many members identified the slowing down of metabolism as well as the inability to exercise as they once did as challenges that can slow down weight loss and while those may be realities they don't prevent weight loss as we will see as we progress through this video another obstacle that was brought up often was the fact that bad eating habits have had a long time to get ingrained into our daily habits by the time that we reach 60 and habits have an element of being automatic we don't have to think about grabbing a piece of candy out of a candy dish but we do have to think about not grabbing it out of the dish so habits can be hard to change but one of the more surprising challenges that was widely mentioned dealt with mindset at or beyond 60 it's easy to adopt the mindset that this is how it is for me I just can't lose I've tried every diet Under the Sun or to lose confidence in your ability to lose weight as this member mentioned when she said that it's easy to resign yourself to the thought that I'll try anything but I doubt I'll follow through anymore so if you're feeling discouraged or hopeless just know that those feelings are not yours alone and I would add that if weight loss has been hard for you up to this point it's not due to a lack of wanting to eat healthy much of the blame lies in our confusion over what exactly healthy eat for weight loss looks like starting in the 1970s we entered the war against fat and this was an easy war for us to pick a side for because it sounds very logical that if we eat fat we'll get fat however it took until the recent decade for us as a mass society to start questioning that assumption we now know that weight loss is a hormone elite driven process and that the most important hormone for controlling your weight is insulin that light bulb understanding changed everything because we now know that when we select foods that keep insulin levels low we encourage our bodies to lose weight and the nutrient that keeps insulin low is dietary fat yet despite the fact that this new understanding of eating fat has been well studied and documented learning to allow fat into your diet is a tough thing to do because it is essentially learning a new way of eating that is in direct contrast to the rules that we have been living by but switching to a higher fat diet is one of the strategies that was often credited for the success that my members have had which is illustrated in the words of this member I had to understand that eating whole facts instead of low-fat everything was much healthier and would help me to lose weight almost everything that I had learned over the years was turned upside down and I loved this contribution as well I've modified an apple a day keeps the doctor away - an avocado a day keeps the hunger away not that an apple is bad but an avocado is a great healthy fat fruit for weight loss now it is good to note that just increasing your fat intake is not going to yield the weight loss results that you want that dietary change needs to be accompanied by a drop in sugar and refined carbs those are the foods that spike insulin and therefore block weight loss and I acknowledge that cutting down on sugar is a scary notion because cakes cookies and candies are not only fun foods to eat but as we age they become forms of entertainment and ways of showing love I have many videos here on YouTube about moving away from sugar but it is one thing for me to tell you that you can stop eating sugar it is quite another for me to share the words of those who have successfully done it after the age of 60 one member wrote I never thought I'd be able to not want sugar but after only a few days I didn't I think when people read that they think well fine for her but they don't know how much I love Oreos or whatever but I was one of those people Hershey's milk chocolate for me and I can easily turn down sugar best of all not be tempted and that temptation does subside because you lose your tolerance to sugar and once you get in the swing of how to make this shift to a high fat low sugar lifestyle you discover that it is truly enjoyable and that the food is very satisfying as shared by this member who said love the recipes I didn't realize that I could lose weight and eat so well another strategy that was mentioned by many members is intermittent fasting intermittent fasting simply means that you split your day between eating hours and fasting hours much like if you've ever had a blood test scheduled for the morning and the technician asks you to not eat after dinner the night before practicing intermittent fasting is no more complicated than that and this works for the same reason that a high fat low carb diet works because it has the same effect on your insulin level insulin is pumped into your blood when you eat a meal so if there is no food coming in insulin stays low and your body stays in the state that encourages fat burning so three practical and tested strategies that work after the age of 60 are to increase healthy fats decrease refined carbs and sugar and incorporate intermittent fasting by shortening the number of hours a day that you consume calories and I wanted to share a few more very encouraging comments from members I asked members to share the positive side effects they've experienced since losing weight I'm going to share their words about getting off of medications improved sleep less joint pain and improved mood and their words are so powerful that I wanted this step out of the way and let you read them [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [28 likes]: Thanks for watching! You can learn about my coaching program here: https://www.drbeckyfitness.com/weight-loss-coaching-program-fhp-2/
  2. @thetempleofone [6 likes]: The sugar craving is always there. I've lived off chocolate bars, chips and cookies as meals rather than food in the past. i have areal sweet tooth.  But at 61 I'm determined to break the habit and lose weight. I'm aiming for 70lbs in 12 months to start. Wish me luck and any tips gratefully received. I believe its now or never!
  3. @CarlBridgeforth [2 likes]: Why you talk so much but you don't tell anything for 8 minutes
  4. @Donnasaur64 [1 likes]: I’m 65 and I tried intermittent fasting and enjoyed it but then I  got a vestibular migraine because I wasn’t eating regular meals , now I’m trying a calorie deficit and regular exercise , but honestly barely any result on the scales although I feel healthier 😢
  5. @michellewall6748 [1 likes]: Thank you so much…. Just the inspiration I’ve needed! I lost 28lbs last year….its all come back and more… I’m no inspired to do it again… thank you!
  6. @jennieosborne3530 [1 likes]: I am having a lot of challenges with weight loss. I can't excercise like I could when I was younger. I am discouraged now where I don't think I'll never get the weight off. I feel everything is turned upside down to. Then when I lost weight my sugars dropped too low. Then I want to lose weight.
  7. @ISing4Jesus6353 [1 likes]: Wish it were that easy. I'm 62 and I've done all of those things mentioned...increased healthy fats, decreased sugars and refined carbs and intermittent fasting. While I did lose some I'm down to trying to lose the last stubborn 10 lbs but can't seem to get it off. I'm being told it may be due to muscle loss which is causing my metabolism to slow down. How do I fix this without going to the gym?
  8. @annariejansen9062: And you think I can read that size font!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  9. @TimLAW-s3d: Dr Becky, Im 62, obese and suffering from Scarpenia, what do you suggest?  im too weak to walk any long distances and find myself out of breath just walking around the corner. Im really struggling and giving up. I need a solid plan i can stick with and not give like i find myself doing every time.  Please reply if you can, thank you
  10. @TimLAW-s3d: are there sample meal plans available?
  11. @annariejansen9062: Could not see messages, please read out in future please 😢
  12. @Doctor_Said_What: Very good info
  13. @60andyoung: Amazing video
  14. @ОльгаВоробьева-щ8ю: What a lovely Lady! 🌹
  15. @areilly12732: just get to the point please
  16. @SeniorWeightLoss: Thank you so much for the info. Every little bit helps.
  17. @michaelp5518: Start with your BMR on a calculator. That will shock you. Put in what it was 20 years ago. 100 calories makes a huge difference. And the sugar aspect is very true. And remember, hunger without sugar means your body is losing weight.
  18. @Johnandyperry: Please keep in mind that complex carbs are Really important - think whole fruits and vegetables. So, a completely low carb diet is really unhealthy.
  19. @ArlieMcChon: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  20. @JeniferVsey: The best desicion I ever made was getting the ebook Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, it completly changed my life

- 5 Daily Habits of Thin Women - So Simple!: Kind: captions Language: en the daily habits of thin people right off the bat here we need to make mindset shift if you are solely focused on thinness losing weight and being skinny you're not going to be successful in the long term if you want to be a successful healthy person in the long term you have to focus on long-term Health as I always say when you focus on health you lose weight as a side effect but when you focus on weight loss you lose Health as a side effect today I'm going to be telling you five habits that I and I know others do daily to maintain our long-term health [Music] if you're new to the channel hey I'm Emmy I'm a nutritionist and the creator of the slim on starch program if you want to work with me as well as the mindset coach and a nutrition coach to lose weight on a plant-based diet please click the link in the down bar or go to healthymu.org I know what you're thinking no Michelangelo did not stop by and do the clip art that you see on my whiteboard today it was me I have some little icons here to give you a hint of what each healthy habit is for healthy habit number five I have an icon of a toothbrush what could that mean well for the love of God I hope that brushing your teeth is a non-negotiable and healthy habit number five that I'm going to be talking about is the fact that SOS which is the program that I created and follow slim on starch it's a non-negotiable what do I mean by this I mean that life can be messy we are busy people we have things to do but we brush our teeth every day and we shower every day and we brush our hair we do these things because they're non-negotiables and they're part of daily hygiene why not make your diet as serious as your hygiene SOS slim on starch that's the way I eat and that's bad it doesn't matter if it's rain or if it's shine or if I'm stressed or if I'm happy or if I'm excited or if I'm having a tough day I'm eating SOS and that is completely separate from my emotions or whatever is going on in my personal life or in my business or with my clients if my client is having a very difficult day my need to eat and fuel myself properly that's in the biological category whereas emotions and business and personal life that's a totally separate category these two things do not relate to one another on my day-to-days sure when it's a special occasion or on certain occasions cake and celebrations totally different ball game here but day to day the daily habit is that I eat SOS and that is that period no bargaining no room room for anything else keeping my diet SOS with no negotiations don't let that little devil in your shoulder negotiate with you and say oh well you had a tough day you shun whined with this no no no no tough day that's in the emotional category what I eat that is in the biological category I need to fuel myself and that's that you don't go I went and got my oil changed yesterday right I didn't go get my oil changes and say uh well I already spent you know 80 bucks on my oil change so I'm not going to spend another 60 bucks to fill my tank up no I need to put gas in my tank no matter what gas is a non-negotiable to drive your car just like eating SOS is a non-negotiable for a long healthy happy life by the way my sincerest apologies about the lighting it's a it's a sunny day but it's also partly cloudy so the clouds come in it ruins my natural lighting but just pretend like it's a podcast for Icon number four Michelangelo was so kind to to put a clock with an X next to it what does this mean X clock what could I mean by this it means healthy habit number four which is that I eat when I'm hungry not because the cloth tells me to eat or tells me not to eat what we do when we eat by the clock is we take our beautiful natural hungerfulness goose and we say forget about you I'm going to pay attention to this clock and so I'll hear people say I don't have hunger fullness cues will you have them you've just taught yourself to numb them out and to not listen to them because of the rules of intermittent fasting or Society saying that lunch time is at 12 o'clock and if you're if you're hungry at 11 30 no no no no no you wait until 12 or if it's two o'clock and you're hungry oh well you already had your lunch sorry I guess you're gonna have to suffer until 5 30 or 6 when it's time for supper when you do this you push down your body's ability to send you hunger signals and what happens is my age-old saying I always say this to my clients if you don't eat when you're hungry you won't stop when you're full write that down if I don't eat when I'm hungry I won't stop when I'm full so I'll hear people say for some reason I just once I start I can't stop and I say well what did you eat during the day and they go well I didn't eat during the day because I'm practicing intermittent fasting but then once my window opens it is Off to the Races and that's perfectly case in point if I don't even when I'm hungry I won't stop when I pull eat now or eat later if you eat later the quantity is always greater so what healthy people do maybe I should just cross out thin and write healthy here because that's what we're focusing on if you focus on health you'll lose weight as a side effect and honestly while we're at it let's just write Honeys because if you're watching this video congratulations you're a healthy honey and you're gonna start doing these habits today what healthy people do is they eat when they're hungry they don't pay attention to the clock if I'm hungry and it's 7 A.M or if it's 8 P.M I'm going to eat period you'll notice that with habits five and habits four I I full stop I draw the line there I eat when I'm hungry period I eat SOS period That's that don't let yourself bargain once you start bargaining you'll find you can find an excuse for for anything you can support any debate that you have in your head don't go there if you know it's destructive habit number three I have some lips here I think some people might know what it is write in the comments pause this video and write in the comments if you think you know what I mean when I put lips up here it means kiss so all of my clients know what this means I eat kiss meals the majority of the time a kiss meal as we call it in the slim on starch program is a keep it simple sweetie meal if you are a top-notch chef then you go do your thing honey impress us all you can come over to my house and you can cook any day of the week for me personally I like to kiss I like to keep it simple sweetie my meals are a simple combination of starches vegetables fruits legumes nut seeds avocado I don't do any crazy recipes I'm not you know saute this for six minutes and add in 1 8 of a teaspoon of that and caramelize it and put in the oven if I did that for every meal holidays sure I'm having guests over sure but daily day to day if I have to be a chef on top of what I do for a living I couldn't do both that's another full-time job to be a chef so instead by batch cooking at the beginning of the week on Sunday or on Saturday all of your kiss principles all of your starches and your vegetables and your fruits and your legumes during the week you can just throw together a easy combination of these and it's not you know I hear people say I need this to be exciting I need recipes I need tasty when you look at the way that you probably used to eat I know that a lot of cultures do meat potato Veg it's basically the same thing here potato veg lagoons so and also when you allow your taste buds to adjust simple meals taste amazing my clients if you're a client of mine write in the comments and tell us that you look forward to your kiss meals and if you're out on vacation and you start having all this other stuff you're like I just want my kiss meals again I just my rice broccoli tofu and liquid aminos give me the good stuff so kiss by keeping it super simple I allow myself to open up brain space to think about other things in the world and I don't have to get so stressed out and spend just so much brain energy on my meals every time you make a decision your blood glucose depletes you get that low feeling and your willpower goes down so if you don't have to make too many decisions around food you're going to be more successful icon number two that we have here I think this one actually the toothbrush is really good I'm not gonna I'm not to brag or anything but uh the broccoli is pretty good too so habit number two is what do I mean when I put a little icon of broccoli there I eat green vegetables every day of my life green vegetables contain thylakoids the reason why the green vegetables have them and the others don't have them is because they're formed in the process of the something related to chlorophyll and photosynthesis and as we all know chlorophyll is green so the creation of the thylakoids in connection with chlorophyll if you remember from seventh grade science chlorophyll is green is why green vegetables contain thylakoids and others do not perhaps others do just on such high concentrations but green vegetables are known for the thylakoids what is a thylakoid why do I keep keep saying this word thylakoids shut off the hunger signal so if you have green vegetables with your meal especially earlier in the day you're going to be way more satisfied during the day in Allah lot less likely to have cravings so by making sure that you're incorporating green vegetables every day and even better at most of your meals you're going to feel satisfied you're not going to be craving sugar your hand's not going to be in the cookie jar if that is something that is very much a part of your daily life it's going to be a lot less with the inclusion of green vegetables but I noticed that when I have green vegetables earlier in the day I'm a lot more satisfied during the day I'm not reaching for fruit as much you just feel a lot more steady so green vegetables are your best friend if you want to be healthy in the long term my sincerest apologies for how the lighting just went down habit number one is probably my worst all the drawings okay fine it was me it was Michelangelo I drew the drawings I have the little orange guy here that's supposed to be beige and so are these little Pebble looking things I mean this is just this is really sad so let's get rid of that and let's just write what happened number one is which is potatoes and oatmeal these are part of my day every day they are unbelievably satisfying and they're low in calorie density as well so a pound of potatoes for example super satisfying if you eat a pound of potatoes you're gonna be like I'm good only 350 calories you have a pound of oatmeal a pound of wet oatmeal not dry oatmeal different different scenario here but calories per pound in terms of oatmeal about 300 400 calories per pound and oatmeal is so satisfying and it's not too heavy so I love having oatmeal as a snack between meals of I'm about to go out to dinner because I feel super satisfied and super steady but I don't feel like my stomach I don't feel all bloated like there's a ton of food in my stomach there was a study done the satiety of common foods study and it was found that the number one off the charts most satisfying food in the world was boiled white potatoes so yes you can have white potatoes in fact I had some white potatoes last night they were absolutely delicious I didn't have some more today maybe after filming this video already had my oatmeal today these two Foods a million percent are the number one in two foods that have contributed to my long-term success on this lifestyle no doubt in my mind number five is my lucky number let me know what your lucky number is in the comments and let me show off my client Amy who implemented all of these tactics here and you can watch her success story I love you Honeys I'll see you next time thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @nellievance [43 likes]: Broccoli and potatoes was all it took for me to lose 60 pounds in two years. Keep It Simple Sweetie!!
  2. @HealthyEmmie [3 likes]: 🍃 Join SLIM: https://healthyemmieapp.org
🍃 Cookbooks: https://tinyurl.com/emmiecookbooks
🍃 Supplements: https://healthyemmie.org/pages/supplements
  3. @staceycorriea1419 [1 likes]: Love the point that a hard day is in the emotional category but eating healthy is in the biological category.  Not allowing our emotions to change our healthy habits was an impactful statement for me.  For example, just bc I had a bad day, I wouldn’t not brush my teeth or shower.  Thanks for this point.
  4. @josettechrystall9290 [1 likes]: Such simple advice and it has made such an impact on my and my life.  Really Emmie I wish you could know how free I feel after years of being held captive by food.
  5. @laissantana7385 [1 likes]: Everything you said makes totally sense 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
  6. @betsyk3023 [1 likes]: Great tips, I love oatmeal and I'm curious what kind of greens do you eat with your oatmeal, which I assume is most often breakfast?
  7. @janelle9805 [1 likes]: Keep it Simple Sweetie !!!! 😊
  8. @lordaquezz: Thank you ❤
  9. @JustReginaMarie: You really shouldn’t use another creator’s image in your thumbnail without their consent
  10. @SabrinaMorenike: “If you dont eat when you’re hungry, you wont stop when you’re full”
  11. @Queen-Off-All: Hunger goes away if you eat less for like a few days in a raw… while fasting…me too my meals are so simple😂 I can’t cook! It doesn’t even taste much!😅 But i love it! Good for me!
  12. @livewithmanon6443: Eating when hungry is really unrealistic, you can't always eat outside of lunch break. Maybe if you have a office job you can eat behind your desk but when you are taking care of animals for a living you can only eat in your breaks
  13. @Unkxwn_1: I also realized when I'm busy or outside the house I don't feel hungry at all
  14. @sebrinadickerson3341: Hey, I'm not even going to entertain watching this. Could you stop promoting eating disorders by emphasizing 'thin' in your titles?
  15. @kimberlywatson591: Your hair looks amazing 🤩
  16. @comentariiBAC1: KISS MEALS :)
  17. @kittykatjo1826: Wow. So awesome.
  18. @Yowzers14: Hi Emmie, how come you’re always wearing long sleeves now?
  19. @toniraibick4460: Emmie
I don't like oatmeal for breakfast what else can I eat
  20. @Pycnanthemum71: Love your sense of humor😀

- What's the Best Diet? Healthy Eating 101: Kind: captions Language: ar مرحباّ أنا الدكتور مايك إيفانز واليوم سوف أتكلم عن الأكل الصحي وهو موضوع ضخم على الرغم من أنه يبدو سهلاَ ولكنه في الواقع معقد للغاية ذلك فقد رأيت أنه من الأفضل أن تركز على ما سأقوله ذا قررت أن تجلس معي في العيادة ما رأيك أن نبدأ بالتساؤل عن ما تريد تحقيقه خسارة الوزن؟ التقليل من الإفراط في الأكل؟ الأكل الصحي؟ حياة صحية أطول؟ إذاََ فما يهمك هو الصورة العامة وأود الإشارة إلى أن الأكل هو مجرد سلوك وحيد في السلسلة الصحية فالتمرين البدني المنتظم يؤدي إلى تحكم أفضل بالضغوطات النفسية ونوم أفضل وهو ما يقود إلى خيارات غذائية أفضل بالتالي إلى طاقة أكبر واحتمالية أقل للإصابة بأمراض مزمنة وهكذا أما إذا كنت تسعى أن تنقص وزنك؟ فنظرياَ ذلك سهل "لا تأكل كثيراَ، وتحرك أكثر من المعتاد " ولكن المشكلة تكمن في إبقاء ميزان السعادة متزناَ على أرض الواقع ففي الدول المتقدمة نحن محاطون بأطعمة رخيصة الثمن لا حصر لها ذات سعرات حرارية مرتفعة، ومذاقات متنوعة، وأحجام هائلة أما الطرف الآخر من معادلة ميزان الطاقة النشاط العالي، فلقد تغير أيضاَ حيث أن جيلنا الحالي يعاني كثيراَ من جراء داء الجلوس مشاهدة التلفاز ليلاَ، التنقل من وإلى العمل، وألعاب الفيديو المذهلة، والأرصفة المتحركة والكثير منا الآن يعمل في وظائف معرفية فثقافتنا تدفعنا نحو الأزرار السهلة بدلاَ من جعل يومنا صعباَ أما في الطرف الآخر الآخر من المعادلة أعتقد أنه من الضروري أن لا نغفل عن روعة الطعام فالطعام يجمع العوائل، ويبني العلاقات، ويمدنا بالصحة حسناَ فلنبدأ بأكثر سؤال يردني حول الأكل ما هي أفضل حمية لخسارة الوزن؟ أنا لا أستغرب حيرة الناس فبينما تشاهد هذا المقطع فعلى الأرجح أن هنالك نافذة منبثقة تتكلم عن صناعة الحمية مثل حمية الديتوكس أو نظام سوبر فود الغذائي ناهيك عن أن مشاهير هوليوود بدأوا باتباع نظام معين وليس هنالك بحث يدل على أن هنالك نظاما غذائيا تجارياَ يعد هو الأفضل والشيء الوحيد الذي من الممكن أن يضمن نجاح سير النظام هو مدى الإلتزام بكل تبعات النظام الذي تختاره ولكي نعيد صياغة ما أوردنا فإن مجتمعنا لا يزال يتمرجح ما بين حمية وحمية بحثاَ عن تركيبة سحرية ولكن السر لا يكمن في التركيبة إنما في النسق بدلا من اتباع نظام غذائي معين بحذافيره يخبرنا العلم أن نختار الحمية التي نحب أكثر من غيرها بحيث أننا سنتقيدبها فعلاَ في 2015 كانت أبحاث مؤسسة كوكرين الطبية تبحث في لعوامل التي من شأنها أن تتسبب في نجاح الحميات التجارية ولم تكن التقليل من الكربوهيدرات أو الدهون لكن كانت في التنظيم والدعم المعنوي الشخصي الحميات الغذائية هي مجرد قواعد في الأكل ولا تؤثر على نسقنا الغذائي و كما يدعوها الاقتصاديون جهاز الالتزام مع إدراك الناس أن ما يفعلونه تحسين قدرتهم في التحكم بمستقبلهم غير منطقي ويعد اندفاعاَ فحسب فبدلاَ من البقاء على وضع الطيار الآلي فإن الحمية تنبهك من خلال النسق الغذائي بإتجاه خيارات محددة في الأكل وفي الغالب تقلل من الافراط في الأكل كل الأنظمة الغذائية التجارية تمتلك تركيبتها السحرية وهو ما نسميه بالمغذيات(ماكرونيوترينتس) فمثلاََ كاربوهيدرات أقل، وبروتين أكثر، ودهون وسكر أقل وهكذا وعادة ما تكون لديهم أسباب لتعليل طريقتهم مثلاَ يمكنك أن تأكل مثل كرجل الكهف أو استخدام نظام التسجيل أو المعلبات أو حتى متابعة أطباء مشهورين في هذا المجال أو حتى غير ذلك و الرسالتان اللتان أود توجيههما بشأن المغذيات هما واحد...أظن بأننا نبذل الكثير من الوقت والجهد,ونحن نركز عليها واثنان...تظل المسألة مسألة نوعية وليست كمية كاربوهيدرات أقل...حسناَ الكاربوهيدرات يمكن أن تكون صحية في صيغها المعقدة فواكه، وخضروات، وبقوليات، والحبوب الكاملة وليست صحية جداَ في صيغها البسيطة مثل السكر المصفى والنشا المعالج ولكن يجب نكون منصفين لكاربوهيدرات لها مذاق هائل ومجتمعنا عادة ما يميل إلى تناولها بكثرة لذلك فإن الناس الذي يقللون مقدار ما يتناولونه يومياَ تميل أجسامهم بأن تخسر بعض الوزن إلا أنه عندما ندرس نتائج فقدان الوزن النسبية في بحث منهجي في عام 2014 للدكتور سيليست ناود وزملائه لاحظوا فيه العلاقة ما بين الوزن ومؤشرات القلب والأوعية الدموية على الأناس الذين يتبعون الحمية قليلة الكاربوهيدرات ولقد استمرت لمدة سنتين وكانت المحصلة أنه ليس هنالك فرق مقارنة مع حمية تقليل الوزن المعتدلة ولكن ماذا عن حمية تقليل السكريات حسناََ إذا كنت سأصف كلمة السكر بكلمة واحدة فقط فستكون "مخادع" فالكثير والكثير من السكريات قد وجدت طريقها إلى أنظمتنا الغذائية اليومية حيث أن الكثير من المشروبات تحتوي على ما لا يقل عن 8 ملاعق من السكر فمتوسط ما يتناوله الفرد الأمريكي من السكر هو 20 ملعقة شاي وأغلب هولاء الأشخاص هم المراهقون وأقل في كندا وهذه الأطعمة حلوة فعلاَ ولكن الوضع يتشابه مع الأطعمة التي نظنها صحية مثل حبوب الإفطار وألواح الجرانولا (الشوفان المحلى) وعصائر الفواكه عندما تساهم الزيادة في السكر في ارتفاع السعرات الحراية فهنا يمكن أن نقول بأن هنالك مشكلة وهو إنذار حقيقي فعندما أفحص مريضا َتظهر لديه مقدمات وأعراض مرض السكري أول ما يقومون به هو إسقاط السكر من نظامهم الغذائي إلا أنه إذا نظرنا لتجارب الوقاية من السكري فإن القليل منها تشير إلى أهمية التقليل من السكر بينما الأغلب تشدد على أهمية النسق الصحي وأن يكون الفرد نشيطاَ لنصف ساعة يومياَ لنقل أن 5-7% من الوزن يقل عند التقليل من تناول الدهون المشبعة وزيادة الطعام الذي يحتوي على الألياف وهو ما يقلل من نسبة الإصابة بالسكري بنسبة %58 ماذا عن الأطعمة قليلة الدسم؟ حسنا... أظن بأن القصة المأثورة قد تغيرت عن الدهون من أن كل الدهون مضرة إلى أن الموضوع يتعلق بالاستمرارية فلديك أمثلة من الأطعمة على الدهون الغير مشبعة الوجبات السريعة المقلية والكثير من الأغذية المعلبة ولكن ليست مفيدة ويجب أن نقلل من استهلاكنا لها ثم يوجد لدينا الدهون المشبعة وغالباَ ما تكون في الألبان واللحوم الحمراء والنباتات الزيتية مثل جوز الهند أو النخيل ويمكن القول بأنها ليست جيدة عند الإكثار منها ولكن جيدة عند الاعتدال فيها ثم هنالك الدهون الأحادية الغير مشبعة أو (موفا) حمية البحر المتوسط والتي سأشرحها بعد ثوان تعتمد بشكل كبير على الموفا فالأفوكادو، وحبوب المكسرات، وزيت الزيتون، الشوكولاتة الداكنة وهو ما يعطي فوائد صحية وأخيراَ لدينا (بوفا)، أو الدهون المتعددة الغير مشبعة وهي تعد أكبر جزء في سلسلة الدهون وتوجد في الأسماك الغنية بالزيوت والتجارب الماضية تظهر بأن هنالك تراجعاَ في المؤشرات المتعلقة بالقلب بينما التجارب الأحدث ليست متفائلة كثيراَ حيث أن التحاليل تشير أنه لاتزال لا توجد مضار وهناك فوائد بسيطة لذلك فإن ما اقترحه هو تناول وجبتين في الأسبوع من البوفا يبدو بأن الناس يؤدون أفضل عندما يستبدلون الدهون المشبعة بدهون الموفا و البوفا حسناَ ماذا عن الحميات ذات البروتين العالي مرة أخرى...المسألة تعتمد على النوعية أكثر من الكمية فالبروتين يأتي في علب مختلفة بتأثيرات مختلفة على الصحة فمقارنة لحم كثير الملح مع شريحة سمك سلمون أو العدس أو حتى حفنة من اللوز أكثر المعلومات تشير أنه إذا تناولت البروتين الصحي اللحوم البيضاء وأنواع المكسرات والأسماك فسيكون عطاؤك أكثر ولاسيما إذا ما توزعت على اليوم كامل وخصوصا في وجبة الإفطار هنالك أيضا بعض الحميات التي تكون نتائجها جيدة على الناس الذين يعانون من أمراض فعلي سبيل المثال حمية الداش تخفض ما بين 5-11ملم من الزئبق أو انخفاض نسبة السكر في الدم في مؤشر النظام الغذائي يخفض (آي ون سي) وهو مقياس السكر في الدم مع مرور الوقت في الأشخاص الذين يعانون من مرض السكري بنسبة 0.5% الكثير من المرضى يعانون من ارتفاع في نسبة الكولسترول وقد قام مؤخراَ د.ديفيد جنكينس وزملائه في جامعة تورنتو بإظهار أنه يمكنهم خفض نسبة الكولسترول بنسبة 35% باتباعهم لحمية البورتفوليو (قليلة الدهون المشبعة وكثيرة الألياف) وأغلب المعلومات عن النظرية النباتية جاءت من دراسات الأتراب أو ما تسمى بالتعرض أيضاَ والآن هنالك جلسات عشوائية تشير إلى أن يؤدون أفضل بها من الصعب أن لا تستنتج أن الحمية التي ترتكز على النباتات والطعام الغير معالج هي حمية ذكية وبالطبع فإن الكثير من الناس يقومون باختيار مميز وهي أن العبء يقل على كاهل كوكبنا كل ما زاد عدد الأشخاص النباتيين هنالك طريقة للتفكير بكل هذا وهي بالتعقيب على حمية البرازيل التوجيهية الغذائية وفيها قد حولوا توجههم من تمام التنوع في المغذيات إلى نظام أكثر تقبلا وإذا نظرنا للموضوع عن بعد نحن نفضل شراء الأطعمة المعالجة والمعلبة التي يمكن أكلها في أي مكان ويمكن أن يكون الطعام صحياَ أكثر ويقوي العلاقات بين الأفراد عن طريق إعداد الوجبات بين أفراد العائلة والأصدقاء حسناَ، إذا ليس هنالك تركيبة سحرية أو حمية مطلقة الفعالية؟ فالإجابة هي نعم لأنني أرى بأن الحمية متعلقة بالثقافة أكثر من غيرها وكذلك العادات البسيطة فالحمية لا تركز على خسارة الوزن ولكنها تركز على المحصلات الصحية مثل التقليل من ظهور مرض السرطان وأمراض القلب، والأمراض العقلية، وزيادة العمر المتوقع و استناداَ للأدلة فإن أفضل حمية هي حمية البحر المتوسط فبدلاَ من اتباع قواعد في الأكل ،والالتزام بثوابت في الغذاء الأمر يتعلق أكثر بالاعتدال في تناول لحوم أقل، وخضراوات أكثر، وفواكه في التحلية وهذا النوع معني أكثر بأقسام الخضراوات والفواكه في المحلات أو البقالات التي تبيع منتجات جزر البحر المتوسط يطلق عليها اسم حمية البحر المتوسط ولكنها في الحقيقة أسلوب حياة ففي تلك المنطقة يكون الأفراد كثيري النشاط، وتكون وجباتهم معتدلة ويحظون بدعم اجتماعي جيد فيما بينهم إذاَ فلنكمل حديثنا عن التحول من الحميات الغذائية إلى السلوكيات الصحية وذلك بالنظر إلى المركز الوطني (إن دبليو سي أر) للتحكم بالوزن التي تؤثر على طريقة أكلنا حيث يقوم المركز بتوزيع استبيان سنوي على أكثر من 10000 شخص بحيث يكون عدد النساء أكثر من الرجال للأشخاص الذين خسروا بعض الوزن وحافظوا على ذلك لما يزيد عن سنة ومن غير المفاجئ أن 98% قد أجروا بعض التغييرات على ما يتناولون بينما قام 94% بزيادة النشاط والحركة في جداولهم ولكن لم تكن هنالك تركيبة واحدة فلقد قام الأغلب بحصر الأكل الذي يتناولونه بحساب السعرات الحرارية أما البقية فقد استمروا في أكلهم المعتاد ولكن قللوا الكميات فحسب 70%منهم يتناولون وجبة الإفطار الغالبية يشاهدون التلفاز لأقل من 10 ساعات ويأكلون ثلاث مرات فقط من خارج المنزل أسبوعياَ وبشكل عام فإن هولاء الناس يمارسون الأنشطة البدنية لأكثر من نصف ساعة يومياَ لأكثر من نصف ساعة يومياَ ويبلغ متوسط ما يمارسونه ساعةَ تقريباَ وفي الغالب تكون مشياَ وتقريباَ أجمع جميع من شارك في الاستبانة بأن خسارة الوزن ترفع مستويات الطاقة، وحركة الجسد،وتحسن المزاج وتزيد الثقة بالنفس، والصحة الجسدية الملاحظة الدورية خطوة بالغة في الأهمية خسارة الوزن أمر مهم ولكن الجزء الصعب هو في المحافظة على الوزن الجديد لما لا يقل عن 80% من أشخاص بيننا زن نفسك واستخدم هذه الطريقة كمنبه لك لخياراتك في تناول طعامك اليومي ومثال على ذلك أن 75% من الأشخاص الذين كانوا عينة في دراسة مركز التحكم الوزن يقيسون وزنهم أسبوعياَ بينما 36% منهم بشكل يومي وينظرون لمسألة الوقوف على الميزان على أنها محاكمة لإيقاف زيادة الوزن حيث أن الوقوف على الميزان يومياَ يخفض من احتمالية زيادة في الوزن بما متوسطه2.3 كغ أو 5 أرطال كذلك من الأمثلة على الملاحظات المنبّهة مذكرة الطعام حتى ولو كانت لأسبوع فقط وقد أصبحت أسهل اليوم مع وجود التطبيقات عادة يتجاهل المرضى التدوين فيها لأنهم يظنون الموضوع بسيط ولكن مشاهدة ما الذي أكلته قد يضاعف من خسارتك للوزن ولهذا فأنا أعتقد أن الوعي بهذه الأمور في متناول اليد فقد يكون ما تتناوله وقد يكون بقياسك لوزنك ولكن يجب علينا معرفة أن الحياة فوضوية أيضاَ ولكي نستمتع بها فإننا نحتاج للمرونة فببساطة أنت تشعر بأنك جيد إذا أكلت جيداَ ولهذا فأنا أحبذ فكرة البدء بتغييرات بسيطة أو ما أسميه بالقرصات أو ربما تغيير شي تفعله كثيرا فعلى سبيل المثال تناول الإفطار أو الوجبات الخفيفة أو المشروبات يمكنك مثلاَ أن تستبدل حبوب فطورك المعتادة ببعض دقيق الشوفان أو رقائق القمح أو حفنة من اللوز بدلاَ من كيس رقائق البطاطس أو ربما شرب الماء بدل ما تشربه من مشروبات ملوّنة أعلم أن هذا لا يبدو مغرياَ ولكن د.مايك أخصائي تغذية وقد يتمكن من شطب رطل من وزنك أسبوعياَ أو ربما أكثر كما أنه قد يجعلك تشعر بتحسن ومن منظور آخر، الإضافة بدلاَ من النقصان لذلك فإن د.شيري باجوتو وزملاؤها قاموا باختيار عينة عشوائية من الأفراد المعرضين للإصابة بمتلازمة الأيض ووزعوا إما على جمعية القلب الأمريكي للحمية أو في المقابل باتباع نصيحة سهلة وهي زيادة الألياف يومياَ بمقدار 30 جرام فمثلاَ امتطاء عربة نخالة القمح ثم زيارة مدينة الفوليات وأخذ بعض التوت كلتا المجموعتين خسرت وزناَ إلا أن مجموعة الجمعية خسرت وزناَ أكثر بفارق بسيط وكذلك فإن نتائج كلا المجموعتين انعكست بشكل إيجابي على وظائف الجهاز الدوري حسناَ يمكن القول أنني أحبذ فكرة إدراج الطعام الصحي بدلاَ من تطويق الأطعمة الأخرى أو إقصائها كما أنه هناك مصادر تشير أن الشعور بالتخمة أو الإحساس بالإمتلاء لا ينحصر فقط على السعرات الجرارية مكتسبة فالسعرات الحرارية المكتسبة من البروتينات والألياف تجعلنا نشعر أكثر امتلاءَ ومن زاوية أخرى فإن الدعم الاجتماعي بمقدوره أن يساعدنا في عادات أكلنا في دراسة أخرى لتقويم العادات الغذائية إما بمفردهم أو مع 3 أصدقاء فأكثر أو مع أفراد العائلة لدعمهم في تقويم العادات في 10 أشهر وفي المحصلة فإن النسبة كانت 24% للأفراد ثم أصبحت 66%بعد الحصول على دعم الأهل والأصدقاء وفي موضوع الدعم فإن تواصلك مع أخصائي تغذية حتى ولو كان عن طريق الإنترنت من شأنه أن يساعد لأنهم يمتلكون ما يعرف بالجينيس بار لأكلك والحيوية هي الأخرى نقطة مهمة في سياق الأكل والتغذية حيث تشير الأبحاث إلى أن الأشخاص النشيطين وإن كانوا يعانون من السمنة يعيشون أطول من الأشخاص الهزيلين كثيري الجلوس لذلك فإن مرضاي يخبرونني بأنهم نشيطين ولكن هذا لم يكن ناجحاَ في خسارة الوزن حينها أهز كتفي ثم أقول في الحقيقة نجحتم فأنتم نشيطون سحب السعرات الحرارية من خلال حمية معينة ولكن أظن أنه من المهم أن نعرف أن الدراسة تظهر أن الأشخاص الذين يمارسون الرياضة هم أكثر نجاحاَ من غيرهم يمتلكون قدرة أكبر في تثبيت وزنهم آخر نقطتين أود تناولهما في موضوع التغذية الصحية تركزان على الأداء المتواصل، والسلوك بما أنه من الصعب الالتزام بالحميات القاسية فالكثيرون يحوّلون تركيزهم من الفرد نفسه إلى ما يحيط بالفرد فتغيير البيئة المحيطة بنا من شأنه أن يجعل اختياراتنا صحيحة يوماّ بعد يوم ونسمي هذا الفعل بهندسة اتخاذ القرارات وهو يضم نوعين مما أسميه بالوكزة التوعوية أولاَ يجب إدراك حقيقة هي أن عالمنا مليء بمستقطبات الطعام الغير صحي و الأكل المفرط الأنواع الجذابة على طاولة المحاسب في المتاجر بأحجام الهائلة لتسويقها وكما أشار د. براين وانسينك أن أكثرنا لا يفرط في الأكل بدافع الجوع ثانياّ ما الأشياء التي تنبهك أنت شخصياَ؟ نحن كائنات روتينية حيث أننا نميل إلى فعل العادات نفسها في كل أسبوع وكل منا يمتلك عادات معينة وأكل محدد مثلا المعحنات على طاولة المحاسبة في مقاهي القهوة أو ربما وقت معين مثل الساعة 11 أو 3 أو 10 الإجهاد المتوقع وكما ذكر وينكينسون بأن الخيار هنا هو إعادة هيكلة الأفعال الصغيرة التي تغير عقلية الشخص من اللامبالاة بفرط الأكل إلى اللامبالاة بأن طعامه أصبح أفضل ربما عن طريق إعادة تصميم مطبخك فعندما تترك بسكويتاّ على الرف ففي الغالب لن يلبث طويلاَ فكذلك الأمر ذاته لو وضعت الفواكه أو بعض الخضراوات على الرف كذلك اقتناء أكواب وأواني أصغر من السابقة والتقليل من عدد الأواني الكبيرة وأيضاَ عدم الأكل من الكيس مباشرة منبه بسيط للامبالاة في الأكل إعادة هيكلة الأفعال تفترض معرفة الذات فإذا كنت مثلاَ من القوارض الليلية أو كنت ممن يأكلون بعاطفة فأنا مثلاَ أرعى كل شي طعام أمامي لذلك يجب أن تكون تغييراتي عند التسوق أعلم أنه ينبغي علي أن أقطع الفواكه بنفسي ولكن اللامبالاة بالطعام الصحي تكون حاضرة عندما أشتري الفواكه المقطعة مسبقاّ والأمر شبيه بأن أقول لمدخن لا تترك لك سيجارة في المنزل فأنا أيضاَ لا أترك حلوى الجيلاتين في المنزل لأنني لا أستطيع التوقف عن أكلها آخر الطرق المتبعة هي السلوك 80:20 حسناَ، هذا السلوك يفترض أن 80% من خياراتك في الأكل صحية وبقية ال20% ليست عالية السعرات وذلك لأنه يجب أن تمتع نفسك كأن تأكل قطعة من الشوكولاتة الداكنة أو وجبة من الخارج أو حتى قطعة كعك فنحن في هذا لوقت طويل لذلك يجب أن لا نبحث عن المثالية ولكن عن الاستمرارية وفي النهاية أرجو أنني قد جعلتك تفكر بشكل مختلف قليلاَ حول كيف يفترض بنا أن نأكل وبدلاَ من اتباع جداول الحمية الجاهزة تذكر أن ملف السلوكيات والتغييرات البسيطة بدلاَ من الكبيرة والطعام البسيط في مكوناته بدلاَ من كثير التنوع والمعالج وتناول العشاء في المنزل، وكذلك هو الحال مع الوعي الذاتي وقلل من اعتمادك على إرادتك واجعل المنبهات الأسبوعية هي ما تدفع بها اللامبالاة وتقربك للتغذية صحية أكثر وأخيراَ أود أن ألفت الانتباه أن نكون صحيين أياَ كان حجمنا فكثيراَ ما يصادفني أناس يريدون خسارة بعض وزنهم وذلك لأن السمنة تعد عامل مهماَ للكثير من الأمراض ولكن في الحقيقة أتمنى أن يكون مرضاي منتبهين لطبيعة أجسامهم وذلك لكي يكونوا أكثر انتباهاَ لطعامهم بحيث يتحركون أكثر وأن يحبوا أنفسهم أكثر وأن يبدأو بالتركيز أكثر على ما هو الأكل الصحي الذي يجب تناوله بدلاَ من التفكير فيما لا يجب أكله وسيكونون سعيدين بذلك ربما آن الوقت الآن لبدأ تجربتك لحياة صحية أكثر شكراَ على المتابعة

  Top Comments:
  1. @plantinfo8184: Hi all and great video! Behold everyone!::  
Mediterranean diet, according to me, where it matters if I'm right, is a good idea for kids. kids can do orange juice too at breakfast because they are constantly anabolic where an adult is aligned more for wear and tear or cortisol/adrenalin in the moorings rather than anabolic hormones right in the Morning. mornings, exercising or not, are for bodily wear and tear. the rest of the day is small high protein meals with vegetables at dinner with the meat and grains'.

Summary: an adult needs grains for breakfast for glycogen, where kids need muscle building nutrition or complex meal/s for breakfast. like the adult the rest of the day for both kids and adults is complex meals of meat and grains, or cheese, small protein meal, or 1/4 cup of milk all day, with vegetables and fruits after 2pm at least, ideally after 5pm. always small meals so a small bowl for portion control is suggested. grains -> small high protein meal -> complex meal is the general sequence.  everyone conducts life and is on their own trajectory for things. so most will have similar results for investigations no doubt,. this is where I'm a bit different.  I am i assume many time ahead with this. so more developed with the scances. My findings come from covering more material and the related development/s insights.  anyway take it from me or one 200 years in the future. the suggestions will be similar.

[this whole ~post is truthful and likely very accurate.  This is why people' on steroids can eat like a kid/kids nutrition. Fame and misleading people - is not how i get my kicks'. ]

so: stimulants in the day, antioxidants in the evening. AO's anytime of the day is fine for kids, not adults, adults need shift from wear and tear chemically to anabolic, where young people' can be anabolic all day  --this is partly why old chicks like young boys, younger people anyway.

plain English: You need wear and tear as an adult in the morning from grains mostly as a break-fast. then transition after at least 12pm to anabolic causing foods or higher protein foods always small meals after at least 12pm. dinner can be large and you want antioxidants at dinner time.  Ideally long story but: an adult wants no unsaturated plant oils in the diet - conflicts with protein digestion or meat. saturated fats with a condiment or gastrique is fine. early dinner is better than late wear for healthy weight 8pm is ideal. And, as people age the nutrition should shift to child nutrition, though' it's better to increase the protein for older people at BF and leave the Antioxidants as is or with the adult scenario or low AO's early int he day and more later.  peoples' cortisol levels increase naturally with age.  HB
  2. @mebahara: Tried every ‘healthy’ diet, still felt off… Healix AI actually showed me why my body rejects certain foods. Game changer. 💡
  3. @edgartokman4898: People who eat in 10 minutes often do so due to hurried lifestyles, high stress, or habit, eating before the brain registers satiety, which takes 20 minutes. Conversely, hour-long meals allow for mindful eating, better digestion, and social interaction, allowing the brain to recognize fullness.
  4. @NyagiloStanley: Stop guessing what’s right for your body. Healix AI tells you if your diet really works for your health profile. 🔬 #DataNotHype"
  5. @Gracewanjiku-o2i: Love the focus on balanced, real food choices." Anyone else over 35 and tired of generic diet advice? Healix AI is like a personal health GPS it finally makes sense of my blood sugar swings.🚀"
  6. @FarmanUllah-k2q: Tried every ‘healthy’ diet, still felt off… Healix AI actually showed me why my body rejects certain foods. Game changer
  7. @CarleeEmelia: My brain went from zero to genius in record time.
  8. @AmadeAfai-q7u: My brain went from buffering to lightning speed.
  9. @NjgJhgg: You turned a confusing topic into something exciting!
  10. @graciethecatlady: Wow, this was released 10 years ago yet the issues are the same today.
  11. @christianthechristian273: 8:07 Um... Calories in calories out looks pretty clear as the one solution.
  12. @Hase-420: organs and musclemeat from healthy animals. +some fruit if without pesticides
  13. @MitchellParsons-o2o2b: really love it
  14. @Soulpainter-v3r: Who would recommend ANY CEREAL these days......
  15. @arishmarycanada: ✨🎈💌😅🤣😂BEAUTIFUL!!👌💖🥂THANK YOU✨🎈
  16. @GodsWordDaily-r8r: 🌱 @rileypaigemc7018 – That quote is simple, yet profoundly transformative. 🥦
"Think about what is healthy to eat, instead of what not to eat.”
I couldn’t agree more — and at 71 years old, that one mindset shift has changed my entire relationship with food… and with life. 💭✨

You see, after more than 10 years as a trainer in the insurance and wellness space, I’ve seen how fear-driven rules like “cut this,” “don’t eat that,” “avoid everything you love” can paralyze people into doing nothing at all. But the moment we flip the switch from restriction to nourishment, something beautiful happens. 💚

🌿 Instead of obsessing over what to eliminate, I focus on adding colors to my plate.
🥑 Instead of fearing calories, I seek energy-rich foods that fuel my afternoon walks.
🍠 Instead of guilt, I choose gratitude — for every bite that brings me strength, clarity, and calm.

This small but powerful shift didn’t just change my diet… it reshaped my identity.
I’m no longer “someone trying to eat healthy.”
I am a healthy eater, by intention and by joy.

Thank you for planting that truth in so few words. It’s exactly the kind of mindset I wish I had embraced sooner — and now, it’s the kind I pass on to those I mentor.

Let’s keep leading with love, not lack. Because when you feed your body with care, you also feed your spirit. 💪❤
  17. @dogapz: Great video! Greetings from Mexico.
  18. @ShilpaSharma-go1xe: natural herb is very helpful ,it boost immunity naturally....maine planet ayurveda see mangwai thi
  19. @wuyifan9539: Mt takeaways: 1. Buy less supersized chips but one small bag at a time 2. Leave fruit in the counter instead of junk foods 3. Self knowledge is important, I’m a n emotional eater, so it would be helpful to reduce my mindless unhealthy eating if I leave fruit on the table instead of junk food 4. Single ingredient food over multi ingredient food and processed foods
  20. @BalancedLifeSolutions-y5c: The best diet is one that promotes balance, including a variety of whole foods like fruits, vegetables, lean proteins, and healthy fats, rather than strict elimination of food groups.

- 8 Eating Habits That Keep You Overweight: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Dr Kay and in this video I'm going to talk about eight eating habits that are keeping you overweight and as you watch this video you can check out how many of these apply to you the habits I'm talking about are ones that I see in my clients all the time now you may or may not know I run a weight loss clinic where I only see women over 40 my usual client is someone who's been on every diet under the sun they're so frustrated with their weight but they don't know what to do next so I help them to take control of their eating and weight once and for all and to do it in a natural way by changing their Rel relationship with food so a big part of my job is identifying the habits that are holding my clients back so let's count down the eight habits now number eight eating light if you're trying to manage your weight would it make more sense to eat heavy or to eat light of course it seems to make sense to eat light seems like a good habit but is it eating light often translates into things like skipping meals eating small meals and eating unsubstantial meals for example a green salad with no protein this might seem like a good idea but it often backfires for example imagine that you ate something light that was inadequate for lunch what happens around 400 p.m. is that you start feeling hungry so what do you do of course you snack and this snacking won't be regular snacking it will be snacking that is chasing the feeling of satisfaction and substantiality that you should have got from lunch in other words by eating light during meals you've made yourself more likely to lose control between meals it's like robbing Peter to pay Paul many people will interpret the success of snacking as a lack of willpower but it's just that you need to have a proper meal number seven having an unhelpful food environment imagine this scenario two people working at their desk in an office both are partial to chocolate one has no chocolate on their desk the other has a large box of chocolates on their desk who is going to end up eating more chocolate all things being equal it'll be the second person the chocolate is right there every time they see it which will be all the time they have a conversation with themselves should I have one no should I have one no should I have one I'll go on if you're surrounding yourself with tempting snacks you're making it much harder to lose weight as I say to clients keeping it out of sight keeps it out of your stomach number six wanting to lose weight quickly people who yo your diet often have the view of eating and weight loss that the quicker the better if they have to unpleasantly starve themselves it's okay for them as long as they can lose weight as quick as possible but what happens is that if you starve yourself to get quick results you might lose some weight but you're not going to stick to it for long and when you come off the diet you go back to normal eating and gain back the weight remember weight loss is only successful if it's longterm so this is very hard to accept for some but when it comes to weight loss it's not whether it's fast it's whether it lasts number five emotional eating many of my clients when they first come to see me talk about emotions driving their eating whether that be sadness anger boredom loneliness and mostly even if someone is aware of the problem they're not really sure how to deal with it this is because most diets or weight loss programs don't really talk about how to solve emotional eating their default advice is just don't do it in other words use your willpower to stop yourself emotional eating but this isn't helpful especially since when you're feeling low or upset is often the time when you'll have less willpower to be able to say don't eat it so instead of ignoring emotional eating or relying on Willpower you need a plan for how to deal with it when I work with a client there's three main things we do firstly we identify highrisk moments for emotional eating secondly we try and reduce the stress or reframe the event so it's not perceived distressful thirdly we find different it responses to stress instead of emotional eating replace it with a behavior that is more healthy and empowering the main point here is that dieting doesn't help emotional eating figuring out how to handle emotional eating helps emotional eating number four the two phases of life for many people who are overweight they have two phases of Life dieting and overeating if they're not dieting they're overeating if they're not overeating they're dieting and they just switch between these two phases of Life continuously sometimes for decades the way you overcome this is by introducing new sustainable habits that allow you to manage your weight that you can do Forever This stops the boom and bust of yo-yo dieting if your new habits help you to lose and maintain your weight you don't need to turn to dieting and you won't be overeating either to find out more about these new habits and how to introduce them into your life check out my free training the link is in the description below number three avoiding hunger so I've had many clients over the years who felt that the purpose of eating was to avoid hunger they felt like hunger was a terrible terrible sensation to be avoided at all costs so they were eating to prevent feeling this sensation for example I've had some clients who would eat a lot of food last thing before going to bed because they dreaded waking up hungry two things are usually at play here many of these people had been on horrible very low calorie diets where they felt hungry and miserable all the time and they never wanted to feel that again the other thing at play is the fear that feeling hunger would lead to a loss of control of eating but by falling into this trap of avoiding hunger their eating had become detached from their actual needs hunger is not the enemy it is your friend by connecting with your natural feelings of hunger and fullness your body becomes your ally helping you to manage your eating and weight and this all begins by realizing that it's okay to experience hunger you don't want to be hungry for hours and hours during the day like you might have been on some diets but it's okay to feel hungry half an hour or 1 hour before your next meal number two expecting Perfection a lot of people think that healthy eating or reaching their ideal weight involves eating perfectly that means never overeating never eating bad foods never messing up this sort of expectation of perfection actually backfires because Perfection is impossible and so any day that you do end up overeating you'll feel discouraged despondent you'll think I've messed it up and then you'll be more likely to binge or even worse to give up except that when it comes to eating you're never going to be perfect and that's not the point anyway accept that and be okay with it be gentle on yourself it's okay you don't need to be perfect to manage your eating and waight for the long term number one eating at the wrong time so what I've found over the years is that every client has an ideal eating pattern that is right for them just like some people and night owls and other people are early birds there's a right time to eat for you but you're not going to find it by just following generic one-size fits-all advice if someone says fast in the morning and you're usually hungry in the morning or someone else tells you to eat a big breakfast and you're not usually hungry in the morning this is not going to work what you want to do is to find the right eating Rhythm for you and I've seen this time and time again simply changing when you eat can dramatically change how much you eat that's it for now I hope you enjoyed this video if you're interested you can check out this video on why successful people sometimes struggle to lose weight

- 10 Simple Habits for a More Balanced Lifestyle: Kind: captions Language: en Ten simple habits to lose weight naturally. How many times year did you start a new diet? Does it really work? Weight loss doesn't have to be stressful or complicated. All you have to do is build simple habits to see the weight come off. Here are ten scientifically proven tips on how to achieve your dream body in almost no time. Number ten - use blue plates. One recent study has shown that the color blue decreases appetite. So try some changes like decorating your table with a blue tablecloth, blue napkins, blue plates, and glasses. This trick is called psychology of colors, and some colors actually stimulate your appetite. Blue will do the opposite for you. Number nine - be more optimistic. Every positive thought matters. The idea is to focus only on good thoughts and repeat your goals as if they were your mantra. For example, 'I lost half a pound! That's just great!' 'Slowly, but surely!' 'I can eat only the portion I took.' 'I can say NO to dessert.' Such optimistic phrases will help you achieve your goals very fast. Number eight - thirty minutes of exercise is enough. A healthy diet plan does help you lose weight, but it's critical to combine good nutrition with some physical exercise. Even lower risk activities, such as walking will be beneficial. Good news! Researchers at the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, have found that exercising for 30 minutes per day helps you lose 25% more weight than going for a full hour. Number seven - eat slowly and eat alone. In this fast-paced world, fast eating has become a bad habit. Ironically enough, it reduces the feeling of satiety and leads to overeating. When your brain registers that your stomach is full, you've already eaten much more than your body needs. When you're eating out, always choose the smallest portion. Take your time to read the menu. Even if it's a place where they sell hamburgers and other unhealthy food, choose the smallest portion: mini burger, junior popcorn, personal pizza, or light salad. According to recent studies, people who don't order their main dish can see everything on the table even if they're already full. Number six - avoid eating in front of your computer or TV. According to the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, food ads, especially junk food ads, increase our appetite and make us overeat. Also, when we eat in front of our computers or TV, we don't pay attention to our food. Therefore we are not aware of how much we've eaten. Instead, you can try eating in front of a mirror. You may say it's just ridiculous, but scientific facts assure that eating while looking at yourself in the mirror reduces the amount of food you eat to one-third. Also, did you know that eating alone is better than eating with a group of friends? It's proven that people who eat in the group eat more. You spend more time at the table, and you can't control how much you've eaten while talking. It doesn't mean you should eat alone all the time, but try to bring to the table only if you're going to eat, only your portion. Number five - don't overheat your house. According to research published in the journal Obesity Reviews, there's a link between reduced exposure to seasonal cold and increases in obesity in the UK, US, and other developed countries. When we're exposed to cold, our skeletal muscles contract to generate heat, burning extra calories in the process We also produce heat even in mildly cold conditions when we're not shivering. So when the whole house is heated, we no longer have to adjust different temperatures, and we burn less energy. Number four - reading food labels. The Nutrition Facts food labels can be very useful in helping you make healthy choices and lose weight. A study published in the Journal of Consumer Affairs suggests that people who read food labels on a regular basis are more likely to lose weight, especially women between the ages of 37 and 50. Number three - eat more yogurt and nuts. According to research conducted at the Harvard School of Public Health, eating yogurt and nuts is more effective in the long run for weight loss than eating fruits and vegetables. Also, Louisiana State University research shows that people to eat nuts every day are 25% less likely to be obese and 21% less likely have a wider waistline. You're probably thinking 'That's crazy! All kinds of nuts are full of fat and calories!' It's not correct. 'Nuts are rich and plant protein, dietary fiber, and healthy mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids,' explains Carol O'Neil, lead researcher and professor at Louisiana State University. 'Therefore, nuts are a satiating food that may help suppress appetite.' In addition to all the benefits, nuts will help you feel satiated: you'll eat less and lose weight more effectively. Number two - add hot peppers and spices in your diet. Consuming chilies and other hot peppers also helps to make the pounds fly off since they accelerate your metabolism. Also, cayenne pepper reduces appetite and burns calories faster, according to research from Purdue University. Number one - drink plenty of water. You should stay well hydrated every day. Make it a habit of drinking a glass of water in the morning on an empty stomach and a glass of water before going to sleep. This trick keeps your body hydrated, generates satiety, and speeds up your metabolism, all of which helps you lose weight. A clinical trial presented at a meeting of the American Chemical Society confirmed that drinking two glasses of water before eating helps a person to lose weight and fight obesity. Here's a bonus. A simple trick that will help you control your weight. If you're hungry, smell bananas. This may sound a little crazy, but smelling foods like apples, mint, or banana can fool your brain and make it believe that you're eating. A study involving 3,000 volunteers who smelled these foods when they were hungry found that their appetites decreased. And the results were soon reflected on the scales. Amazing, huh? So, what helps you stay in shape and control your weight? Share your thoughts in the comments below! Don't forget to hit the like button and click subscribe to stay on the bright side of life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @fact_tv67 [1 likes]: Nice video
  2. @YOUR_FAV_STARR: 1:05 and that’s where you lost me
  3. @C.DayDream: Do you know how i can get more weight?
  4. @connieheppner4746: Im only 12 and im already searching these up
  5. @RosethornTheWolf: As someone who loves spicy food, the peppers wouldn’t be a problem for me 🤣
  6. @gemmadichoso7394: thanks
  7. @JESUSistheWORDJn1: Sriracha Sauce or Tapatio count ?
  8. @willettewebb2067: DT you are so funny!I have hot flashes so I have a natural heating system also!
  9. @bangtang_bunnyy7864: Everyone: seeing the thumbnail and clicking to loose weight 
Me: Wait....Is it for people to loose weight...cause I see more difference in the weight machine.
  10. @jesskm9703: I can't smell
  11. @GoldennMoments: I'm losing so much weight it's crazy 😂😂
  12. @Sharuuuu09: Lol ........ I live in India........most of the houses in India only eat spicy food.....
  13. @sweetlin_: Even in  AC over sweat
  14. @itz_Joyx: Wow i my body gained weight Very nice 😊
  15. @janhvi..6316: 🙂the blue thig got me my chocolate bar has a blue wrapper
  16. @shivanichhabra1166: weight loos ke liye best herbal medicine guggul capsules from planet ayurveda maine bhi try kiya or mere ko kaffi weight loos hua hai
  17. @ireenawesome: How cool is that , and thanks for this because I eat to much
  18. @mimichu.4225: Now I eat like ten spoon of rice 2 time a day and I usually eat like 3 cup of rice 2 times a day before. I think the process would be slower cuz I still like eat two 2 times a day but I'm doing some exercise so I think I'm dieting healthy
  19. @sungjieun2998: Yeah talking about exercising... I did this and I couldn't move and that made me lay on the bed all day 😗
  20. @dani5379: You can't go on a diet when your family cooks delicious foods

- Conscious Eating Habits for Women Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en this is Milan of so natural your lifestyle and wellness consure and your personal chef I just wanted to be a part of this week this week is Women's Wellness week and I wanted to share a few perspectives with you women we all need to continually Empower ourselves we we need to um transform the way we think about about our health our wellness and our lifestyle so what happens when we need to do something for ourselves where our mind always go to our limiting beliefs right so I don't have time we should take and if you've been trying to do something over and over and over for yourself and it's not working out to your liking then that's when it's time to step back and ask for help so the the second reason I want do this video for women's well this week is because I really as I mentioned I really like to empower you with a different awareness a different way of being so I'm going to share a few points with you about conscious eating habits and you know when I was younger um my mother she would always say to me U chw your food times before I before I was swallowed and a lot of times it didn't make sense to me but when you really just reflect on what your body is doing your body is masticating the food so that your body uh can your so that your body can absorb it and get the nutrients that you need so always number one always be present and eat with a grateful heart because eating is a gift I remember when my grandmother was um going through hospice stage and she um came out of hospice after four months and she would just say to me you know after drinking water that tastes so good anything that she would eat she would said oh that tastes so good so she was eating but she was grateful to be eating because it is a privilege it is something to be recognized as a blessing Point number two enjoy the flavors of what you're eating and think about the textures um and think about the company that you're with really enjoy them like the French the French don't rush through food and eating and Company but they sit back and they enjoy um the the the camaraderie Point number three your brain and your stomach it um it need it takes about 20 minutes to register that you're full not full it takes 20 minutes to register that you're satiated so if you slow down when you're eating and you're chewing your food food 30 times that is allowing your brain to to pick up that you are satiated you're not remember you're not eating to get full you're not uh a dumb truck you're not trying to overload your body so you're just trying to be satiated as you eat Point number four drink water 30 minutes before you eat and 1 hour after you eats and the reason being is that you want to allow your body an opportunity to digest in for you instead of forcing your body to digest it on its own so that's it for today's tips of Women's Wellness week and right now and we have 90 days before January 1st so you can declare that 2016 is your year to empower yourself to feel better about yourself and to look good and present yourself the best you can do um for the next year and it's not necessarily always about weight loss I know I put a lot of emphasis on that but the emphasis is on getting healthy for the new year and getting healthy before the end of the year getting healthy before the end of this month so once you're healthy the weight comes off anyway but I want to be here to support you and to help you reach that goal um you're very busy and a lot of time is something that um you've often complained to me about so if time is not on your hands don't worry I'm here for you and I will push you and keep you motivated thank you thank you so much until our next session together stay beautiful and healthy

- 5 Daily Habits That Helped Me Lose 70 lbs & Keep it OFF | Daily Healthy Habits For Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en out one day for those [Music] toer hey everyone and welcome to my channel I'm Nikki and today's video I'm going to be going over five daily habits that I do that help me to maintain my weight loss if you enjoyed this video or find it helpful please go ahead and give it a like And subscribe to my channel and let's Jump Right In I just want to share five different things that I do every single day that have really helped me to stay on track with my weight loss I am back in weight loss mode but just in general with maintaining the weight loss that I started in April of 2020 so in April 2020 I hit my heaviest at 252 lb I felt really hopeless and I really wanted to make some changes to live a healthier lifestyle and to kind of get my life under control and that was when I joined Weight Watchers in April 2020 and lost 70 lbs that year I've been maintaining that loss since and just working on building more muscle and still burning more fat and those have just been my goals over the year and these are some of the things that I do every single day and have helped me to make the transformation that I've made but starting with tip number one is something that I share all the time on my channel and that is having a honey crisp apple every single day after dinner and it's very specific that I have a honey crisp apple you don't have to do that but in general when I eat a meal I crave something sweet after so whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner unless it's like a sweet meal so like if I'm having pancakes for breakfast then I usually don't want something sweet after but even if I'm having like eggs and toast or something I create cve something sweet right after especially after lunch and dinner and in the past my habit was to just go grab some candy I used to eat so much candy before I started my weight loss journey and I never even like had a second thought about it because it was just like a habit that I like wanted something sweet right after when I started my weight loss journey I knew that was something that I still like had like I hadn't just like dropped that habit completely and I realized that fruit kind of satisfies that sweet tooth for me so even if I still want a dessert after like I don't restrict dessert on my journey but even if I still want that after I'll have a fruit first to kind of fill me up a little more help me to get some Fiber in and reach more of my health goals and then I'll have the regular dessert after usually still a lower Point option that I've found because I've really tried to find just like healthier lower Point lower calorie or higher protein desserts so whether it's like a protein bar or brownie or a yogurt bowl or bowl of cereal or something sometimes I'll have something like that as dessert but I always have some type of fruit first so a lot of the times for lunch I'll just have grapes after my lunch that's become like my favorite fruit to have midday and it's just like a serving of grapes that I'll have on Weight Watchers grapes are zero points unless you are on the diabetic plan but for me they're technically zero so I still do the normal serving I don't like try to overdo it with fruit but I have fruit after my meal and then every single day after dinner I have an apple so even if we go out to eat or if we go to like an event or like a family get together or something right when I get home I still come have my Apple because it's just helped me so much to first of all satisfy that sweet tooth but also to get some fiber in I think it really does help with my digestion and it's just become a really good healthy habit that's helped me stick to my goals because then I don't overdo it like I said an apple kind of fills me up so I still want something sweet after if it's like a bite of chocolate sometimes I'll have like a skinny dipped peanut butter cup or something if it's something like that I can still have it but the Apple helps to kind of just like fill me up a little bit more and just take advantage of some zero point Foods get my fruit in which of course there's plenty of nutrients in an apple so that's beneficial as well and so that's just a habit that's really help me to stay on track with my journey healthy habit number two that I do every single day is the way that I build my meals so I build my meals around zero point Foods if you don't track with Weight Watchers zero point foods are lean meats chicken breast eggs vegetables fruit if you are not on the diabetic plan corn beans just a bunch of different foods like that are zero points on Weight Watchers and those are always what I start my meals with so I like to pick a protein usually when I'm making a meal I see like what protein I have in my fridge that I to use up whether it's like a ground turkey or chicken or even just like some pre-cooked pulled chicken or maybe like seafood that I thought like I always make sure to check what protein I have first and I kind of plan the meal around that and then whatever vegetables I have that I need to use up that are going to go bad so maybe I'll have green beans or sparus or something in the drawer that I need to use before it goes bad that's how I always time it and people ask me if I have a lot of food waste and I really try not to because I try to prioritize in order the foods that go bad and stuff so I will do a protein I'll get as many zero point Foods packed into the meal first to make it really filling and then I decide what kind of carb I'm having if it's going to be like a pasta rice bread if I'm going to add any cheese any sauce anything like that that are extra like point value Foods I'll add those in after and then that's kind of how I decide like how much I'll make that meal for point value but I always always always start with the zero point Foods I try to prioritize those and get those in first because it makes the meals way more filling and it kind of helps me to even just be creative to like think like okay I need to get a protein I need to get a vegetable so I have to like pick from what I have in the fridge and just build a meal out of that and that's usually how I make most of my meals even for breakfast when I go in the fridge I see do I have chicken sausage bacon Canadian bacon ham like what do I have in there that I can use for my egg scramble do I have potatoes do I have cubed potato hash browns what veggies do I have a veggie mix do I have mushrooms that I can add in like I try to just build meals based on that I try to keep them simple and that's also where ingredient prep is really helpful which I can put the video down below where I talk about how I ingredient prep and what I do for that but having a veggie mix at all times to add to every single meal makes things so much easier to hit my vegetable goals for the day and make meals more filling with zero point Foods so that is something I always prioritize every single day there are definitely days where I just have like a quick throw together meal that maybe I'm not hitting all of my goals to get like a protein a vegetable all that in but I really do try my best to make that my focus when I make meals and it's really made it easier for me to make nourishing meals throughout the day it makes it really quick and easy it saves me a lot of time when it comes to like cooking and planning meals and stuff like that and that's just one of the ways that I've been able to stay on track with making healthier meals not always wanting to get takeout because that is something before I started my weight loss we were getting fast food and take out one to two times a day and it was just a habit that I was so used to it was so easy and breaking out of that habit was not easy to do it definitely took some time and figuring out what was going to work for me to actually be able to consistently make meals at home without overdoing and overwhelming myself so that's the best way I do that is just building meals around those things and having ingredients crap to make them and it's really helped me to stay on track okay daily habit number three that I do is some kind of movement every day so I get asked what my workout split is my main priority with working out and moving my body is definitely weightlifting because I want to prioritize building muscle I really enjoy weightlifting it's a good way to get my heart rate up and it's something I look forward to it's something that I've really become passionate about that's just become the exercise that I can really stay consistent with I usually lift weights 5 days a week and so I take rest days but on those rest days I'm not fully just like not moving I've really made it a priority especially in the past few months to get my steps in on those days and I've really noticed a difference especially with just like hitting my goals and being back in weight loss walking extra has really helped so it doesn't have to be any crazy movement but trying to get some type of movement in every single day has been so huge for me and when I talk about my weight loss journey I always mention that I focused on nutrition and tracking for the first three months I didn't work out one day for those first 3 months I didn't want to incorporate exercise because in the past I had always used exercise as a way to kind of like reward myself with food I would like earn food by working out and it was a really unhealthy mindset for me I thought if I went and ran a bunch I could come home and have a Sonic shake and it really did not balance out so that mindset is something that I had to get away from and making moving about just like feeling better getting stronger and not so much about like the eating and losing weight part of it keeping those things separate has really helped because it is still really beneficial it does help me burn more calories and get more Lean by going to the gym and walking and doing those things it definitely does change even how I look or like my weight loss I don't really have the mindset that that's why I'm doing it and I do it more to just live a longer healthier life get more muscle take care of my joints take care of my bones those types of things so that my future is easier for me that's what I think about when I prioritize movement but I do some type of movement every single day whether it be weightlifting walking rollerblading and there are also a lot of things that I try to do that are just fun activities and they don't feel like movement when I'm doing them or they don't feel like a workout when I'm doing them but a lot of the times they are even the other day we went to a pickle ball place and played and that was just something different that got us moving for an hour and we got a bunch of activity points on our Fitbit Adam and I each got like 100 activity points and it didn't even feel like it was like some intense workout it was just fun to go do that and we've done a lot of other things like that there's like this place called activate that's this fun like game room you kind of run around in we go sledding when we can we go ice skating just finding random ways to stay moving that don't feel like they're just like going and doing a bunch of burpees like finding fun ways to move so that I can incorporate movement every single day has really helped me to achieve my goals the next daily habit that really has helped me with maintaining my weight loss and just overall feeling better in general is prioritizing water intake which I feel like I mention in all of these videos every time I mention a tip video on how to lose weight or how to just like live a healthier Life water is so important and it sounds so easy but it really is something you have to think about you have to make an effort to prioritize and it will make a difference I really tried to set a goal for myself each day to drink four of these blender bottles these are 32 o so it is a good amount of water but with how active I am I do try to just prioritize a little bit extra but even in the beginning before I started working out and everything the first 3 months prioritizing water really did make a difference for me it made me feel better and it really made me realize how much I was drinking my calories because I would just drink all these other sugary drinks all day and not pay attention to how much water I was drinking and when I real realz how much I should be having versus the other drinks which I still have other drink options I like to have but right now I always prioritize water first and then I can have those things like there will be times where I just want a Coke Zero so bad but I have like half my water bottle left so I'll finish that first and then I'll get the Coke Zero I feel like just having an easy way to measure it that isn't even just like tracking it cuz sometimes that could even be tedious having to worry about like tracking your water throughout the day but just knowing like okay I need to fill this water bottle four times in a day and when I do that that's going to hit my water goal and I'll notice how much better I feel but just measuring it in that way is a little bit easier for me so I've just switched off like I've gone through a bunch of different types of water bottles and what's worked for me and like phases with them but this one has stuck the longest where I just get these blender bottles they only have a couple colors but the 32 o are my favorite and I just order them off Amazon and then I just fill them each day four times like I said and I just try to stay on track with that drinking my water so it's not always easy and I do forget and have to remind myself I've mentioned before that sometimes I'll like set a timer for myself to know when to drink water but I just always like to mention that because it's a daily habit that I do always make sure to make a priority but also it makes a difference and it's something that it sounds simple so even if you feel like you're struggling maybe just making that one little change could be helpful to you prioritizing water is huge and having a way to measure it in an easy way is definitely important and something that's made it more consistent and like sustainable for me and then the last habit that I do every single day that helps me to stay on track with my weight loss journey is parent ing habits together so it kind of goes with drinking water because that's one of the habits that I like to pair but when there's certain things that you just do every day that are habits of yours that you don't even like think about that have just like become a part of your routine so an example of a habit and one that I'm just using right now cuz we just talked about water is like I let the dogs out every single morning to go to the bathroom so why not just take my water bottle with me and drink it every single time I do that or even like when I come back inside have the water bottle ready to just drink it and pair those habits together because I know that I'm going to be letting them out every single day at the certain time that I let them out so if I just know that I have to drink water at that same time like I pair those two habits together it just helps me to accomplish more at once and I feel like I've just always kind of had that mindset when it came to like school and stuff I'd be like working on two things at once like I was always trying to like multitask but I realized that I could use it to my benefit when it came to like the healthy habits that keep me on track so another example is like if I'm sitting somewhere and I know I'm just going to like not be able to do something like I was just at the dentist in the waiting room and I already had a plan of what I was going to be eating that day so in my phone I just went ahead and pre-ra in Weight Watchers because I just knew that I was going to have a few extra seconds to do that so whenever I have just like spare time I try to kind of use that spare time and pair it with a quick healthy habit like tracking my food so if there's something that you do consistently every single day that's just like a normal habit that like you don't even think about and you can take one of those healthy habits that you're maybe struggling to stick with and pair it with them it can even be just like pairing extra steps with doing something that you do every day like finding something that maybe you're struggling to stick with or hit your goals with and pairing it with something that you already do mindlessly brushing your teeth or something it can maybe help you to actually stick with it and so that's something that I do every single day there's a few different ways that I do it and it just depends on the day but pairing habits together has really helped me to stick with these healthy changes and actually see results so that wraps up everything that we're going over today I just wanted to make this video to share what works best best for me everybody's different with their journey and it's important to find what is going to be sustainable for you to actually like stick with but I'm hoping that maybe hearing these things can give you some inspiration or maybe help you find ways to apply them to your everyday habits and things that you're trying to change I hope you guys enjoyed this video and found it helpful if you did please go ahead and give it a like And subscribe to my channel I really appreciate it thank you guys so much for watching and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @LintPopsicle [3 likes]: This is all great….. if you live alone, which you clearly do. Dieting with a husband and children is so hard.
  2. @joyfulhomemaker8053 [3 likes]: 10:27 the way you do your water tracking is how I trained myself to drink water. I grew up on soda and juice. I drink neither now but I used to gag on water… now I crave it and love it. I started out w a drinking vessel of a certain size and I told myself I’d drink X amount before lunch, X amount before I left work, and X amount before dinner. I gradually increased the amount and would treat myself in between goals
  3. @saintinlower48 [2 likes]: I need a pick me up to stay on track so watching videos like this helps me. Especially when I go backwards, like I did by regaining 4 of 5 pounds. The starting is the hardest. I know because I’ve lost the 30 pounds in 2020 and want to be lose again.
  4. @闇の真実-s8e [2 likes]: Swap that post-meal candy for an apple. Still sweet, way better for you.

Base your meals on low-cal, high-nutrient foods — think lean meats, seafood, and tons of veggies. Bonus tip: prep them in advance so there’s no excuse.

Move your body every day. Walk, dance, lift, play — just don’t sit around waiting for motivation.

Drink water. Like, actually enough water. Your body’s been asking.

Habit pairing is a cheat code. Drink water when you let the dog out. Walk while watching Netflix. Stack the good stuff together.
  5. @APD423 [2 likes]: These are all such great ideas!  Another easy idea is to do 5 squats every time you use the rest room.  If you're drinking your water,  these will add up! Good luck everyone.  👏
  6. @jessicasmith3259 [1 likes]: Water has been a struggle for me. Going to try getting a bottle that helps me meet that goal. Thank you for sharing your tips.
  7. @fai97003 [1 likes]: Thanks for all the details!! It makes you more real and helps us see ways through our own obstacles. And way to go on achieving and keeping up with your healthy goals!!
  8. @storytimewithnana5670 [1 likes]: You are my guru🎉😂
  9. @gotdirt66: If you’re drinking a gallon of  water every day, how many times are you  going to the bathroom ?
  10. @Skinnychelle48: I eat a small pink lady apple and drink a Topo Chico and I’m full.
  11. @Rose-d6h4l: I have to mention I love your energy. You don’t seem prideful or mean girl. You’re just so humble and helpful! God bless you!❤ I have been trying to find good people to watch but sometimes they just have that mean girl vibe. So happy I found your page ❤❤❤
  12. @Jenny-eg3uh: Thank you :D
  13. @susanstark9928: I'm so thrilled I found you. I've gone off plan completely and needed to hear your words of wisdom. Thanks for the kick I needed.
  14. @ElizabethMartin-e7z: ❤ new subscriber
  15. @robertakeogh8650: ❤❤❤
  16. @therealbrentrolland: Congratulations, Nikki—you look amazing! I was on WW over 12 years ago and lost 60 lbs. I didn’t maintain the program and gained over half of my weight back, but I workout twice a week and working on building muscle. It’s truly a journey and blessings on yours. Keep soaring!
  17. @johnnyd2693: I appreciate that you share that it can be a longer journey to get to that optimized level. Thank you for sharing your journey. Blessings.
  18. @joycedebolt5233: Girl!  You got serious knife skills!  Way to chop!
  19. @DustParticles618: Ugh. I have a very demanding desk job. I work 9 hours a day plus an hour commute...and I have fibromyalgia. Its so hard to find time to exercise, let alone feel good. By the time I get home I have to shower, make dinner, eat, and do the things I have to do like clean etc, plus two nights a week, I am also at church... The struggle is real...but Im trying.
  20. @WoolRevival: Nikki, You have learned so much about yourself and how to make good choices that create change. I’m 53 years old. The things that you’re talking about, took me most of my life to figure out. Funny, you mention letting the dogs out and drinking water. I take the dog out and do exercises( squats, lunges, jumping jacks etc) while waiting for the dog to go potty. Hahaha. Keep up the great work! Terrific video! Thanks you for sharing. Heidi

- Eat for Success & Create New Food Habits in 5 Easy Steps with Melissa Rapoport: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the savvy ladies Wednesday wisdom webinar I'm Maggie montanaro and I'm the marketing coordinator at savvy ladies i would like to remind everyone that if you have any questions during the webinar please type to type them into the chat box if you're joining us by phone you can email your question to info @ savvy ladies org today's presenter is Melissa Rappaport health counselor and food relationship expert she is the founder of Melissa rapport health counseling a results-oriented health coaching practice dedicated to transformational personal health and wellness melissa is an international best-selling author of cultivating joy and wisdom of midlife women Melissa combined her graduate work in developmental psychology with their education in health and coaching to create programs that result in lifetime change thank you for being with us Melissa and let's get started welcome so welcome to forget resolutions how to reach your ideal weight eat for success and create new food habits and five easy steps as Maggie mentioned my name is Melissa Rappaport and I call myself a food relationship transformer meaning I help people change their relationship with food with food for the rest of their rest of their lives and as Maggie mentioned one of the things that makes my approach so different instant and successful is that I utilize my masters in developmental psychology and apply it to my certification in nutrition and health to help my clients uncover and change long-held patterns and here's the good news it's not about willpower the answer is usually right under our nose so let's get started get your notes ready you want to have a paper and pen handy because we're going to create your 2016 food freedom blueprint and the first thing we're going to do is let's get present because change requires laser focus so I want you to put everything else aside including your work your cell phone even your thoughts I want you to be here right now and to do that we're going to start with a breathing exercise so close your eyes put your feet flat on the floor straighten your back put your hands on your thighs and take a deep breath in through your nose and out through your mouth a deep breath in through your nose and out through your mouth deep breath in and let it out and still with your eyes closed I want you to take your focus to the top of your head and do you have mind chatter or your thoughts still are you clenching your jaw do you have a headache moving down to the back of your neck and your shoulders are they tight or are you relaxed moving to your chest does it feel open or constricted are you able to breathe deeply or your breaths shallow moving down to your stomach what do you feel in your stomach and your joints how is your mood your emotions and your energy and do you feel that anywhere in your body so the first thing I want you to do is to write down what you observed doing that exercise what did you feel in your body and we're going to be coming back to this a little bit later so if you could take just a moment and write that down there's going to be a series of things to write down and i'm going to give you between 15 and 30 seconds depending on the exercise to to write great so moving on intentions I'm a big believer in intentions because creating intentions hones our focus and it keeps our goals front and center so my intention today is that you will walk away from this webinar with at least one aha and you will create your blueprint for food freedom in 2016 that actually begins today in creating your blueprint you will clear confusion and understand which foods are best for you understand that your energy and productivity are directly linked to your food choices begin to understand your personal emotional eating triggers and lastly learn at least one strategy that will transform the way that you think about food so I'm going to take a moment and write down what your intention is for this webinar what do you intend to take away and I'll give you a few moments to write that down perfect so step one of our blueprint is setting goals setting goals that work we're going to start with smart goals and smart goals are there specific they're measurable they're attainable they're realistic and their time bound so nearly ninety percent of all new year's resolutions fail and they fail because they're too vague and they don't have a plan so saying something like oh I'm going to lose weight my new year's resolution is to lose weight is doomed to fail but saying I'm going to lose five pounds by the end of February's this is likely to create success because it's specific it's measurable five pounds it's attainable for instance I didn't say oh I want to weigh 75 pounds the likelihood of me ever weighing 75 pounds hopefully will never ever happen and it's realistic five pounds is totally doable for me in just a couple of months and it's time bound it has a due date so this is really powerful way to set goals and what would make it even more powerful more robust is adding the how how to attain these goals and stick with me because we're going to get to that but first let's start with the blueprint action number one and that is to write down once Markel let's start with just one and it doesn't have to be about wait it could be anything it could be about eating more nutritiously or kicking a soda habit drinking more water reducing stress lowering blood pressure reducing sugar it could be anything that you want to attain in 2016 it just has to be specific measurable attainable realistic and time-bound so I'll give you a minute to write down your 2016 SMART goal great so let's go on to step number two let's talk about nutrition facts and fiction so myth number one calories in calories out we hear this all the time and it's not true not all calories are created the same your body will utilize a thousand calories of avocado for instance very differently than it will use the thousand calories of potato chips and without trying to convince you with science I'll use a real life example I had a client who went to Jenny Craig and she lost a certain amount of weight sticking to their diet and eating their boxed food and she was working out a lot her calories out far exceeded her calories in and yet she plateaued and when we started working together we removed the empty calorie food and we upped her caloric intake with foods like avocado and nuts and guess what she started losing weight again more calories more fat more food less weight because a calorie is not just a calorie myth number two low-calorie low-fat is nutritious low-fat low-calorie has been directly related to the rise of obesity and type 2 diabetes in this country a low-calorie low-fat diet is a high sugar nutrient deprived diet I can't say it enough we often focus on calories but proper nutrition is at least eighty percent of the battle myth number three I can never have another cookie achieving food freedom means that having a cookie or two or a brownie or ice cream or whatever it is that you love maybe it's something salty like potato chips just becomes another healthy choice it's no longer attached to shame or guilt or remorse and it's not followed by another six cookies number four I have to diet to lose weight nearly ninety percent of people who go on diets come off of diets and they gain all their we wait back and more because diets ultimately don't work it's not changing long long held patterns the last fifth is there's a secret formula there is no one way the exact foods that you should eat is highly individual for instance I have a client who loves beans which is a great source of protein and they're really high in fiber but I have another client who can't eat beans because it triggers IBS symptoms it's just a matter of finding your own special formula but through working with hundreds of people I have found a few universal truths number one is eat real food if it comes from the ground or it comes from something that eats from the earth you're good to go if it's in a package ask yourself has this been processed meaning has it been changed from its original form fruits vegetables nuts fish all good white bread pasta not so much number to focus on sugar and fiber when you knew read the nutrition panels stop reaching reading the calorie content first and in regards to sugar aim to eat less than 24 grams of added sugar a day the World Health Organization and the American Heart Association both say we should not consume more than 6 teaspoons of sugar a day and here's the math four grams of sugar equals 1 teaspoon so as a Sierra trail mix cliff bar you know those clif bars that are better marketed to be a healthy meal replacement has nearly 6 teaspoons of sugar and an 8-ounce glass of orange juice also has nearly 6 teaspoons of sugar both of those are an entire day's total allotment and regards to fiber aim to eat less sorry aim to eat at least 35 grams of fiber a day processed foods generally remove the fiber and replace it with salt and sugar to make it taste better but fiber is one of the keys to losing weight and maintaining a healthy digestive system and lastly eat regularly to maintain your energy your metabolism and your mood we skip meals we wait until we're really hungry and then we make unhealthy food choices sometimes we get so busy that we forget to eat in any of those cases set a timer to remind yourself particularly now during the holidays set a reminder so that you are eating regularly every three to four hours even if it's just a handful of nuts and a glass of water so step two in our blueprint action plan is to write down three actions that you can start doing right now and I'll go back to the previous slide so that you can use that to kind of jog some ideas awesome let's go on to step number three understanding emotional eating this is a big one for a lot of people so here's just the main character of new girl saying I like I I feel like I want to murder someone and also I want soft pretzels now of course I can't say it was the same humor she does and you might be giggling because this is a familiar feeling and these two feelings might seem like two distinct feelings but they are totally connected because cravings are our body's way of communicating it's like a siren going off telling us to pay attention so when you find yourself having a craving ask yourself okay what's going on here I mean really stop and ask yourself what is going on here identify what's going on and then ask yourself am i feeling thirsty that's the first one we very often when we are dehydrated it triggers hunger feelings because we can get we can get hydration from some of the foods that we eat but the first thing is to ask yourself if you're thirsty if you're thirsty have some water and even if you're not thirsty and it's one of these other triggers have a glass of water anyway because it will help take the edge off then ask yourself am i hungry and if you're hungry stop and eat some real food if you're neither of these ask yourself am I feeling tired lonely happy angry rewarded frustrated bored am i sad am I feeling pain sometimes when people have headaches they feed their headache am I social eating because I'm around other people who are eating am i drinking alcohol which lowers our inhibition so am i eating because I'm drinking alcohol am i eating out of association so for instance every single time I go to a movie and it doesn't matter I just ate dinner movie popcorn those two things go together for me so am i eating because in an association another common one is sitting on the sofa in front of the television and eating so am i eating by association and am i eating to fill time and there's dozens of others you might be thinking right now of some that pertain to you and that leads us to the next blueprint action step number three write down some of these reasons that resonate to you write down the reasons that you might be eating when you're not hungry and I'll go back to the previous slide so you can use that and then you can also add your own you perfect so this leads us on into our next step in step four is taking stock our weight is rarely an isolated event most often when we feel heavy in our bodies we're also feeling heavy in other areas of our life and I wrote some of those areas down finances career home our relationships that could be our friends that it could also be our family our romantic partner or our lack of a romantic partner our social life sometimes we feel deprived socially our spirituality and that's not necessarily religion that could be a meditation practice or it could be taking walks in nature but somehow connecting to that spiritual sense of ourselves community our creativity is our creativity getting activated our feelings of joy our education our overall health in addition to our mental health our self care are we taking care of ourselves and our level of fitness and on the left here you'll see the it's a current client it's her we love life and her entry point was her weight and her general health but you can also see that she's struggling with her social life and feelings of joy and creativity and her spirituality and her physical activity two months later by the way she reports being the happiest she's been in over ten years and I can tell you this from personal experience I went through a really hard time in my life where everything was falling apart my marriage my cafe business my finances my home and in one fell swoop it seemed like I lost everything when I woke up one morning with a really terrible pain in my chest and I thought I was having a heart attack and as a single mom of two girls I was really scared I thought what happens if you know if I am having a heart attack so I jumped in a cab and I went straight to the doctor and the doctor said your blood pressure is a hundred and eighty over 90 you're one step away from a stroke you absolutely must get your blood pressure down right away and for the next month I focused on my health I brought my high blood pressure down holistically and as I focused on on health the other areas of my life started to improve because I created a plan and stuck to it and the point being that everything is connected so if you think about it this way you have a bad day and you leave work and you yell at the cashier and then you go home and on your way home you stop and you pick up a bag of doughnuts and you eat the doughnuts or if you look at it the reverse way you eat a box of doughnuts and then you go to work and you yell at a co-worker either way it's all connected so blueprint action number four is I I ask you what do you crave in life and I'll go back a slide in case you need to see the categories but in addition to your health what areas of your life needs attention I'll give you a moment to write that down so that leads us to the bonus action and that's to pick two areas that you just wrote down and to write 2016 2016 smart goals for those particular areas and you can do this after the webinar but very often I have clients and they'll choose between three and five areas and and find that they end up being connected but I would encourage you to pick two areas and right smart goals for those areas so step number five is holiday mindset do you have a holiday mindset or a December ha mindset a holiday mindset says what's the use it's the holidays once january comes I'll be ready to roll and a December mindset says I am going to make this the best December ever because everything i do right now sets me up for january i'm sure you can hear the difference a holiday mindset creates shame guilt and anxiety and sets us up for failure and a december mindset sets us up for success and the great news is it's not too late to adopt a december mindset so for action number 5 our blueprint action number 5 we're going to bring it all together and we're going to define commit and take action so going back to your original SMART goal at the very first thing that we did we're now going to include the how you're going to achieve your goal so going back to the example that I first created my example was I will lose 5 pounds by februari I'm now going to add the hell and my how is by keeping an emotions checklist always asking myself is this nourishing my body and if the answer is no eat real food so when you put it all together it is I will lose 5 pounds by februari by and if the answer is no then eat real food so I'll give you a moment to refine your goal take your original goal and add the hell and I'll give you a moment to do that great so the next thing we're going to do is commit what do you commit to so we're going to add a commitment note to your action plan and actually sign it so an example from one of my clients is I commit to eating nourishing foods paying attention to my eating patterns and I will find a healthy alternative to my soda habit so what do you want to commit to for 2016 very often the SMART goal and the commitment work together so I want you to write down in first person I commit to it could be a sentence it can be a couple of sentences and then you're going to sign it and date it and now start by taking committed action put it in your calendar read your blueprint every morning and start today why wait you can make it your most nutritious December ever and set yourself up for success going into january and i can't tell you how powerful of a practice it is to read every morning what it is that you're trying to accomplish because what it does is it actually Prime's the brain so that we start to act in a way that creates the success that we want in those particular items and so congratulations you've completed your blueprint and I do have a gift and if you send me an email I have I will send you food freedom affirmations and it's a series of affirmations that are designed to prime the brain to change long-standing beliefs around food and body and it's also it's something that I recommend reading every morning and every evening my email is Melissa at Melissa Rapoport calm you can if you have any questions after the webinar you can feel free to reach out to me at the same address and if you visit my website Melissa Rapoport calm you'll find lots of original articles on food and nutrition mindset there's a quiz are you sabotaging your health if you take the quiz I'll send you a free personalized report you can find access to it on my homepage and the last thing just to bring into your awareness is that after the new year I'm launching a program 30 days of transformation I run this program only once a year and it's designed to Quick Start lasting change it's open to 15 people it always feels so there's no sales pressure here but if it's something that interests you you can email me and i'll send you the program announcement when it comes out it's limited and i guarantee success so thank you for listening in I really appreciate it and best wishes for a healthy inspired and joy and fill 2016 and I think we're going to be taking some questions great thanks Melissa I just want to remind everyone that if you have any questions you can type them into the chat box or you can send them through email and we had a question that came in which is can you give me a strategy for politely saying no to food I have a friend at work who loves to bake and brings brownies and cookies all the time I don't want to hurt her feelings absolutely and I think this really is about limits and boundaries and as women we tend to not want to hurt other people's feelings and so we put their feelings first even when that you know had kind of that voice in our heads are going this isn't good for us um I usually start by acknowledging the person and saying something like wow you work so hard on these thank you so much I would love to be able to accept them but right now I am I'm not allowed to eat sugar and I would I don't want to waste the cookie so if you could give them to someone else but I thank you so kindly for it because that way you're letting someone know that that you acknowledge them and that you thank them but you're also making it clear that it's not because you don't care for them or care about them but because there's a reason that you can't eat the cookies okay great and another question is I feel like I'm always hungry I try to eat healthy but maybe I'm doing it wrong are there certain foods that are known to keep you fuller longer well that's where fiber is one of the keys and a lot of people think that they're eating really healthy and they are overall we in the United States have so much hidden sugar in our foods that even I've you know worked with people in the past we've said no my diet is almost perfect and then when we start really looking at how much sugar they're eating there in shock and sugar activates the hunger sequence because what it does is it raises our insulin level and then an hour later usually about an hour later later as we start to crash it we start getting hungry again so I would say one you want to look at how much sugar you have in your diet really pay attention to those nutritional panels and to think fiber fiber and healthy protein and lots of fruits and vegetables and that should help manage that that level of hunger so that you don't feel quite so many dips okay thank you another question that came in is do you have some suggestions for sticking two goals during the holidays that are filled with parties focused on food yes that's a really great question these are all really great questions one of the thing about about holidays is is the food of course and an alcohol we tend to a little over indulge in both and a little over indulgence is fine it is the holidays after all but there's a few things that that I really try to do and then I I encourage my clients to do and a lot of it has to do with planning and that is we very often if we know we're going to a party we think ok I'm going to overindulge in the party so to compensate for that I'm not going to eat during the day or I'm going to eat less and that's a recipe for disaster so it's really important to eat nourishing foods throughout the day before you go to a party I usually encourage people to have a small meal before going to a party I have you really nourishing foods it could be a lean protein in a carbohydrate or it could be like yogurt with some nuts or avocado toast or something along that line you just want to make sure that the the bread has a good amount of fiber in it and have make sure you're hydrated before you go to the party another great way is to actually visualize yourself at the party so you see yourself going into the party and whether its food on a table or food being passed on trays before you ever get there visualize how you're going to interact with food and drink at the party do you see yourself putting nutritious things on your plate with maybe a little bit of unhealthy choice foods on your plate or do you see it keeping with things that you know you're going to regret the next day when you start to train your brain prime your brain we start to act a little more in accordance with what we visualize and it just takes a little bit of rehearsal so if you start doing that on a regular basis that will really help okay and do you have time for one more question sure okay it's what can I do when the people around me tempt me to abandon my goals because they don't live a healthy lifestyle that's another great question I think it depends it depends on the situation you know if these are if let's say for instance it's friends that you often go out for dinner with um I would question whether going out for dinner with if they're if they're constantly putting you up against your own goals are are those really good dinner partners very often what happens is we start to its more common rather than rather than emulating someone who's eating really really well its more common to start emulating someone who's not eating well so the the first thing is to question whether if if you're coming up with this same pattern with the same people time and time again and they're not respecting your goals find other ways to interact with them not around food maybe it's going for a walk or maybe it's going out for coffee that doesn't have a coffee house that doesn't have much food in it but find another way to socialize with them because the behavior is not going to stop and another way is to set the expectation in advance so for instance I have a friend who really loves fried foods fish and chips tempura wherever we go at something fried and is very often you know trying to encourage me to join her in those types of foods and so what i do now in advance is i will say i would love to have dinner with you but i just want you to know in advance that i am i am doing everything I can to achieve my goals and I'm going to be eating very specifically and I really need your help in making sure I reach my goals because when you enlist someone to help you then they're going to be a lot less inclined to sabotage you and some of our friendships and that goes back to the first point we do have some of us have friendships that are more like frenemies and it's about them it's not about you it's about them not achieving their goals it's about them not eating well and in order to make it more okay they sabotage the people that are around them so that's why I say kind of have to pick and choose the people that that you're going to have dinner with I hope that helps yes it does thank you okay well I think we're about out of time so we want to thank you again Melissa for a really wonderful presentation with a lot of great information thanks to everyone who joined us today and thank you again Melissa you're welcome happy holidays thank you but I bite

- Doctor explains INTERMITTENT FASTING for weight loss + METHODS and 10 FOODS TO EAT AND AVOID!: Kind: captions Language: en foreign we're going to discuss the role of intermittent fasting to facilitate weight loss including the science behind intermittent fasting how it works in practice side effects and tips for what you could eat and also foods to try and avoid now before we get into the main section of the video I do want to stress that I've designed this as a general educational resource it's not a clinical advice video and I'd strongly suggest that if you do have a medical condition such as diabetes and you're thinking about making changes to your diet you should first discuss this with your healthcare provider especially if you're taking medication so let's start off the video by discussing what intermittent fasting is well put quite simply intermittent fasting involves cycling between periods of fasting and eating and there are two main ways of doing this in practice and we'll discuss these in more detail later in the video These are essentially called the 5 2 or 16 8 diets we'll discuss the specific science behind intermittent fasting in the next section of the video but in a nutshell when only fast to use up stored energy by burning excess body fat and this results in weight loss so now that we have a basic understanding of what intermittent fasting is why don't we briefly look at the science behind intermittent fasting because I do think that it's worth trying to understand what the theory behind intermittent fasting is to try help us make sense of how this particular form of dieting does help us to lose weight so when we we take in more energy from food then can immediately be used by the body a hormone called insulin is produced when we eat which breaks down carbohydrates into glucose glucose can then be used by the cells for energy or it can be stored in the liver or muscle as glycogen when we need a quick source of energy or the body's not getting glucose from food the glycogen is released from the liver and broken down into glucose and sent into the bloodstream however there's limited storage space for glycogen and once stores are full the liver will turn excess glucose into fat now some of this fat will be stored in the liver or it will be exported to other fat deposits in the body now when you fast the insulin levels fall this signals the body to start burning stored energy and one of these stored energy sources that the body can use is glycogen in the liver and the body will use that first as it's most accessible after the glycogen has been used up the body will start to break down fat to get the energy that it needs if we start to burn the stores of energy such as the glycogen or fat then in theory we should lose weight so now we know a little bit more about the science behind intermittent fasting well what are the different methods for fasting well the two most well-known methods for intermittent fasting are the 5-2 diet this is where you normally eat for five days a week then eat only around 500 to 600 calories on the other two days the second option is time restricted eating where you have a long period in the day when you don't eat with the time restricted eating most people choose something called a 16 8 cycle this involves not eating for 16 hours of the day then having an eight hour eating window and generally this diet form is done daily or almost daily intermittent fasting can help you lose body fat as it works out to approximately a 25 total calorie deficit for the week however you do need to be mindful of the foods that you're eating in the FED state if you overeat or you're eating high calorie foods then you won't see the weight reduction that you're looking for so now we know a little bit more about the two main practical methods for intermittent fasting why don't we look at five foods that you might want to consider incorporating into your diet and also five foods to try and avoid so for the days and times that you're not fasting you're going to want to try and keep your diet in line with General Health eating guidelines and to help you with this I'm going to highlight some key food groups that you might want to consider so the first are whole grains these come onto your starchy carbohydrates and these will provide slow release of glucose into the bloodstream they're also an important source of fiber vitamins and minerals and examples of these are are oats whole grain bread whole grain pasta as well as brown rice now the second food group are lean meats and fish and these are important because they're packed full of protein and this is essential for the growth and repair of muscles and tissues the best kinds are lean meats such as skinless chicken and low-fat turkey white fish such as haddock or Cod are lean sources of protein and oily fish like salmon sardines tuna mackerel they're full of omega-3 fatty acids which are important for brain and heart health now the third food group to consider are dairy products which can be a rich source of calcium which is really important for bone health but you should try to choose low-fat varieties of dairy products things like skimmed milk and low-fat Greek yogurt fourth group are obviously fruits and vegetables these provide us with an important source of vitamins minerals as well as fiber and finally lentils beans and pulses are also good because they're low in fat and they're an important source of protein fiber as well as vitamins and minerals now those are the five food groups that I think you should try and incorporate into your diet but some people will ask well what food should I avoid well on an intermittent fasting diet foods that you should avoid are things like refined carbohydrates this means carbohydrates that have been highly processed and they contain little of the original grain and this is important because these foods are going to cause a rapid spike in your blood glucose levels and these are things like white flour white bread white rice white pasta many breakfast cereals they're usually packed full of unrefined sugars the next one is obviously sugar and this includes simple sugars like table sugar maple syrup but also foods that contain added sugar things like sugary drinks sweets chocolates ice creams and biscuits now the other food group to try and avoid are calm complex animal fats these are things like dripping and lard and these should be avoided on a low fat diet because they're high in saturated fat you should also try avoid too much red or processed meat so Meats like bacon and sausages these contain lots of saturated fats and try to stick to lean meats or try to cut any visible fats off if you're eating meat finally processed foods these are foods that have been altered in some way during preparation things like cakes pastries and biscuits as well as pies and convenience Foods they tend to be high in calories due to the amount of saturated fat as well as added sugar so what are the possible side effects of an intermittent fasting diet well some people might experience headaches and constipation but the risk of this can be minimized by making sure you're drinking plenty of fluids on the fasting days as well as eating plenty of vegetables and fruits again I do want to stress that if you're considering the intermittent fasting style of dieting then please consider this in the risk of your own personal health and medical conditions and if if you've got any questions or concerns before starting this diet then please do try to speak to a trained and registered dietitian or your doctor who will be able to advise you on the sustainability as well as suitability of this in relation to your own personal medical history so that brings us to the end of this video I hope you enjoyed it as well as learned something new and if you did please remember to consider liking the video leaving me a comment if you've got any other thoughts or you want to share your experiences with intermittent fasting both positive and negative and subscribe to the channel for weekly medical education videos if you've not done so already please also check out the references and resources that I've used to make this video These are going to be found in the description box and there's lots more useful information contained within these links finally I've got to stress this has been designed as an educational video it's not a clinical advice video the legal reasons please do read the full disclaimer in the description box as ever thank you for watching and until next time bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mintukhan2276 [1 likes]: This is so underrated 😮
  2. @SunShine-dk6rk [1 likes]: 30 Jan 2026,  My start weight is 87.1 kg I would like to slim down to 80kg ❤❤❤,

Best Wishes to everyone.
  3. @VitanexoHealth [1 likes]: Its amazing.
  4. @VitanexoHealth [1 likes]: It works.
  5. @Mauli_inspires [1 likes]: That’s great  I’ve also lost 50 kgs and in last 4 months lost 30 from them
  6. @sapnasapna811: https://youtu.be/mm9oeedJqsQ?si=yALATyhkAkvKT9c8
  7. @yourlocalpup2: I have heart problems & need to lose weight badly is fasting okay if I do that?
  8. @MarkSansone-p4w: Certainly outdated from current, and not so current research, in his suggestion to avoid saturated fats and to look for items such as dairy products that are low fat. Saturated fats are not easily absorbed into the body and many of the lower fat options have more unwanted side effects. Good talk though,  just could be made more current so giving more accurate info.
  9. @shamimaakhtershabnamofficial: Thank you so much Doctor.
  10. @rashu1996: In fasting hours shall I take menthys water and soked menthya sir
  11. @RameesaFarvin-n1u: My target weight 63 now iam 75😢😢😢😢
  12. @richrichtv2: I would act fast on weight loss
  13. @Robert-l3j7o: I've lost 35 pounds in 100 days and it's not been hard .. I only eat between 12 and 6 once you crack that it's easy....
  14. @itz_ayesha77: i am 15 i did this fasting in a day for 12 hours of no food only water and in the other 12 our i can limit my food like not eating alot of unhealthy food but i also have a cheat day on sunday where i do intermittent fasting but also give my self slice of pizza or burger or pasta on regular amounts also do light stretch and excercise
  15. @FaithNjeri-Her: Healix AI literally called out which foods make me tired after lunch. Accurate to the point I got scared
  16. @Aditya-j5b3t: मेटाबॉलिक हेल्थ के लिए Planet Ayurveda का Trim O Trim बहुत उपयोगी है।
  17. @Kumudunia: After watching this video and reading these comments ,I got motivated ❤
  18. @DamarisCherotich-m9t: I lose 10kg in 3 months is it ok ? be cause some use to scare me are you ok u have lose a lot of weight why
  19. @TenaciousDasher314: Yall need to stop villainizing zero sugar soda because I drink it while fasting and I remained in ketosis. It also doesn't spike blood glucose
  20. @RafiqAhmed-z3c: I started at 72kg.After 1month I will check.hopefully I can reach my target weight of 55kg soon .Inshallah

- 5 Keto/Low Carb Tips for The Over 50 Crowd from 2 Fit Docs: Kind: captions Language: en a ketogenic diet is a good diet for young and old and if you are over 50 like me and you you have some established beliefs that you're battling against you might have some metabolic debt that you that you've accumulated over the years of poor dieting and they make weight loss a little bit more challenging in this video we're going to share 5 keto tips for those of us over the age of 50 so going back decades right the war on fat started back in the 70s early 70s I was a teenager back then yeah I was not quite okay here we closed the food pre-read came out in the 90s early 90s yeah so we had decades of learning that fat was bad you know right yeah right so we grew up with all these misconceptions right we grew up the thinking being taught that fat eating fat makes you fat number one so everything with low fat or no fat we learned that sugar eating sugar was required for energy right whose energy like that pills so when I was when I was a kid and like the seven days I would take remember those Smarties yeah little roll like the little plastic wrapper yeah so I would take those out on our property and like put them in my pocket and then like use them as like pep pills oh yeah energy I would like pretend that they're like energy pills like super go well and I remember underdog had to Heather had a super energy yeah wonderful smarty it is ringing it could've been smarty yeah yeah you know and kind of from that you know we were also told that breakfast was absolutely without a doubt the most important meal a day and you needed to eat a lot of carbs of breakfast yeah right so what we yeah when I we're growing up cereal for sure cereal yeah french toast pancakes waffles I mean all that stuff and you know that and not healthy cereal you know quote-unquote well your cereal your favorite was what was that with the yeah Captain Crunch with crunch berries yeah yeah blue-blue cereal and yeah but you know so that brings us to our first tip and it is that you can skip breakfast and and it's actually ketogenic diet or low carb diet and skipping breakfast intermittent fasting really do go hand-in-hand and they really work well for a lot of people and we see that in our comments underneath but I think the question that we often have over the age of 50 as well as is this really healthy or am I kind of just doing this and losing weight by losing my health at the same time I had done a video if you don't know I have a second youtube channel it's similar things that we talked about but a much more low carb when that on that but anyway I did a video on on intermittent fasting over the age of 54 women is it helpful or harmful and in that video I talked about a study a review study that came out in 2016 and so it was a review study so it was looking and collating on all of the studies that were done on women's health intermittent fasting and aging and the what they found was overwhelmingly positive results from these you know women as we age losing belly fat because of intermittent fasting muscle and joint health improvement reduction in depression even some of the studies that they brought into this review study talked about the positive effect against cancer in showing that intermittent fasting might even close off some pathways to certain cancers yeah so there may be some supportive evidence therefore you know following a ketogenic diet in those cases so we talked about all those misconceptions that we grew up with right so now we know right it's that that eating fat does not make you fat eating sugar is what makes you fat make sure instantly go up right which kind of takes us right into our next two points first one you should add some fat and specifically we're kind of talking like like personally what we would do is with our non starchy vegetables the things that we we saute or whatever you know adding some butter or adding some avocado oil or coconut oil and getting those good healthy fats in there and then it it's good in a number of ways having those fats in with those vegetables helped your body absorb the fat soluble vitamins that are in those vegetables so yeah yeah and you know we bring this up as a point to say that it is important to add fat because that is such a hard hard thing for us and keith was talking about sauteing you know vegetables in fact well if you're eating a salad you know we had grew up with the low-fat salad dressings and what's in a low-fat salad dressing to make it palatable sugar right put-put full fat salad dressing on and you'll actually be able to pull more of the fat soluble vitamins and minerals out right so obviously we're talking some vegetables or carbohydrates right right so that kind of takes us to point three that we need to avoid refined carbohydrates and we're talking about you know anything that gets refined the trigger always come from a plant so the more refining the more further away it gets from its natural state in that plant so in a plant the trigger molecules are typically kind of locked into the fibers so when you're eating a whole plant you know vegetable it is not that sugar is not going to get into your system you know super fast like it does if you're taking a TSP of sugar right and spiking your insulin which is going to again lead to that that fat deposition you know where you don't want it to be going on yeah and and I think this is important because as keto diet as low carb dieting starts to really get ahold which is a wonderful thing but now we're starting to see some food manufacturers come up with keto friendly foods and and these are not in their whole state anymore they've been been assessed maybe throw in some fiber so they can bring down that net carb you know which we talk about often but we won't get into here no but but that's that's really the point that we're looking at eat eat your carbs in in a hole in a whole state and that parlays into our fourth tip which is cook at home more often you will know what's in your food more often and and I will say you know we certainly aren't against going out to eat in fact we're probably leaving to go in about 15 minutes to go out you are our standing lunch date right standing 25 years 20 every Wednesday we've been married for 26 years all right well we'll talk about that at lunch might be our last lunch but that you know the the advantages that you do know what's what's in your food now when we do go out to eat and and when you were losing your 80 pounds you were very religious about checking the restaurant online before we went and we're in really picking what you're going to eat right most and and you can't do this with like your local kind of mom-and-pop restaurants unfortunately you have no idea they don't have any idea really but you know most of the larger chains have all this nutritional information available for you online and the menus you can look this stuff up before you go and you know we talked about you know restaurants you know what do they do you know to make their food more palpable right yeah what are they in the business of making good food how do you make food more palatable sure one ways add sugar so that always that always makes me think of McDonald's french fries McDonald's french fries are like to die for right I mean everybody loved Donald because they put sugar in the in the salt mix that they drink alone you know it's like so it's got everything you need right yeah just like boom right in there we're into your brain yeah so you really do have to watch things that you would absolutely not think that they they would put sugar in they will put sugar in the restaurant and you you know certainly kind of eat out on keto but you might want to check online first and that brings us to our last tip which is mindset matters you know we have gotten a lot of things ingrained over the years but the reality is that as we get over the age of 50 our metabolisms do change they are not what they were yeah but so so are our thoughts and expectations have to you know just be adjusted we you know you can reach monumental health at this age but we do have to be smart about it and also on my other channel I had done just recently a video on losing weight over 60 and it was a really a great video because the members of my freedom health weight loss coaching program came together and and provided me with some answers to some questions so I asked people over the age of 60 and one of the things that I asked our members was now that you're over no this is over 60 but over 50 counts to what are the specific challenges that you face so that it was really telling you no one had said you know you you have to get past the mindset of well this is just how it is for me you know I'm I'm kind of too old to change and another another lady had a really interesting thing on eating fat she said that I really had to get past the the thought of of allowing myself to eat fat and not eat low-fat everything but that took you know reprogramming an entire lifetime of mindset it goes against everything that we were when we were taught growing up and for most of our adult lives actually yeah yeah so there you go those are those are five tips I know it's you know it's a lot to wrap your head around if you kind of struggle with some of these concepts know that you're not alone oh my goodness we have you know in our freedom health program there are there's so many people that are over the age 50 60 even 70s and Beyond and they are getting success it is never too late it is a wonderful wonderful thing so if you're looking for a place for some camaraderie will point you to the freedom health program alright right now do you have anything that you good I guess we're good all right we'll see you next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @cjcj6945 [9 likes]: You can have breakfast🥓🍳... just have it for lunch or dinner!!!👍😁
  2. @KetoCookbooksCorner [2 likes]: Thanks for sharing such valuable information!
  3. @littlecricket3140 [2 likes]: Good ole Cpt Crunch with crunch berries. Right on!
  4. @jimh3500 [1 likes]: I eat a lot of butter and olive oil. I really enjoy peppers and onions stir fried in coconut oil and I think it is an excellent little side dish with most of the protein and fat dishes I enjoy. 
Very nice, informative discussion here. Thank you 😎
  5. @hannah5245 [1 likes]: I’m 63. I switched fr low carbs, low fats, hi veggies only to figure my brain was screaming for fats!! I increased a little carbs because I was only 45 kg the same weight I was as a teenager!  I’m including grass fed butter, avocado oil (I don’t like the taste of the fruit tho), coconut oil, omega 3, nut/seed butters.  Sourdough bread only.  And including more salt . Sauerkraut. Coconut cider vinegar (a few times a week). All natural forms of vitamins.
  6. @FuseballistheDebil: I had the food pyramid in the mid 80s . Taught me dairy was vital. 😂
  7. @louisesimpson4966: Ok to skip breakfast
Add fat-oil,butter
Avoid refined carbs-sugar
Cook at home
Mindset matters
  8. @daisy3690: :thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc:
  9. @tinasavage674: I was a teenager in the seventies so I know where your coming from with learned eating habits . I've been 16/8 fasting for three months and only have lost 8 pounds I'm struggling with cutting out suger and coffee,tea ect without milk but have started counting carbs .it's crazy but I want the health benefits but I'm struggling to change my mindset .I'm not giving up and l know with practice and sensible changes I'll win
  10. @jpennturner: Hi,I am 75 and just been told I am prediabetic so I will be on ketogenic diet from now on!
  11. @deltyree55: Hope you 2 are doing good, I don't see any videos made in a couple years.
  12. @donnabyrd6368: crunch berries? yep then they made ooops. Thanks for all you information. It sure has helped me.
  13. @terryrafferty7559: The food industry killed my grandfather with margerine and crisco and my mother with lowfat and eating carbs six times a day. It really makes me very angry.
  14. @polderfischer8565: You are right! I had to throw everything overboard that i learned in my life about food and eating. Now - although i am cheating often - i lost 45 pounds and feel better.
Dont take seed oils!
  15. @shakengrain1942: Yes, keto is beneficial for post-menopausal women.  It is preventing endometrial hyperplasia (thickening of uterus with bleeding just like a period just when we thought all that stuff was over) from returning for me - the condition often becomes cancerous if left untreated. Progesterone decreases after menopause so the estrogen becomes dominant, so also taking maintenance/low-dose Provera (progesterone).  (Was on high dose Provera initially, until the lining shed, then I switched to keto and low-dose Provera).  Just had latest 6-month ultrasound to confirm the lining is still normal.  Thankful for my doctor and an alternative treatment because the "normal" treatment is a "D&C" surgery or hysterectomy.  It is all related and part of the female insulin resistance/estrogen dominance response along with PCOS/infertility from younger years.  I wish we understood back then what we know now about the full metabolic syndrome -- it is systemic.  My life would have been so much different if we had known all this sooner.
  16. @timwhalan6417: 👍🏻🥦👏
  17. @J-ZIM: cute doggy. Thx for the good tips on Keto
  18. @gerardbrown7879: your dog is a cutie. He/she favors mama , sorry Keith,lol
  19. @gerardbrown7879: Thank you both for sharing your journey with us. Keith I completely feel your pain. Unfortunately we are in the same boat with a messed up metabolism. But you inspire me to continue on improving my health. God bless you both for being so transparent and willing to give your testimony.
  20. @Handsoflight7766: Skip breakfast 3-5 days a week and when you do eat it a couple of eggs and spinach with avocado and cheese or bacon.  If that’s not enough skip 2 meals as it gives time to your body to use up your extra glucose and insulin.  Eating fatty fish a few times a week at least with butter or healthy (avocado, olive, coconut) oil, lots of greens everyday, I actually make egg and tuna or salmon cupcakes for breakfast at times, so many recipes online. Deglaze and Use cream for gravy in the pan you made your meat in.  No grain flours at all.

- The Ketogenic Diet for Beginners: How to Get Into Ketosis: Kind: captions Language: en so with protein it's really really important&nbsp; I just was on an interview for the resetter&nbsp;&nbsp; podcast with Dr. Ben Bickman who is&nbsp; a professor at byu and I asked him&nbsp;&nbsp; what the most important food is that we&nbsp; eat to make ourselves insulin sensitive&nbsp;&nbsp; and he said protein to a long fast one day your&nbsp; blood sugar going up and down we're in it together Dr. Mindy here and I'm calling all&nbsp; new beginners to keto to this video&nbsp;&nbsp; you are gonna love what I have to say so if you&nbsp; are new to my channel just hit the subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button and the notification bell and dive in I&nbsp; got over 900 videos here for you to teach you&nbsp;&nbsp; how to master fasting and how to master ketosis&nbsp; in this video, we're going to talk about food and&nbsp;&nbsp; how you can use certain foods to get you into&nbsp; a ketogenic state so I'm super happy you're here&nbsp;&nbsp; and let's dive in my biggest pet peeves about&nbsp; the ketogenic diet is that people think it's a&nbsp;&nbsp; high-fat diet you do not have to saturate your&nbsp; body with fat to get into ketosis you can use&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting which obviously I'm a fan of you can use&nbsp; fasting and you can use the foods I'm about to&nbsp;&nbsp; share with you and you can synergize those two&nbsp; together to be able to get yourself into ketosis&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm going to show you why and one thing before&nbsp; I dive into that that I want to help you see that&nbsp;&nbsp; has been a myth that has been perpetuated in the&nbsp; ketogenic movement is that so many people think&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet is about doing away with all&nbsp; carbs and upping all your fat and this is not true&nbsp;&nbsp; in fact even when I went to go pull this picture&nbsp; for you you can see that and part of why I use&nbsp;&nbsp; this picture is that this is one interpretation of&nbsp; the ketogenic diet that you would have should have&nbsp;&nbsp; mostly fat a little bit of protein a little bit of&nbsp; carbs I'm going to say no on that and I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; show you how i approach the ketogenic diet so&nbsp; that it can be effortless for you let's break&nbsp;&nbsp; each one of these macronutrients down so and as i&nbsp; do that I'm going to show you some of my favorite products that I eat on a regular basis&nbsp; that really help me get into a ketogenic state&nbsp;&nbsp; now also at the end of this video, I'm going&nbsp; to talk about once we dial in our food what&nbsp;&nbsp; can we do to pair that with fasting and how long&nbsp; should you be in a ketogenic state so I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; answer those two at the end so make sure you stay&nbsp; all the way through no doubt fats are our friends&nbsp;&nbsp; when we're trying to get into ketosis I'm not&nbsp; saying that I'm just saying you don't have to like&nbsp;&nbsp; gorge on fat you just want to make sure you're&nbsp; incorporating it into your diet on a regular&nbsp;&nbsp; basis in fact for me when I sit down I look at a&nbsp; meal it always has some fat in it it's I rarely&nbsp;&nbsp; eat a meal without some kind of fat and part of&nbsp; that is because it stabilizes your blood sugar&nbsp;&nbsp; when you're eating a high carbohydrate meal like&nbsp; the western diet is full of and the harmful fats&nbsp;&nbsp; what ends up happening is you get this huge&nbsp; spike in blood sugar and it gives you a crash&nbsp;&nbsp; when you take those harmful fats and those&nbsp; processed carbs out of the picture and you start&nbsp;&nbsp; implementing really good fats you're going to&nbsp; notice that your blood sugar stays stable this&nbsp;&nbsp; is really key for getting into ketosis it's also&nbsp; really key for killing hunger which that's kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; a thing when you're first learning how to fast and&nbsp; you're learning how to get into the to a ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; state let's get that hunger under control so&nbsp; here's how some of the fats I love and how I&nbsp;&nbsp; like to incorporate fats into my diet first one of&nbsp; my favorite fats and I think this is definitely a&nbsp;&nbsp; movement that is most people know about if you&nbsp; haven't gotten the memo I want to make sure you&nbsp;&nbsp; get it it's MCT oil so this is one put out by&nbsp; bulletproof this is one of our favorite brands&nbsp;&nbsp; it's called c8mct oil I will link leave all the&nbsp; links for these products in the notes for you all&nbsp;&nbsp; we have a lot of discounts on many of these and&nbsp; it'll make it easier for you to find so I do throw&nbsp;&nbsp; that as an option for you but here's what MCT oil&nbsp; does if you're new to the ketogenic experience&nbsp;&nbsp; MCT when we ingest it whether it's in coffee&nbsp; whether it's in tea is it'll go up to the brain&nbsp;&nbsp; and it kills hunger this is so key for being able&nbsp; to sustain a ketogenic state so personally I put&nbsp;&nbsp; it in my coffee sometimes in a fasted state&nbsp; many of you know I'm a fan of a fasted snack&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a whole nother video I will drizzle a&nbsp; little MCT oil over some nut butter and just&nbsp;&nbsp; eat it with a spoon knowing that that is going to&nbsp; help sustain my energy as I move through the day&nbsp;&nbsp; so MCT oil is a biggie other ones that I love are simple ones you guys can get&nbsp;&nbsp; avocados oh my gosh I have avocados in&nbsp; the bowl on my countertop in my kitchen almost&nbsp;&nbsp; every single day avocado to me is one of the most&nbsp; perfect fruits it's actually a fruit because it&nbsp;&nbsp; comes with its own skin you cut it in half you&nbsp; scoop it out it's like it's got its own bowl&nbsp;&nbsp; so avocados are great for stabilizing blood&nbsp; sugar and helping you get into ketosis deeper&nbsp;&nbsp; cold-pressed oils so when we look at oils not all&nbsp; oils are made alike so I call this a therapeutic&nbsp;&nbsp; oil where you drizzle this maybe on an avocado&nbsp; this is Andreas seed oils it tastes so good&nbsp;&nbsp; the five seal oil is actually one of my favorite&nbsp; and it tastes so good sometimes I'll just put it&nbsp;&nbsp; on a spoon and I'll just drink it when I know&nbsp; that I need my blood sugar to stay stable so i&nbsp;&nbsp; can stay in ketosis so seed oils are only compressed&nbsp; organic ones the only company that I recommend&nbsp;&nbsp; when it comes to seed oils is Andrea seed oils&nbsp; because we do have inflammatory seed oils that&nbsp;&nbsp; other companies are making this one is not&nbsp; inflammatory which is why i call it therapeutic&nbsp;&nbsp; okay the other thing nut butter, nut butters are&nbsp; your friend if you're not allergic there's so&nbsp;&nbsp; many good ones out there but this is what you're&nbsp; looking for you're looking for raw would be best&nbsp;&nbsp; that would be the best and you want to make sure&nbsp; you have all the right oils that would be great&nbsp;&nbsp; as well so nut butters avocados nuts seeds pumpkin&nbsp; seeds watermelon seeds those can be really good go&nbsp;&nbsp; to's when you're at that maybe three o'clock in&nbsp; the afternoon you're trying to stay in ketosis&nbsp;&nbsp; and you don't want to go into a carb rich meal&nbsp; yet so if you do some of those fats bone broth&nbsp;&nbsp; at three in the afternoon is fabulous it'll&nbsp; give you just enough umph that your energy&nbsp;&nbsp; goes up your hunger goes down but it won't kick&nbsp; you out of ketosis so there's fat okay protein&nbsp;&nbsp; so I know we've got vegans we've got carnivore&nbsp; lovers we've got the whole gamut here on my on&nbsp;&nbsp; my station so I'll just share with you some of my&nbsp; favorite eggs is my one of my absolute favorite&nbsp;&nbsp; and when we look at protein in our household&nbsp; we're always looking at diversity of protein&nbsp;&nbsp; so when we buy an egg we don't just always&nbsp; buy a chicken egg sometimes we do duck eggs&nbsp;&nbsp; we've actually done an ostrich egg before so we&nbsp; look at diversifying our protein I have a funny&nbsp;&nbsp; story I have a friend who's coming for dinner&nbsp; tonight and she was picking up some protein and&nbsp;&nbsp; she asked me what I wanted and she was going to&nbsp; a special butcher and I was like find out if they&nbsp;&nbsp; have elk find out if they have bison do they have&nbsp; goat these are not meats I normally eat so how can&nbsp;&nbsp; I look at diversification of meats there'll&nbsp; be different amino acids in it there'll be&nbsp;&nbsp; different collagen production in it with protein&nbsp; you're looking for diversity you're looking for&nbsp;&nbsp; clean so you don't want proteins that have been&nbsp; packed with antibiotics or growth hormone in it&nbsp;&nbsp; and you want to make sure you're not just eating&nbsp; the chicken chicken or or beef over and over and&nbsp;&nbsp; over again so make sure you're diversifying we&nbsp; also on this topic as you move into this ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; experience more I want to encourage you to look&nbsp; at adding in something like collagen powder really&nbsp;&nbsp; important for joints if you're a woman over 40&nbsp; as we go through menopause and estrogen goes down&nbsp;&nbsp; we have to lean into collagen more collagen powder&nbsp; more because our collagen production goes down so&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes I'll do a collagen protein like this&nbsp; is my favorite one by systemic formulas so with&nbsp;&nbsp; protein it's really really important I just was&nbsp; on an interview for the resetter podcast with Dr.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ben Bickman who is a professor at byu in his&nbsp; passion is insulin resistance and I asked him what&nbsp;&nbsp; the most important food is that we eat to make&nbsp; ourselves insulin sensitive and he said protein so&nbsp;&nbsp; you're gonna ditch the carbs if you're new to the&nbsp; ketogenic diet I want you to move into protein and&nbsp;&nbsp; eat more protein and lean into more of those fats&nbsp; and start combining the two of those together and&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to find being in ketosis will feel&nbsp; effortless third one carbs I'm gonna make this&nbsp;&nbsp; really easy if you can just look at a carb and ask&nbsp; yourself did man make this or did nature make this&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's the nature carbs the carbs that come&nbsp; out of the earth or they come off of trees or off&nbsp;&nbsp; of bushes those are going to have more fiber&nbsp; they're going to have their microbiomes going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be different because they've been touching&nbsp; our planet and they've been in dirt in the earth&nbsp;&nbsp; so we want to get rid of all of the cakes the&nbsp; pasta the breads the cookies or at least eat&nbsp;&nbsp; them in very minimal amount now here's something&nbsp; that's really important and it kind of encompasses&nbsp;&nbsp; all three of these is that there are a lot&nbsp; of keto products out there right now there's&nbsp;&nbsp; so many I was in the grocery store recently and&nbsp; I picked up some keto bread and it had like 30&nbsp;&nbsp; ingredients in it 25 which are toxin so we&nbsp; don't want to be leaning into toxic keto products&nbsp;&nbsp; when we comes to a carb lean into what nature&nbsp; provided for you some of the lower sugar carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; are going to be your berries so make sure you're&nbsp; eating plenty of berries women over 40 we need to&nbsp;&nbsp; have more greens so we can start to break down&nbsp; estrogen so make sure you're upping your greens&nbsp;&nbsp; when we look at a macronutrient allotment when&nbsp; it comes to carbohydrates for the ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; we talk about net carbs the reason we talk about&nbsp; net carbs is because we take the total carb&nbsp;&nbsp; minus the fiber and that gives us a net carb so&nbsp; this gets really exciting when we're looking to&nbsp;&nbsp; add carbs in but because there is so much fiber&nbsp; in it we can have more of it so you can have more&nbsp;&nbsp; of a green salad whereas if you choose to have a&nbsp; piece of bread you're only going to have to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit of it to stay in or eat into ketosis&nbsp; if you can even do that so nature's carbs clean&nbsp;&nbsp; proteins rich in collagen rich in amino amino&nbsp; acids and lean into the fats with every single&nbsp;&nbsp; meal definitely look at MCT oil as your new best&nbsp; friend but don't try to get obsessed with fat it's&nbsp;&nbsp; really that simple if you and I were standing in&nbsp; line at the grocery store and you asked me tell&nbsp;&nbsp; me in 10 minutes or less what foods I should&nbsp; be eating to thrive with the ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; this would be it I just gave it to you it's that&nbsp; simple we don't need to over complicate this so&nbsp;&nbsp; as always I hope that helps here's my here's my&nbsp; task for you right now what's your what's your&nbsp;&nbsp; favorite food let's share it in the comments&nbsp; what's your favorite food that keeps you in&nbsp;&nbsp; ketosis share it in the comments if you're new to&nbsp; my channel you may not know we're a community here&nbsp;&nbsp; so we love your comments I read your comments my&nbsp; team is there to support you through your comments&nbsp;&nbsp; and questions so please leave them in there and&nbsp; i can't wait to see what your favorite keto foods&nbsp;&nbsp; are and if you need more help with this that's&nbsp; what my reset academy is about so join us over&nbsp;&nbsp; in the reset academy if you want to take&nbsp; this information and really dial it in just&nbsp;&nbsp; put reset academy in your comments and my&nbsp; team will send you a link as always you're&nbsp;&nbsp; a flipping miracle your body is made to heal and&nbsp; the ketogenic diet will absolutely show you that

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarkOliver-p4i [16 likes]: At the beginning of the year I was 253 lbs+ I'm going on my 4th month not eating junk/fast food, seed oils, fried foods, no more sodas, processed/ultra foods etc. and now I'm 225 lbs. I'm really watching what I eat, if I don't make it, I won't eat it.
  2. @breezy8564 [1 likes]: Restarting keto. Fell off the keto wagon, so relearning the basics.
  3. @Kevin-pi7rb: Google Reports:
Melissa McCarthy and Valerie Bertinelli have been frequently targeted by fraudulent online advertising, often featuring fake "keto" or "metabolism" gummies and supplements on YouTube and Facebook. These ads falsely use their names and likenesses to suggest they used these supplements for dramatic weight loss, which is not true. 
The Scam Tactics
Fake Endorsements: The ads often use manipulated images or fake news articles to claim celebrities lost weight using specific gummy brands.
"Keto Gummies" Scams: These ads typically promote "Keto One Gummies" or similar products, which are often scams with fake customer testimonials.
Fake News Websites: Many ads lead to websites designed to look like legitimate news sites or gossip blogs. 
Real Weight Loss Stories
Melissa McCarthy: McCarthy has addressed her weight loss as being achieved through conventional lifestyle changes, such as improved diet, consistent routine, and mindful living, rather than pills or extreme, quick-fix diets. She has previously mentioned trying a doctor-supervised, all-liquid plan for a role, but her recent, sustained weight loss is due to lifestyle adjustments.
Valerie Bertinelli: Bertinelli has been transparent about her weight loss journey, focusing on a healthy relationship with food and shifting her perspective on eating, rather than using popular, trendy supplements. She has publicly stated she did not use Ozempic or other GLP-1 drugs. 
Conclusion
These YouTube and social media ads are deceptive. The products are likely not endorsed by the celebrities mentioned, and no reputable celebrity endorses the "magic pill" approach often advertised.
  4. @Yeshualovesme00: What butter but I can buy that’s is keto friendly what brands
  5. @stressdefeated: wow in ur other video u literally said the exact opposite - you said to only eat 50grams of protein and how protein raised insulin and all be careful and all this
  6. @JudithMongtomery: re-set academy
  7. @ReynWiilomsok: This is top-notch content all the way through!
  8. @NathanielScott-x8x: I love this video and am passing it on to some friends as well. I love a big salad w veggies, adding avocado, chia, hemp, flax and or pumpkin seeds and some leftover salmon, or any kind of meat sliced thin.  Add a few berries or fruit and it has a nice pizazz
  9. @Layla-Tails: I wish there was s cook book or an easy way to follow keto diet . Not diabetic but runs in my family and want to keep my AC1 level at a good level its 5.1 now
  10. @janahuff: Thanks, Dr. Mindy!  Do you know of any kosher collagen powder?  I keep kosher, so I would love it. I never saw it before.  Thank you.
  11. @ElizabethFister-n2t: Buttered eggs are my favorite!
  12. @tonyapurlee4599: Reset academy
  13. @RobertaBrown-u4c: Just for your info I suffer with Granulomatous disease and have granulomas in my liver.  I think one needs to check their liver health before consuming this.  Sorry if this has been addressed already. Better to share this. Obviously check for yourself xx
  14. @baileyatthewell: I use a coconut powder creamer in my coffee.
  15. @RachelWilliams-hn1fc: Who is the actress in the intro that says “we’re in it together?” She looks familiar!!
  16. @RachelWilliams-hn1fc: Who is the actress in the intro that says “we’re in it together?” She looks familiar!!
  17. @carrieloewenstein2040: MCT always makes me nauseous.  I’ve tried it several times.  Even in a smoothie 5:06
  18. @heatherlindsey1806: Can I eat 115g of protein (1g per ideal body weight) daily & stay in ketosis?
  19. @Align2026: New to keto. Disappointed  in video, I wanted to hear the macros she recommends.
  20. @Jana-sk3ct: I do ghee in my coffee, not MCT oil.
Is that oké?

- What I eat on Keto \\ 1 Week \\ Woman over 50: Kind: captions Language: en okay i'm trying to look all serious and i look like i'm a teletubby i started keto three months ago i've lost 15 pounds i'm 54 years old and i thought you guys would benefit from seeing what i've been eating for the past three months so i tracked everything i ate for one week so i'm gonna show you everything i'm gonna give you the macros and i will tell you i was not perfect by any stretch so let's get into it first off i only eat breakfast on saturdays and sundays every day during the week i work full time and so it's just easier for me to not eat breakfast and it's kind of my intermittent fasting i'm not technically doing if but it is my way of doing it so i wanted to let you know also it goes without saying so i'm not going to keep saying this every single morning i have a cup of coffee on the weekend i have it obviously at home but on the weekdays i bring a cup of coffee with me and i have it when i sit down at my desk i always have three tablespoons of heavy cream with my coffee and then i have another cup of coffee around lunch during the week and it's the same thing i have three tablespoons of heavy cream i also put in one scoop of collagen proteins into my coffee just assume every single day it'll be listed but i wanted to just say that so i don't have to keep saying it so we start off our week obviously on a sunday and so it is a sunday i am eating breakfast so the first thing i have is a chocolate avocado toast so if you don't know what a chocolate is it's basically a waffle made with cheese and i love these things i will put the recipe below it is from the channel keto twins and these are two girls who have lost a lot of weight doing keto and i really like their recipe for truffles my truffles are one gram of carbs for each one so on this day i had two truffles and i took a half of avocado and i smushed it on the top of it and then i sprinkled it with some feta cheese i used about a tablespoon and then i put on it everything but the bagel seasoning and i just sprinkle a little bit of lemon juice on top and that was my breakfast along with of course my delicious for lunch after church we went over to zoe's kitchen that is a fast food kind of mediterranean style restaurant near me it is a chain so you probably have it near you what i get is their cauliflower chicken bowl and it is made predominantly cauliflower rice and grilled chicken they add a little bit of feta cheese which i don't eat too much of they have cucumbers in it and a tzatziki sauce and then i asked for salsa verde on the side now because it is cauliflower there are carbs in it and so therefore it's a kind of a high carb meal but it's all from vegetables which is the kind that i'm okay having so i don't eat the whole thing so i put in eight grams of net carbs for this i also had my coffee but on this day i actually added this was the coffee after my lunch on this day i added a tablespoon of mct oil into my coffee so that's why it looks kind of oily there in between lunch and dinner my husband made up a batch of or made up fried up some bacon for a recipe he was trying so i nibbled on three of those which is high in calorie but zero carbs i also had a third cup of coffee on the weekend sometimes i do that and of course the three tablespoons of heavy cream so that was a lot of calories for dinner our family does a whole dinner on your own on a sunday night and i love chicken wings baked and that's kind of like my sunday night go-to meal so i just baked up a bunch of chicken wings and i had four of those with just some seasoning on it and that's it then i got a little bit of munchie i bought this granola at costco and it's called the granola bakery keto nut granola blueberry cinnamon it's it's that long that's crazy and i ate way too much of this i when i first bought it i was like i'll just have a third of a cup and that won't be so bad i think it's four grams for a third of a cup well i had a full cup of this so it was grams so i didn't very do very good on this first day of tracking but you can see on my macros there i was only two grams over in my carbs which to is okay but i was way over on my calories and that's the kind of thing that i'm trying to lower but you will see that my ratio there my pie chart is predominantly fat a bit of protein and very little carbs so i am happy with the ratios of things it's monday morning and it's time for me to go to work i got to work had my coffee and then lunch i had chili some leftover chili we had i don't do my chili with beans so it's just ground beef and i had i guess about a one and a quarter cup something like that i kind of estimated on this the hamburger has no carbs and then the tomato sauce that you put in it does have carbs it was three grams then i had some sour cream on top of it and then my coffee with the collagen for dinner i made up a recipe of keto tuscan soup i will link it below it was delicious but it is high in carbs only because it does have a lot of vegetables in it it has sun-dried tomatoes onions the sun-dried tomatoes i lowered to only a quarter cup so the recipe wasn't so high in carbs this was really good but i do think if i had it again i would just take out the sun-dried tomatoes because i think it would have been just fine without it i also sprinkled it with some parmesan cheese that's part of the and it was high in carbs but not horrible but very delicious so for a snack on the weekend i had made this yummy yummy recipe called crispy broccoli cheddar rounds again linked below so i had four of those those are one gram of carbs per round so i just they are so good you guys gotta try these so you can see my pie chart was great i was under in the carbs but i was over and everything else and you will see a little trend on that with me tuesday we went right directly to lunch and i had four of those crispy broccoli cheddar rounds again so that's four grams i had my leftover keto tuscan soup but i had a smaller amount i did have my coffee and that was it for my lunch for dinner that night we actually got chipotle it is one of my favorite places to go they have new cauliflower rice i don't like it already mixed in because i think it gets soggy so i always get my cauliflower rice on the side they do charge you more which is so annoying but whatever it is so i get the cauliflower with the chicken i get lettuce i get the mild salsa i get guacamole i get cheese and i think oh and veggies well this time i did not get the veggies on it but i normally do i totally forgot to add it so that ends up being about six grams of carbs and that's a very yummy dinner oh i did forget to say at lunch at work right before lunch i did get some munchies and i do have some macadamia nuts with me those are one of the best nuts that you can have on keto and so i did have seven macadamia nuts but that's only one gram of carb after dinner that night i did get the munchies again and i had that granola again but this time i only had a third cup but it's still seven grams it is not they say it's keto friendly but it really is not so you can say um see on this my pie chart looks good but i am over on three grams of my carbs and i'm over on everything else on to wednesday during the weekend i do bake make up a whole bunch of truffles because then i can just use them throughout the week if i need them so that's why i have these so readily available i make up like 12 of them and then i freeze them so that's why i have these easily so for my lunch i had avocado toast again so this time i had three truffles so three net grams for each one of those i had a half of an avocado and then of course i sprinkled the feta cheese on top and some everything but the bagel seasoning and some lemon juice oh it's so good i also had four more of those broccoli cheddar rounds and then my coffee for dinner that night we had pork chops or pork loins and i had i think about seven ounces it's hard to tell because there is bone there but i kind of estimate there are no carbs in a pork chop but there are calories and i am tracking that i also had some fresh broccoli that i steamed and i put about i say three tablespoons of butter i don't think it was that much but i always try to overestimate and you know you don't always have it because it all melts it's in the bowl and all that stuff but i had a lot of broccoli three cups i was a little hungry for broccoli i love broccoli no snacks yay bobby i'm really trying to break that habit i don't want to eat at night so i'm trying to break that habit and yay i was at least successful on one of those so thursday was kind of a leftovers kind of day i had two more truffles and i just put some butter on it just like it was a piece of bread for then i also had some of those broccoli rounds left i only had three at this point so three of those i had some leftover of these beef rounds these are not my favorite they're like kind of like a meatball with bacon wrapped around it and then you just bake it and then you can dip it in mustard i think i forgot the mustard this day they're okay but i don't think i would make them again i will link them below because i know other people love them but my family was not a huge fan of this i had some leftover broccoli again so i had a cup of that and i probably put a little butter on it as well and then i had my coffee for dinner my family wanted pesto chicken pasta so this is penne pasta with broccoli and chicken and then the pesto on top obviously i did not want to have the penne so i decided to make myself a pesto chicken pizza keto style so what i did is i used three of my truffles that i had and i used the chicken and the pesto mixture and i put that on top and then instead of using any kind of more mozzarella i used a half of an avocado and i just cut it up and i put it on top and can i tell you this was so yummy it was so yummy and then that night i did have a snack but it is okay it was a love good fat salted caramel flavored nut bar so love good fats is one of my most favorite snack bars and i love them this is not sponsored by them in any way but i did have one of those so let me look at my pie chart was okay a little bit more of protein than i would want but not bad i am two over in my net carbs and of course i'm over on but it still wasn't bad on to friday so you guessed it for lunch i did have that pesto chicken pizza again on three chapels and i don't think i added anything different than i did the night before and of course my coffee afterwards for dinner we had this recipe called baked crack chicken and oh my heart it is so good and it's crack they call it crack because it's that good like you're going to be addicted to it i will leave the recipe below it is definitely keto so if you are not keto be prepared because it is high in fat but it's delicious so i had that and i made some cauliflower steamed with a little bit of butter on top and a yummy meal that was for a snack that night i did have one very large strawberry it was so big and then i did have a love good fats another one it's the sea salt and almond dark chocolate sea salt and almond bar so that one's really good as well so on this day i actually let had one left at the end of the day so yay me but of course everything else is over all right we're on our last day and it is a saturday so because it's a saturday i did have breakfast for this breakfast was i had another one strawberry another big one and then i had my coffee but my husband he's so good he makes me eggs almost every single weekend so he made me a three scrambled eggs he put in it red bell peppers some bacon it was three slices chopped up some spinach and he cooked it in coconut that is one of my favorite breakfasts for lunch that day it was kind of a hodgepodge of things i tried these crackers from costco they're called um flackers doctor in the kitchen sea salt flackers they literally straight up look like bird seed mushed together in a square that's what my husband thinks they kind of taste like that but i actually don't mind them with some cheese on top so i put some swiss cheese on top i had some a couple slices i think it was just two of some bacon left over i had some leftover cauliflower with some butter and that was my lunch of course with some coffee coffee is kind of a thing with me can you tell for dinner that night we had um hamburgers and i sometimes will do a hamburger cheeseburger with a chocolate on top as bun i had no leftover truffles at that point so i decided to just make myself a cheeseburger bowl so i put some lettuce in it and i put in some avocado and a little bit of tomatoes some scallions and my husband made me a burger with some swiss cheese on top and then i just chopped it up and i put it in my bowl with some low sugar ketchup and some mustard and that is delicious oh pickles i added some dill pickles yum so as you can see on that i had three grams of carbs left for the day yay i was still everything else but not horribly so my pie chart still looked good if you want to know more about my keto journey this video here would probably be really helpful to you i will see you guys in the next video god bless

  Top Comments:
  1. @saintinlower48 [2 likes]: Your skin is unbelievably smooth!  I've gained back the 30 pounds of weight I lost in 2020.  I'm going for 25 pounds now and need to begin my new habits today. Thank you for your video!
  2. @KetoCookbooksCorner [2 likes]: It's always fascinating to see what others include in their daily meals while following a keto lifestyle. Keep up the great work!
  3. @rosie1877: I am really shocked how many carbs are in vegetables, l like your food plan, and that soup  looked amazing.  Yummy 😋
  4. @Diane-CAN: I wish I understood keto I just don’t understand micros etc…
  5. @sheriharader2566: I found you last fall, so I have been watching your recent videos,  which I enjoy! A couple of weeks ago, I started looking into Keto. This video is the most inspiring! ❤ Do you have any suggestions on reference materials on Keto? Thanks Bobbie! 😊
  6. @اعتمادسيفالنصر: Prato
  7. @davidcarter9134: How do you reheat the chaffles
  8. @chirsspowell3741: Not sure how to access recipes ,love the menu !
  9. @melissabaker6527: I bought the granola. It's waaaa y It's way too yummy so I can't buy it anymore
  10. @lori5946: I can not eat dairy. I am grain free or beans. I like lower carb almond wraps. I use coconut oil and collagen in my coffee in the morning. I like avocados. I eat lots of veggies. I do IF some days. I haven't been tracking my calories. My husband lost 20 lbs so far. I am not sure how much I have lost but trying to decrease inflammation. I have autoimmune.
  11. @nancymurphy4376: Are you still doing Keto
  12. @annetcell-ly4571: The reason you got hungry is because you don’t eat enough healthy fat for satiation. For example, I would have included homemade aioli with the chicken wings so as not to get the munchies for processed food.
  13. @rebeccaenlow7395: Avocados cost about six dollars apiece here. So X on the avocado.
  14. @ThePollyLama: If you tap on the pie chart it will show you your actual percentages!
  15. @southernstephanie: Thank you so much for sharing!
  16. @lizbeth2605: This doesn’t sound all that keto to me.
  17. @ruthgibbins510: Thank you for sharing! I’ve been Keto for two years- I tried it for two weeks, and I never went back! Unfortunately snacks have crept in, and I need to get back to no snacks between meals! I have lost half a stone and one more to go.
I feel I really have to concentrate now, I’ve just hit 65 and even though I feel better and sleep better than I did in my forties, I REALLY want to get there before I get much older!
One thing I did notice from your video is that you don’t eat much protein? Researching Keto over 50 I’ve learnt we need to increase protein, I’ve just upped mine to 100g a day, but reduced my fats a little. I’m finding having weight bearing exercise and fasting seems to work better for me. Best of luck on your journey!
  18. @werkubayu5791: ❤❤
  19. @isabelbecerra9258retired: Luv this video! Do u also count your macros?
  20. @jeannechua349: Thx for sharing. So informative. As women we feel we need to apologize for not being perfect. Don’t be so hard on yourself. You look fantastic. Love what you’re doing.

- How to Start the Ketogenic Diet Correctly?: Kind: captions Language: en welcome today we're going to show you how to&nbsp; start keto correctly and this is for beginners&nbsp;&nbsp; what are we trying to do we're trying to switch&nbsp; what your body is running on as far as fuel-wise&nbsp;&nbsp; so we want to switch from burning sugar fuel to&nbsp; fat fuel there's this one hormone called insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the key to determine whether you're going&nbsp; to burn fat or burn sugar so you want to keep it&nbsp;&nbsp; low to burn fat when it goes higher your body&nbsp; will burn sugar very simply lower your carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; and eat less meals that's different than&nbsp; lowering your calories now by eating less meals&nbsp;&nbsp; you are going to lower your calories but that's&nbsp; not the goal you could actually eat larger meals&nbsp;&nbsp; just not as frequent why is it a good idea to&nbsp; eat less frequent meals because every time you&nbsp;&nbsp; eat you trigger insulin every time you eat carbs&nbsp; you trigger insulin so we're just trying to lower&nbsp;&nbsp; this insulin the combination between these two&nbsp; are very very powerful so what are you going to&nbsp;&nbsp; eat in a meal well first thing you have to eat&nbsp; low carb so you want to cut down all your carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; that includes sugar and i'm talking about honey&nbsp; agave nectar brown sugar white sugar date sugar&nbsp;&nbsp; all sugar you can replace it in various&nbsp; recipes with what's called sugar alcohols&nbsp;&nbsp; i put some links down below of examples of&nbsp; that so you can learn about that but there's&nbsp;&nbsp; these sweet alternative sugar sources that&nbsp; you can use so that means that when you go&nbsp;&nbsp; buy food you have to start reading the labels&nbsp; and looking at the sugar content you want it&nbsp;&nbsp; as close to zero as possible you want to&nbsp; avoid fruit except for berries there's&nbsp;&nbsp; three berries raspberries strawberries and&nbsp; blackberries you can have those in small amounts&nbsp;&nbsp; but no other fruit especially apples grains like&nbsp; wheat flour that they make breads pasta cereal&nbsp;&nbsp; crackers biscuits you want to avoid that but&nbsp; guess what there's a substitute there's a people&nbsp;&nbsp; use almond flour to make all sorts of things from&nbsp; pizza crust to bread to you name it so there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of recipes that you can use as an alternative&nbsp; grain avoid starches like potatoes but guess what&nbsp;&nbsp; there's all these recipes that you can make out of&nbsp; cauliflower that is very similar to the starches&nbsp;&nbsp; not identical but you can make things that are&nbsp; very close to tasting like mashed potatoes you can&nbsp;&nbsp; even make a cauliflower crust for your pizza it's&nbsp; quite good now when i say cut out all the carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; there's an exception vegetables in fact you want&nbsp; to consume more vegetables at least seven cups you&nbsp;&nbsp; know even more that could be salads or other types&nbsp; of vegetables like bell peppers like cabbage like&nbsp;&nbsp; broccoli kale brussels sprouts and at this level&nbsp; that i'm teaching you you can even do carrots and&nbsp;&nbsp; tomatoes beets don't worry about that you can have&nbsp; those and the last point about vegetables is that&nbsp;&nbsp; ideally if you eat them first it's going to be a&nbsp; lot easier to consume seven cups than after you&nbsp;&nbsp; have the protein and fat because this is going to&nbsp; fill you up pretty fast so i always consume the&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetable first now you can consume it at the same&nbsp; time but just as a strategy to make sure you get&nbsp;&nbsp; enough vegetables in your diet i like to consume&nbsp; these first because very few people consume enough&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetables and one last point vegetables provide&nbsp; two things they provide food for your microbes&nbsp;&nbsp; that then help your blood sugars and help give you&nbsp; energy also they provide a lot of nutrients like&nbsp;&nbsp; potassium and magnesium and even vitamin c because&nbsp; what are we trying to do we're trying to do keto&nbsp;&nbsp; correctly and by correctly i mean healthily okay&nbsp; number two moderate protein not massive amounts&nbsp;&nbsp; like in the atkins diet but moderate amounts&nbsp; that could be depending on your size and&nbsp;&nbsp; your metabolism and your age between three and&nbsp; eight ounces maybe you're 18 years old and you&nbsp;&nbsp; work out hardcore you're gonna need maybe more&nbsp; protein so rather than have a little scale and&nbsp;&nbsp; measure it just consume protein the size of the&nbsp; palm of your hand maybe a little bit more a little&nbsp;&nbsp; less okay just to kind of keep it really simple at&nbsp; this level what type of protein different types of&nbsp;&nbsp; meat fish chicken seafood eggs cheese unless you&nbsp; have an allergy or any type of severe gut issue&nbsp;&nbsp; nuts or nut butters also make sure that&nbsp; you if you buy peanut butter or whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; you read the ingredients to make sure it doesn't&nbsp; have added sugar you don't want to add sugar to&nbsp;&nbsp; any of these because sometimes when you have&nbsp; like deli meats they have dextrose in there or&nbsp;&nbsp; extra sugar if you're having bacon&nbsp; they have extra sugar added you&nbsp;&nbsp; preferably keep the sugar away from your protein&nbsp; all right with the protein as far as the order of&nbsp;&nbsp; when you eat it you just ate your vegetable&nbsp; your salad now you start with your protein&nbsp;&nbsp; the key with the protein is not to consume lean&nbsp; protein or low fat protein try to consume protein&nbsp;&nbsp; that has more fat why because that's going&nbsp; to help your insulin levels when you consume&nbsp;&nbsp; protein that's very low fat and lean as in like&nbsp; powders especially like whey protein powder&nbsp;&nbsp; you majorly increase insulin versus consuming&nbsp; fattier meat or fattier fish or like brie cheese&nbsp;&nbsp; which is has more fat so that's a really key&nbsp; point about protein all right the third thing&nbsp;&nbsp; is that you're on a higher fat diet now when we&nbsp; talk about higher fats mainly we're talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; the calories there's more than twice as many&nbsp; calories in fat than there is protein in carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; so based on calories it would be a higher fat diet&nbsp; so i'm not going to say anything more to confuse&nbsp;&nbsp; you on that point but realize that when you're&nbsp; consuming the protein guess what you're consuming&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of the fat in your diet already because&nbsp; protein always comes with fat but you may add&nbsp;&nbsp; some additional fats let's say some avocado&nbsp; butter to cook your food in or let's say you&nbsp;&nbsp; melt the butter on your vegetables which is a good&nbsp; idea because the veggies have certain fat soluble&nbsp;&nbsp; natural chemicals in there that are good for you&nbsp; even antioxidants they're called phytonutrients&nbsp;&nbsp; and adding oil to your salad whether it's&nbsp; olive oil or butter over your vegetables&nbsp;&nbsp; will help you extract those nutrients out of that&nbsp; meal that's why it's good to combine these things&nbsp;&nbsp; right here olives or olive oil is very very good&nbsp; coconut oil is actually also pretty good and of&nbsp;&nbsp; course some of these are in the fat category like&nbsp; nuts for example or half fat and half protein&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit of carb cheese is protein and fat&nbsp; eggs are protein and fat so a lot of these are fat&nbsp;&nbsp; too so both of these are kind of a combination but&nbsp; if you're starting keto a lot of times people add&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe some nuts or cheese after the meal to be&nbsp; more satisfied so that's something that they do&nbsp;&nbsp; and so that's why i said eat this third but of&nbsp; course it could be within the meal now there's&nbsp;&nbsp; certain fats you definitely want to avoid&nbsp; soy oil corn oil canola oil cottonseed oil&nbsp;&nbsp; even the safflower oil the sunflower oil i would&nbsp; be careful about consuming too much of those&nbsp;&nbsp; these are gmo they have chemicals in them but&nbsp; the problem is they're highly inflammatory even&nbsp;&nbsp; though it's a fat it's the wrong type of fat that&nbsp; you want in your body and you probably see these&nbsp;&nbsp; in salad dressings and many different products&nbsp; like mayonnaise in there so you're going to have&nbsp;&nbsp; to kind of start reading labels and really get&nbsp; picky on certain things that you're going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; buying so we talked about generally what to&nbsp; eat but we also want to talk about eating less&nbsp;&nbsp; meals right less frequent meals we're going&nbsp; to do intermittent fasting we're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; combine both of these together to really take that&nbsp; insulin and bring it down to our normal level so&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the rule of thumb don't eat unless&nbsp; you are hungry now let me define hungry&nbsp;&nbsp; because sometimes you might get a little&nbsp; bit of hunger but you still feel strong&nbsp;&nbsp; uh you still feel fine your mood is good we'll&nbsp; try to push through that okay there's also a&nbsp;&nbsp; difference between hunger and also like a habit&nbsp; people have like a habit of eating all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; even when they're not hungry because they feel&nbsp; that they're not as full as maybe they should be&nbsp;&nbsp; so you don't have to be full all the time we're&nbsp; talking about hungry and a true hunger is like wow&nbsp;&nbsp; i feel like i really need to eat i feel a little&nbsp; bit weaker i feel a little shaky i'm starting&nbsp;&nbsp; to notice i'm a little bit more irritable okay&nbsp; that is what we're talking about not some little&nbsp;&nbsp; temporary hunger number two ideally you want&nbsp; to skip the breakfast you can do this on a&nbsp;&nbsp; gradual level where you keep pushing your&nbsp; breakfast later and later and later or just&nbsp;&nbsp; cut it right out and just skip breakfast instead&nbsp; have your coffee with a little butter in it a&nbsp;&nbsp; tablespoon of butter and or mct oil which will&nbsp; help you greatly in making ketones which is very&nbsp;&nbsp; therapeutic to your brain and it'll satisfy you so&nbsp; as you're trying to transition into the state of&nbsp;&nbsp; ketosis which you're burning fat because ketones&nbsp; are a byproduct of burning fat if you add mct oil&nbsp;&nbsp; that will give you ketones right away and it'll&nbsp; make the transition a little more comfortable&nbsp;&nbsp; especially with your cognitive function so this is&nbsp; a good idea and if you did this coffee with this&nbsp;&nbsp; these two fats it's going to be very easy to&nbsp; skip breakfast also i want to note that about&nbsp;&nbsp; 8 am in the morning is when you have this&nbsp; hormonal shift with cortisol might go up and&nbsp;&nbsp; you may find a temporary about a half hour kind&nbsp; of a a sense like i i'm ready to eat something&nbsp;&nbsp; it's the cortisol it's a hormonal shift and it can&nbsp; increase your appetite just ignore that and push&nbsp;&nbsp; through that okay so we're skipping our breakfast&nbsp; at this point number three very importantly do not&nbsp;&nbsp; snack through the day that little snack&nbsp; even though it's low amount of calories&nbsp;&nbsp; will make you hungry eating stimulates hunger&nbsp; especially if it's in the form of a snack&nbsp;&nbsp; so just cut out all snacking it's very very&nbsp; important if you get the temptation the snack&nbsp;&nbsp; just realize that you didn't consume enough fat&nbsp; at the last meal so the next meal add more fat&nbsp;&nbsp; to the diet so you can go easily from one&nbsp; meal to the next so it's important to add&nbsp;&nbsp; more fat to go longer there's a lot of details&nbsp; to fill in the blank but typically you can drink&nbsp;&nbsp; water tea coffee anything without sugar you can&nbsp; take your vitamins it's not going to be a problem&nbsp;&nbsp; and again there's a lot of details that i'm&nbsp; not covering but i'm just giving you the basics&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's say your first meal is at noon okay&nbsp; you eat your meal don't really worry at this&nbsp;&nbsp; point about calories because we're not trying to&nbsp; reduce calories all we're trying to do is have&nbsp;&nbsp; that first meal make sure it fits what i said&nbsp; in the last slide and then the second meal at&nbsp;&nbsp; six so that gives you a six hour eating window&nbsp; and 18-hour fast okay if you don't snack&nbsp;&nbsp; which is huge this is going to allow you to see&nbsp; a lot of benefits with this program so that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the summary of how to do keto correctly before&nbsp; you go if you have a question about a product&nbsp;&nbsp; or you're new to keto and you want to know&nbsp; how to begin keto or you're on keto and you&nbsp;&nbsp; need a debug because it's not going as smooth i&nbsp; have a keto consultant standing by to help you&nbsp;&nbsp; this is just for the people in the us hopefully in&nbsp; the future we'll be able to answer everyone's call&nbsp;&nbsp; but i put the number down below&nbsp; so you can call and get some help

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [34 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @C-TRAIN77 [1 likes]: I started keto a week ago, and I already see a difference
  3. @destinydushane2107: Do you have a more updated video than this? Some of the sweeteners have been found to be bad for your heart. I really want to do the right thing. Thank you.
  4. @Tobytobers1: I did dr Bernstein which is a keto diet and I lost 10 pounds a week...key was increase water! 1 litre 3xs a day...I burned a pound a day why? You pee out fat.
  5. @bettylashley9321: Cant skip meals or hungar get nauseated or stomach hurts
  6. @bettylashley9321: How to eat steamed veg or raw veg with IBS
  7. @RonaldSanford-pl7tf: I understand that any lifestyle change is uncomfortable. This, makes me wonder where is the joy of eating? I don’t know, I’m not sure I could do this plan.
  8. @DENISEASTUNO-ow1qz: Thank you ❤
  9. @scaramochixx: is it okay that i want to do this diet at 16? this wont mess me up right?
  10. @margaretbrisbin6261: So no protein powder 🤷🏻‍♀️
  11. @damjanjelic4970: fewer meals*

Hard to take you as a credible source of information when the poor grammar shines in the first 30 seconds.
  12. @zenub815: Do u have a diet for depression and colon problem ?thanks
  13. @rehmasiddique5084: NO FRUITS?
  14. @BaronBSOfficial: Can I fry my veggie with bacon and butter?
  15. @BrendaDion-g8p: It doesn't seem like the Keto diet is sustainable.
  16. @sugandhamishra7230: Is it okay to take protein powder because I strength train and I need more protein.
  17. @VideoRangerDan: How do you ever poop if the carbs are low or non-existent??this is what holds me back from super low carb diet. Very confused about this? Afraid of constipation. It's horrible? Thanks..
  18. @classifiedsincebirth: two meals a day?   noon and 6 only? i guess Hiit training at the gym isnt gonna happen
  19. @glorzoglory998: Dr Berg, I struggle with sleep, so I often try to have my supper/ last meal around 9 or 8 PM. I have chronic insomnia and often find myself awake and hungry at 12 AM. Even though my eating window is 3 hours longer, I still keep it to 2 meals daily. I can achieve OMAD, when I spend my weekdays going to my 9-5, during the work day, I get so busy that I will skip lunch and don't feel hungry.
  20. @curryhamilton9: Does honey count as sugar ?

- The Ketogenic Diet, Women & Hormones – Hormonal Imbalance In Women On Keto – Dr.Berg: Kind: captions Language: en so I'm back and today we're gonna talk about quito women and hormones okay so you hear all this stuff on the net and on the news that keto and intermittent fasting is really bad for women it's gonna mess up your hormones I'm just gonna clarify that with six different points starting it with number one when you decrease your insulin by doing in a minute fasting and keto you are instantly enhancing certain fat burning hormones insulin is a fat making hormone and as has the power of preventing the fat burning process it is a dominating hormone in the presence of insulin all the fat burning hormones are nullified okay I'm not sure if you knew that but so just by lowering insulin you enhance the thyroid hormone which is a fat burning hormone growth hormone glucagon which is a fat burning hormone adrenaline so you when you actually burn more fat okay that's number one number two because you're consuming more healthy fat you're increasing more bile production bile helps you convert the inactive form of the thyroid hormone which is t4 to the active form which is t3 so you actually have more effectiveness with your thyroid okay consuming more fat increases bile it also increases the absorption of more fat soluble vitamins like vitamin A and vitamin D and vitamin E these fat soluble vitamins are vital with hormones especially vitamin E in relationship to the pituitary and menopause to prevent hot flashes alright number three by increasing dietary fat you're providing the raw material for your steroid hormones in order to make like estrogen progesterone testosterone cortisol for your adrenals you need cholesterol you need fat and the ketogenic diet will give you that if you're doing a low-fat diet you're gonna starve those hormones off okay number four decreasing insulin will decrease PCOS polycystic ovarian syndrome this is a condition where a woman has too much androgen that's a male hormone and they're getting facial hair deeper voice they're getting a gut no more libido all sorts of problems with that well that's coming from high levels of insulin if you just decrease your insulin you're automatically going to improve this condition right here improving your overall hormone profile all right number five running your body on ketones which your brain loves by the way and doing anima fasting greatly supports the brain its ketones are neural protective when you do intermittent fasting you have these genes that turn on and your brain actually starts going into repair mode and you actually grow new brain cells which is really nice and guess what else is in your brain the main master glands which is the hypothalamus and the pituitary those are the glands that send the information down to the body and they actually also improve when you go on keto and if' you also improve the autonomic nervous system which is an added benefit and lastly going on keto takes the stress off the pancreas and so now the pancreas which is an endocrine gland can finally come back and work effectively the pancreas not only regulates blood sugars but it's involved in digestion as well so a lot of women that go on healthy keto end up increasing their fertility increasing their libido now there are things that can happen for example if you feel cold if you lose your period if your libido goes down it could mean that you're doing in a min fasting too fast okay so you have to go about it in a nice gradual way it could also mean that the type of keto that you're doing is unhealthy so what I'm going to recommend is do the healthy version of ketta we call a healthy keto so I put a link down below to make sure you get the correct version of healthy keto thanks for watching you're enjoying this content go ahead and share it with someone that could really benefit from it

  Top Comments:
  1. @epifanioflippen [18 likes]: It's amazing to see so many women finding relief from hormonal imbalances and PCOS symptoms through keto and intermittent fasting! Thank you, Dr. Berg, for providing valuable information and empowering women to take control of their health. I'm inspired by these success stories and more confident in continuing my own keto journey.
  2. @MichelleBlackChannel [16 likes]: Keto can feel like a miracle for a while — but for many women, especially in perimenopause or menopause, it eventually stops working or even backfires.
I’ve seen this often in the women I work with: when gut health, blood sugar, and inflammation aren’t addressed first, keto can trigger more stress in the body than healing.
It’s not always about cutting more — sometimes it's about calming the body so it actually uses the nutrition you’re giving it. Grateful this conversation is being had.
  3. @Mindsetolympics [2 likes]: I literally had little to no freaking period cramps!!! My past period thanks to this diet❤❤❤❤
  4. @melaniebenoist9432 [1 likes]: So I just started it again after 5 years, my period is late but I know it’s because of the changes happening in my body and im hoping it becomes regular again God willing.
  5. @BrittanyMetzler-f6w [1 likes]: Ya but now they say intermittent fasting isn’t good for women’s hormones and decreasing carbs for too long back fires like what is true anymore 😑?
  6. @stephanievulcheva8125 [1 likes]: I lost my cycle for the last 2 of the 3 months on keto. The moment I ate some bread my cycle was back. I really enjoyed it and it helped me a lot in other health issues but I am not gonna practice it for more than a month in future.
  7. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  8. @brittneyham5270: But it doesn't gaurantee women will convert t4 into t3 in fact it it converts to rT3 which is a inactive and can block t3. This poses a big problem, especially for women with raising cortisol levels.
  9. @katkas.3066: Sounds nice in theory, but it did destroy hormones for me. I suppose it was what would be called healthy keto... Paleo with a lot of good fat and protein.
  10. @lizbailie8052: Could you PLEASE do a video dedicated to postmenopausal women who still suffer for most of their perimenopausal symptoms, please.
  11. @StellaAesthetics: There is tons of evidence that shows eliminating carbs causes hypothalamic ammenorrah in women . They put teen girls on keto and 45% lost their periods in a month . Keto is bodies way of eating when starving- no time to reproduce.
  12. @S-mn7du: I have regular periods (I used to eat carbs 10 days before the period) but I got continuous spotting throughout the month due to low carb. It might help pcos women but mess up for the ones who have regular periods.
  13. @Anupama_creations7.5M: I'm already keto person 
All medical reports are normal. 
But today is 68 days my heavy period. 
What should I do right now
  14. @CharityRodriguez-w6l: What about women in perimenopause? I haven’t been able to find a video by you that is solely about perimenopause.
  15. @kathixox4345: And again….. a huge Thank you 🐱
  16. @northmoons: Dr. Berg, I'm doing healthy keto and IF, and I was so worried about if it would be too rough when I got my cycle. 😅 Thank you so much for the breakdown. 🙏🏽
  17. @RashmiSingh-wr6li: @Dr Berg will keto and IF impact lactating mothers?
  18. @Truthplznowplzplz2025Plz: LOL I can't believe people listen to an Osteopath about hormones
  19. @lenkaklepacova2167: If I get rid of all suffering and lose it due to keto & IF I will be the happiest of course if it comes with no consequence.
  20. @vortex23ify: Dr. Berg, what do you mean with “balance estrogen”? There is no balancing. Should it not say “reducing estrogen”?

- Woman Says She Lost Over 120 Pounds On The ‘Keto’ Diet | Megyn Kelly TODAY: Kind: captions Language: en >>> SO BEFORE THE BREAK, WE HEARD ABOUT INTERMITTENT FASTING. WHAT IF YOURE NOT THE FASTING TYPE?IF YOURE NOT THE FASTING TYPE? ANOTHER HOT TREND IS THE KETO KETOGENIC DIET, EMPHASIZING FATS OVER CARBS AND SUGAR.SIZING FATS OVER CARBS AND SUGAR. OUR NEXT GUEST HAS BEEN TAKING HER SUCCESS STORY PUBLIC ONE VIEW AT A TIME. >> MY NAME IS SUZANNE, AND THIS IS MY FIRST VIDEO ABOUT MY WEIGHT LOSS JOURNEY. >> THREE YEARS AGO, SUZANNE WEIGHED 389 POUNDS AND WEARING SIZE 27 PANTS. THE SELF-DESCRIBED FOOD LOVER HAD NO PROBLEM EATING BUT WAS PUT OFF BY COOKING, CITING LONG RECIPES AND LACK OF TIME. SHE TRIED NUMEROUS DIETS BUT NOTHING SEEMED TO WORK. >> THE CRAVINGS WERE SO STRONG, ID END UP IN THIS CYCLE OF DIETING FOR A COUPLE DAYS AND CAVING INTO A CARB FEST. >> BEGINNING IN 2015, SUZANNE DISCOVERED THE KETOGENIC DIET, A HIGH FAT, LOW CARB DIET, WHICH A HIGH FAT, LOW CARB DIET, WHICH FORCES THE BODY TO SWITCH ITS ENERGY SOURCE FROM SUGAR AND CARBS TO FATS. >> I COULD NOT BELIEVE THE RESULTS PEOPLE WERE GETTING ON THIS. I LOOKED UP WHAT THEY WERE DOING, RESEARCHED IT, WENT SHOPPING AND I STARTED ON JANUARY 13th, 2015.TED ON JANUARY 13th, 2015. >> FROM THAT POINT ON, SUZANNE STARTED TO SEE RESULTS AND LOGGED HER ENTIRE JOURNEY. >> HEY, GUYS. WELCOME TO MY 15-WEEK UPDATE. 20-WEEK UPDATE. 25-WEEK UPDATE. >> OVER THE COURSE OF TWO YEARS, SUZANNE RACKED UP MORE THAN 1 MILLION VIEWS ON YOUTUBE, SHED 120 POUNDS AND IS NOW AN ENTIRELY NEW WOMAN. SUZANNE IS HERE TODAY. REMINDER, A PICTURE OF SUZANNE BEFORE HER WEIGHT LOSS. AND NOW PLEASE WELCOME SUZANNE RYAN. WHOA! AMAZING. SO GOOD TO SEE YOU. WELCOME. YOU LOOK AWESOME. >> THANK YOU. >> AWESOME. >> ALL RIGHT. SO WHAT THE HECK IS KETOGENIC DIET? I HAVE NO CLUE. WHAT DO YOU EAT FOR BREAKFAST, LUNCH AND DINNER. >> ITS LOW CARB, HIGH FAT, MODERATE PROTEIN. BREAKFAST, FOR EXAMPLE, IS EGGS, AVOCADO, SAUSAGE, THINGS LIKEGS, AVOCADO, SAUSAGE, THINGS LIKE THAT. LUNCH, I DO DIFFERENT SALADS WITH DRESSES AND THINGS LIKE THAT, OR A BUNLESS BURGER. DINNER IS USUALLY SOME TYPE OF STEAK OR CHICKEN OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT WITH SOME KIND OF A SIDE. WE DO A LOT OF WHOLE FOOD BASED THINGS AND A LOT OF GREEN VEGETABLES AND THINGS LIKE THAT. WE JUST ADD IN SOME FAT TO IT, AS WELL. >> HOW MANY EGGS IN A DAILY BREAKFAST? HOW MUCH SAUSAGE AND BACON? >> GENERALLY TWO EGGS. JUST WHATEVER, YOU KNOW, YOU FEEL LIKE EATING THAT DAY. >> DOES YOUR CHOLESTEROL GO UP WITH BACON, EGGS AND STEAK? >> MY CHOLESTEROL HAS GONE DOWN. MY DOCTOR, AT FIRST, WAS LIKE,N. MY DOCTOR, AT FIRST, WAS LIKE, IM NOT SURE IF I WANT YOU TO DO THREE YEARS AFTER, SHES BEEN CHECKING MY CHOLESTEROL AND SHES LIKE, I NOW RECOMMEND THIS TO MY PATIENTS. ITS AMAZING. MY TRIGLISYCERIDES ARE HALF OF WHAT THEY USED TO BE. >> JOY BAUER IS STILL WITH US, THE "TODAY" NUTRITIONIST. THIS IS A CONTROVERSIAL ONE, THE KETO DIET, BECAUSE OF THE SATURATED FAT IN THE DIET. >> IM CONCERNED ABOUT THIS DIET. ON THE POSITIVE SIDE, WE DO KNOW THAT IT CAN HELP TO SUPPRESSKNOW THAT IT CAN HELP TO SUPPRESS YOUR APPETITE AND UPTICK YOUR METABOLISM. ITS GREAT. ITS WORKED FOR YOU AND YOU LOOK AMAZING.ED FOR YOU AND YOU LOOK WHEN YOU LOSE A LOT OF WEIGHT WHEN YOURE OVERWEIGHT, YOURHT WHEN YOURE OVERWEIGHT, YOUR CARDIAC HEALTH MARKERS WILL COME DOWN, NO MATTER HOW YOU LOSE THE WEIGHT. HERES WHAT CONCERNS ME. WE REALLY DONT HAVE LARGE SCALE STUDIES FOR THE LONG-TERM ONALE STUDIES FOR THE LONG-TERM ON HEALTHY PEOPLE. SO I DONT KNOW WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU TAX YOUR ORGANS AND REALLY RESTRICT CARBOHYDRATES FOR MANY, MANY YEARS. >> TRY TO PUT YOURSELF IN SOMETHING CALLED KETOSIS, WHICH IS WHAT? >> IT IS TAXING ON YOUR RID KNEE AND LIVER. IF ANYBODY HAS UNDERLYING HEALTH ISSUES, YOU WANT TO SPEAK WITHTH ISSUES, YOU WANT TO SPEAK WITH YOUR FIPHYSICIAN FIRST. DO THIS UNDER A PHYSICIANS SUPERVISION. THE OTHER THING IS WE HAVE SO MANY STUDIES THAT EMBRACE THE GOOD STUFF IN WHOLE GRAINS AND VEGETABLES AND FRUITS. LENTILS AND BEANS. ON THIS PLAN, BECAUSE IT IS SO SEVERELY RESTRICTIVE IN CARBS, YOU CANT REALLY EAT THAT STUFF. >> WHAT IS BANNED? >> WELL, BASICALLY, THE WHOLE CONCEPT OF WHY IT REALLY WORKS FOR ME IS I DEFINITELY HAD A FOOD ADDICTION. I WAS JUST -- I HAD AN APPETITE THAT I JUST COULD NOT CONTROL. I WAS HUNGRY ALL THE TIME. SO FOR ME, STAYING AWAY FROM FOODS THAT HAVE SUGAR IN THEM, THINGS WITH A HIGH GLYCEMIC INDEX THAT WOULD SPIKE MY BLOOD SUGAR, ITD KEEP ME CRAVING CARBS ALL THE TIME. I FELT AWFUL. WHEN I CUT IT OUT, AT FIRST IT WAS HARD BECAUSE IT IS AN ADJUSTMENT. >> CUT OUT SUGARS. >> BREAD, PASTA, SUGAR. BUT THERES DIFFERENTAR. BUT THERES DIFFERENT REPLACEMENTS. THERE ARE LITERALLY RECIPES FOR ANYTHING YOU COULD IMAGINE. FOR ANYTHING YOU COULD IMAGINE. >> CAN YOU HAVE APPLES? >> NO. MOSTLY WE DO BERRIES, LOW GLYCEMIC INDEX FRUITS AND STUFF LIKE THAT. >> CAN YOU HAVE BROCCOLI AND CARROTS? >> WE DONT DO CARROTS BUT GREEN VEGETABLES. LOW STARCH. >> HMM.RCH. >> HMM. >> YEAH. >> ARE YOU MAINTAINING NOW BY DOING THIS? YOU DONT HAVE TO CHANGE ANYTHING NOW THAT YOURE MAINTAINING? I PLAN TO BE KETO FOREVER. I JUST FEEL BETTER WHEN IM IN KETOSIS. AT FIRST, I STARTED IT TO LOSE WEIGHT.T, I STARTED IT TO LOSE NOW ITS HEALTH BENEFITS. >> BOTH GUESTS ARE TALKING ABOUT INCREASED MENTAL CLARITY. DO WE NEED TO STOP EATING WHAT WE WANT TO HAVE INCREASED MENTAL CLARITY? WELL SEE. >> BEFORE FOOD,, FOOD WOULD RUN LIFE.FORE FOOD,, FOOD WOULD RUN LIFE. AT BREAKFAST, I THINK ABOUT LUNCH.AKFAST, I THINK ABOUT LUNCH. LUNCH, I THINK ABOUT DINNER. >> SAME. THINK ABOUT DINNER. >> SAME. >> NOW IM LIKE, IM COMFORTABLE WITH WHAT IM EATING.OMFORTABLE WITH WHAT IM EATING. THE FOOD IS DELICIOUS. TO ME, IT IS A LIFESTYLE CHANGE THAT IS VERY REALISTIC TO STICK TO. ITS CHANGED MY LIFE. >> I AM GLAD.Y LIFE. >> I AM GLAD. YOU LOOK AND APPEAR HEALTHIER. >> AND HAPPIER, TOO. ALL THE BEST TO YOU. THANK YOU FOR TELLING YOUR STORY. SUZANNES NEW BOOK IS CALLED "SIMPLY KETO."

  Top Comments:
  1. @KetoMike59 [2 likes]: the Eskimos the Masai
  2. @somcana [1 likes]: To be realistic, most people eat added sugar or  highly processed food for sources of carbohydrates. Who said that is normal? Enjoy any diet that works for you.
  3. @Chrysanthemum828 [1 likes]: The nutritionist is using REALLY outdated science. Her advice is why most of the country is so fat.
  4. @catharinebrown5226 [1 likes]: All the doctors and nutritionists were fed the government food pyramid. But studies and individuals prove them wrong over and over again.
  5. @CanadianMillennial [1 likes]: The best part of any meal was always the meat and sauces, the animal products. I did an extremely high carb, low fat diet for maybe 5+ years and I ended up sick, at 240 pounds and mentally my anxiety and depression only got worse. I'm on day 3 of low carb and I feel better already, plus my heartburn has decreased.
  6. @Trigger-xw9gq [1 likes]: Quote from the so-called dietician:  “We really don’t have large-scale studies for the long term on healthy people.”  Um, yes we do, it’s called human history, and the Keto diet is basically the way we used to eat until agriculture and high-sugar, high-carb foods became far too high and “normal” in our terrible modern-day eating habits.
  7. @shabbirkhan5049 [1 likes]: Completely disagree with everything the nutritionist said. Keto is the way to live. Please do not listen to her. I hope she revalidates her research.
  8. @KalahariJack [1 likes]: This dietician is clueless. She is has no idea about nutrition cause if she did she would not support any carbs😂😂😂😂
  9. @nicoledillistone: Ohh dear it is your decision NOT your Doctors ....
  10. @Jcislord1860: 100% believe keto is the way to live!!!!! Plus adding intermittent fasting is the way to live!!! To be healthy that is!
  11. @Sourpusscandy: LOL removing carbs “taxing your organs” she’s misinformed big time!
  12. @user-dt3mj7de4o: The nutritionist doesn't know anything
  13. @casper98204: What a piece of work this "dietician"! Makes me want to puke.
  14. @sissyrayself7508: There ARE large-scale studies on this diet it has been being prescribed since the 1800s. Before medication for diabetes both type 1 and type 2 diabetes such a Insulin became available this type of eating was the only treatment that used to be available to people suffering from diabetes. It can totally reverse type 2 diabetes. It Is also very helpful in treating seizure disorders such a epilepsy. It also can increase kidney functioning in Polycystic Kidney Disease. It is an extremely anti-inflammatory diet that helps to stabilize many different hormones in the body
  15. @krg8774: She has done amazing, don’t listen to someone who doesn’t truly have a clue on how the body works
  16. @mommyonmission1758: Shame on that nutritionist for being so uneducated.
  17. @ShakinandBacon: It is very unkind to bring a guest who has achieved this incredible feet and the shows brings out someone to basically tell her she did it all wrong. Not nice.
  18. @truthinthefaceoftyranny: long term risks of obesity versus "potential" long term.
Dr.s put us on medicines that can be long term dangerous because they say "the benefits outweigh the risks".
So can we say the same thing for Keto..."the benefits of a Keto diet outweigh the risks".
  19. @singing4fun: LOL Nutritionist Joy Bauer is so typical of this "profession."  Always spewing the same crap, no actual knowledge of Keto.  I hold nutritionists at the same level as chiropractors - complete nonsense professions with no actual research to support them.  Keto has been around for a very long time.
  20. @TBSEW: Why is the nutritionist so down on low carbs...the long term affects of this way of life is a healthy life

- Keto for Women Post-Menopause (Maximize Results): Kind: captions Language: en if you follow these rules after menopause you can have tremendous tremendous tremendous results with keto in fact keto even lends itself quite perfectly to someone that is postmenopausal so in this video you're gonna have a very clear breakdown and make it very simple very step-by-step I'm gonna make it rule-based so I'm gonna do is I'm gonna give you eight rules for doing keto after menopause now the cool thing about this video is it actually works for people that aren't necessarily doing keto - I just figured hey a lot of you who've been asking let's go ahead and let's dive into it the big thing we have to focus on the big overarching piece of all of this is the fact that menopause is all about your estrogen levels being low and we need to find some ways to either bring them up or deal with them and these are just lifestyle changes and dietary changes that allow us to get the most out of the keto diet despite estrogen levels being a little bit lower we always talk about estrogen being bad but what about when we actually need it alright so we're gonna break it all down and have a lot of fun with this please do hit that red subscribe button and then hit that little Bell icon to turn on notifications that way you always get notified when I go live and then after this video if you don't mind please check out thrive market they are a membership-based grocery store that's online and I have keto options fasting options basically I've assembled grocery boxes and grocery bundles and I've put them over at thrive market for my subscribers and people to watch my videos to check out that way you guys can get the things that I would recommend without having to like reference through all my videos and things like that it's just super easy and super convenient and it's all right there in the link in the description after you check out this video but now let's get you those rules so menopause in essence mimics the last two weeks of a menstrual cycle and what I mean by that is when you're looking at a 28-day female cycle the last two weeks the back half of that estrogen levels are low and progesterone is high now you might notice some of these things let me know if these sound familiar during the last two weeks of your cycle you would feel more hungry you would feel like your recovery was way down like you were more sore and you just I don't know I felt inflamed me you felt like you had specific cravings you felt like you had brain fog maybe you felt like you were irritable or you had some kind of hot flashes and things like that sound familiar because your estrogen levels are lower well guess what menopause is not much different than that back half except it doesn't end it just you crushed your estrogen levels and they're not coming back so the goal here isn't to elevate our estrogen levels because that's not going to work we can't defy biology we can't define nature but what we can do is we can support what's happening there by altering how we eat and altering even how we work out so let's go ahead and start with rule number one that goes along with this more recovery time yes you need to take it a little bit slower I cannot tell you how many women I see they hit menopause and they start just beating the pavement because they're really just there their results are slowing down so they just they work harder and harder and harder and harder and they beat themselves up okay when your estrogen levels are low your cortisol levels can come higher a lot easier estrogen and course I'll kind of feed each other but if estrogen is too crushed then cortisol can go up so we need to pay attention to this and we need to allow ourselves more recovery so I always recommend 25% more recovery that means if you normally take one or two days off per week from the gym or from working out add an extra day trust me it's going to help you more than it's going to hurt you and you need to pay attention to this to control your cortisol now on that note another thing you want to want to be paying attention to is increasing your protein a little bit over the age of 50 we need more protein to stop what's called sarcopenia to stop muscle breakdown so it's going to keep your metabolism higher but it's also in the case of menopause going to make it so your recovery is a little bit better alright let's go ahead let's move on to rule number two and this one is one that I do talk about somewhat often on my channel but I ask of you to just bear with me because we have three to five thousand new subscribers daily coming here so they don't always see the things I talk about increase your levels of DHA eat high amounts of omega threes but ones that are specifically high in DHA so if you go and you get a fish oil pill or if you're looking at specific kinds of fish to eat you should do a little bit of investigating to find out if they're high in DHA DHA makes up 90% of the omega-3s in the brain and it makes up between 30 and 50 percent of the overall fats in the brain very very very important if you are trying to support cognitive function now here's the thing most cognitive decline and most diseases Alzheimer's things like that come into effect after the age of 60 and usually after menopause estrogen normally helps combat this if estrogen levels are crushed then we need to combat it and support the brain with those omega-3s so sardines although they sound kind of gross right anchovies are really important get some oysters in get some mackerel in eat good amounts of salmon if you don't do fish try to eat some flax and chia even though it's not DHA it's a different kind of omega-3 it could still help and convert a little bit okay so rule number three load up on the shrimp what that's kind of weird and I know some of you are like TOMS come on this isn't practical you don't have to follow all these rules but for those of you that like shrimp and those of you that like shellfish you may want to dive in it all has to do with getting those good amounts of iodine and you might be thinking well what about iodized salt iodized salt is not good stuff okay stripped of all the other minerals and the iodine is just not that's not how we're trying to get iodine you want to get iodine from a natural source why do we need iodine have you ever realized that many of the people that talk about hypothyroid and having issues with their thyroid are over the age of 50 well it's because after the age of 50 particularly in women hypothyroidism is extremely common and there is some correlation between crushed estrogen levels and the thyroid dropping so how do we combat this well we have to give our thyroid what it needs and our thyroid needs iodine to ultimately combined with tyrosine from proteins that we eat to really create thyroid to create the thyroid hormone so no matter to get the tiresome that we need from the shrimp but also a particular cell fish that is already very high in iodine it's perfect I honestly think that shrimp is something that should be a staple in the female diet over the age of 50 and it's small enough you don't end up dealing with the mercury issues so it's great if you don't do seafood you don't do fish or you don't do meat you might want to try kombu kelp Kobuk elf just one serving is 3,000 micrograms of iodine which is literally enough to give you just the iodine you need for two weeks to support your thyroid so really really powerful stuff there and also don't forget the selenium because you are going to need that from time to time to make sure that you can convert t4 to t3 that's just a fun fact rule number four and don't hate me for this because I'll give you a supplement alternative just in case coenzyme q10 ideally the ordinates a couple times per week two to three times per week I want you to have one oh pardon me okay preferably like some beef liver or something like that some of you are saying this is Thomas I turn this video off this is gross you don't have to do that but otherwise 300 milligrams of coenzyme q10 via a supplement form but the bioactive form from a true food source is going to be the best way it just simply is and it's also going to make it so you're getting all the other vitamins that you need the vitamin D the vitamin A things like that they're going to help you why is this so important so coenzyme q10 is tremendously powerful at increasing our energy and when you are going through menopause your energy levels will plummet they simply will let me make things very very simple in terms of explaining this alright so you have what is called the electron transport chain going back to biology class here basically what happens is you have a series of electrons and energy potential travels down those electrons to ultimately create energy for our body well it turns out the ketogenic diet increases what's called the redox pan that's the span between NADH from the first part of the electron transport chain and the next one what the heck am i talking about okay bear with me coenzyme q10 also increases the redox ban what does that mean what is redox pan Thomas stop you drive me nuts envision this you have a bowling ball okay and you drop this bowling ball from two feet well the amount of energy that that bowling ball the potential energy from two feet it's pretty decent you know it's gonna as it drop the skin and gain some momentum and gain energy well what if I said well instead of two feet we're gonna drop this bowling ball from ten feet well the action potential or the the potential energy is going to be significantly more from ten feet than two feet right by the time the bowling ball hits the ground it's going to have more force and more power right that's because we've increased the span now imagine increasing the span with your electron transport chain energy potential has more time and more ability to gain momentum and trigger more energy so coenzyme q-10 does this in tandem with the ketogenic diet so it's simple eat your organ meats or take 300 milligrams of coenzyme q10 daily and it's going to dramatically change how you feel rule number five is the four big important pieces of maintaining bone health and it's very very simple weight training if you haven't weight treated before age 50 or menopause you should be weight training now but only through the diet do not take a calcium supplement get calcium from sardines get calcium from meat more than anything vitamin D by way of 4,000 IU's daily is what I would recommend okay more if you're in a climate where it's dark and 300 milligrams of vitamin k2 which helps the vitamin d3 and helps the calcium truly do its job I'm gonna leave it at that we know that osteoporosis is the real thing the next piece is the one that's gonna blow your mind rule number six you do need to pay attention and have more in the way of potentially phytoestrogen ik foods what is a phytoestrogen occlude okay we hear all the time you should not consume soy or you should not consume these phytoestrogens because they mimic estrogen in the body that means if you have an issue with high estrogen in your eating this estrogenic foods it's going to make as your estrogen levels are high but this could be a good thing if your estrogen levels are super low okay so I'm talking about flax seeds I'm talking about chia seeds I'm even talking about the occasional soy - the occasional bit of tempeh or the occasional bit of tofu or anything like that another one that people don't talk about a lot that's technically a phytoestrogen is green tea what this is going to do is is going to elevate estrogen in the body a little bit as a matter of fact there was a study that was published it's pretty darn interesting so this one was a meta-analysis published in the journal climacteric now a meta-analysis where they take a look at lots of different studies they took a look at 10 different studies in this meta-analysis and they found that actually consuming phytoestrogen ik foods like soy and like flax in modest amounts ended up crushing the symptoms of menopause crush the hot flashes and crush the fatigue this is powerful stuff we know that just a little bit of supporting our estrogen levels can reduce those symptoms so it's not a bad thing you just want to control it and if your premenopause you probably don't want to be eating these things but there's a time and place for everything and here's the interesting thing if you add just like a hundred milligrams of something known as dim the indolent methane and get on Amazon super cheap it's easy that is going to help make it so that those extra estrogens don't get metabolized into unhealthy estrogens like 1/7 hydroxy estradiol the bad one right we only want good estrogens not bad estrogens video for a whole different day as well rule number seven is you may want to consider taking in 40 milligrams of black cohosh some people call it cohosh cohosh potato potato but basically what it is is it's something you can get in a tea form or a supplement form that is a selective estrogen modulator which means that it goes around it and it can modulate estrogens that are too high so if you take that in tandem with consuming the phytoestrogen in foods you can keep things under control a little bit alright rule number eight dis lip edenia what the heck does that mean there is so much evidence out there and so much just I don't know hogwash out there too talking about how after menopause your lipid profiles get totally messed up you see women after menopause end up with high levels of LDL high levels of actually high levels of HDL too high triglycerides things totally out of whack it is true okay and it has to do with estrogenic modulation again and how that all plays a part but we do need to remember first and foremost the ketogenic diet is going to help you with that because it is going to mobilize the triglycerides for your body to use more and it's going to make it so that the small particle LDL the ones that truly are bad are reduced and you're left with high amounts of the good LDL yes there is good LDL the good LDL that actually carries the fats to the cell to get burned you want to burn more fat you need higher LDL and if you're really concerned about this I've talked about something known as the Mediterranean ketogenic diet which is just like the name implies Mediterranean style eating lower fat in terms of just the saturated fats higher monounsaturated olive oils avocado oils high amounts of fish lean proteins nuts seeds things like that that could be the best diet for you if you're concerned about that you notice your lipids getting out of whack so if you do suffer from post menopausal dis lipedema a Mediterranean ketogenic diet might be the way to go I'll go ahead and I'll link out to that down in the description as well so you can watch the video that kind of breaks down the meal plan and the strategy for that so I know this was in-depth and I know it was maybe more than you bargained for but I hope it helped you out so as always do keep it locked in here in my channel and don't forget to check out thrive market down below in the description I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasDeLauerOfficial [74 likes]: HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY !! Thank you for watching! Hopefully this video helps you along your journey!! Don't forget to LIKE 👍🏻the video and SUBSCRIBE to the channel, if you haven't. Drop any ideas for future videos and/or questions in the COMMENTS below!!👇🏻
  2. @valeriewhorton4013 [1 likes]: Let's keep it simple...God is unkind to women after 35!!!  So frustrating, exhausting
  3. @ConnieBarth-e9n: I am struggling with post menopausal weight!
  4. @michelledickerson7052: What makes you qualified to try to teach women about this?  After menopause we lose all our estrogen - it’s not just ‘lower.’  I’m 72 and I know this.  Please don’t talk about things you don’t know about or understand. 🤦🏼‍♀️
  5. @JustineBourke: I had no problem with keto diet and intermittent fasting until this year when my chronic pain became intense and constant. Now because I can't sleep for more than a few hours and  can't do much of anything because of the pain, I eat to distract myself even after a full fat and protein meal I still crave carbs when I never used to.
  6. @miagarmash8157: Thank you for maintaining the quality and  credibility of the info you share over this many years 🙏
  7. @32flavahs: This is a lot of information in a very short amount of time. I'm grateful but my brain hurts.
  8. @The-Diary-of-a-Scanner: From you tube,it seems that americans dont have access to fresh fish. They see sardines as something coming from a can :D. Here in mediterranean we avoid salmon because its normally not caught in the sea but its grown artificially in Norway,in not so healthy conditions
  9. @kc-n-sassy: the pharmacist at walmart told me to take super b and a tumeric and curcumin vitamins. follow directions on the bottle... not even 1 week no more night sweats!! i have never been so happy to wake up and take them every morning.  I try to eat atleast 6 mussels 2 or 3 days aweek.. i buy 6-10 at a time  i love liver or kidneys,, but i get them fresh from a butcher shop. i was told black kohosh can screw your liver up...just what i read at the doctors office.
  10. @SightlessAndSizzling: Hi Thomas thank you so much for all the advice.  I was on kortisone for a month 49mg a day.  This was in Nov last year.  I am still struggling to lose weight. I am 53 years old. Please I need to lose at least 20kg in 50 days. I have a reunion I am attending. Please save my life.
  11. @sweetrouble420: You just helped me so much. I can't thank you enough for all you do to help us all. ❤
  12. @hremaddox: Thank you so much! I feel like the medical community doesn't care about perimenopausal and menopausal women.  This really helped!
  13. @StompMom5: The only way I manage menopause symptoms is by taking soy pills. I don't do it moderately, I take 3 pills a day. When I run out, I feel it. I'm trying to get back to keto so this is helpful
  14. @PathwayCreatorAcademy: Showing all these young women in this menopause video is so ridiculously stupid. I stopped watching.
  15. @guayabita27able: Thomas thanks for these wonderful tips. Do you have a meal plan for post menopause women I could follow, please? I need help with planning my meals. Thanks!
  16. @TheShumoby: If ovaries quit making estradiol, get HRT estradiol and progesterone 😂. There I solved your menopause
  17. @kandismueller7716: You said 300 mg of K2.  Do you mean mcg?
  18. @kandismueller7716: A bit patronizing - we are old, not stupid.
  19. @annaperez8103: I’ve tried everything, this makes sense can’t wait to try!
  20. @idakate7: You loose me in the technical details.

- Keto Diet Helped Woman Lose 135 Pounds | TODAY: Kind: captions Language: en >>> WELCOME BACK. >>> WELCOME BACK. THIS WEEK, WE’VE BEEN TRYING TO THIS WEEK, WE’VE BEEN TRYING TO HELP YOU "TAKE IT OFF TODAY" HELP YOU "TAKE IT OFF TODAY" WITH INCREDIBLE STORIES OF WITH INCREDIBLE STORIES OF PEOPLE DROPPING WEIGHT AND PEOPLE DROPPING WEIGHT AND TURNING THEIR LIFE AROUND. TURNING THEIR LIFE AROUND. >> THIS MORNING, WE HAVE A GREAT >> THIS MORNING, WE HAVE A GREAT ONE. ONE. A WOMAN THAT HAS HOPE FOR ANYONE A WOMAN THAT HAS HOPE FOR ANYONE WHO HAND FOUND A DIET THAT WHO HAND FOUND A DIET THAT WORKS. WORKS. >> AT HER HEAVIEST, CANDICE >> AT HER HEAVIEST, CANDICE WEIGHED 315 POUNDS. WEIGHED 315 POUNDS. BUT SEVEN SHORT MONTHS LATER, BUT SEVEN SHORT MONTHS LATER, SHE IS A NEW PERSON. SHE IS A NEW PERSON. >> GROWING UP, WEIGHT WAS A BIG >> GROWING UP, WEIGHT WAS A BIG ISSUE FOR ME. ISSUE FOR ME. I’VE TRIED EVERY DIET UNDER THE I’VE TRIED EVERY DIET UNDER THE SUN. SUN. YOU’VE NAMED IT, I’VE DONE IT. YOU’VE NAMED IT, I’VE DONE IT. NOTHING EVER STUCK. NOTHING EVER STUCK. EXERCISING WAS ALWAYS AN EXERCISING WAS ALWAYS AN AFTERTHOUGHT. AFTERTHOUGHT. IN 2016, MY MOM DIED FROM IN 2016, MY MOM DIED FROM CANCER. CANCER. AND MY WORLD FELL APART. AND MY WORLD FELL APART. I WAS SO GRIEF-STRICKEN, THAT I I WAS SO GRIEF-STRICKEN, THAT I THREW MYSELF INTO MY NURSING THREW MYSELF INTO MY NURSING JOB. JOB. ALL I DID WAS EAT, WORK AND ALL I DID WAS EAT, WORK AND REPEAT. REPEAT. AS AS AT MY HEAVIEST, I WEIGHED 315 AT MY HEAVIEST, I WEIGHED 315 POUNDS. POUNDS. TWO YEARS AGO, I WAS A TWO YEARS AGO, I WAS A BRIDESMAID IN A FRIEND’S BRIDESMAID IN A FRIEND’S WEDDING. WEDDING. I GAINED SO MUCH WEIGHT, I HAD I GAINED SO MUCH WEIGHT, I HAD TO WEAR TWO SIZE 14 DRESSES SEWN TO WEAR TWO SIZE 14 DRESSES SEWN TOGETHER. TOGETHER. THAT WAS THE MOMENT I KNEW THAT WAS THE MOMENT I KNEW SOMETHING HAD TO CHANGE. SOMETHING HAD TO CHANGE. SINCE THEN, I’VE BEEN EATING SINCE THEN, I’VE BEEN EATING BETTER, EXERCISING AND TAKING BETTER, EXERCISING AND TAKING CARE OF MYSELF. CARE OF MYSELF. IN TEN MONTHS, I LOST 135 POUNDS IN TEN MONTHS, I LOST 135 POUNDS AND I’M LOVING THE NEW ME. AND I’M LOVING THE NEW ME. >> READY TO SEE CANDICE NOW? >> READY TO SEE CANDICE NOW? 135 POUNDS LIGHTER, OH, CANDICE. 135 POUNDS LIGHTER, OH, CANDICE. [ APPLAUSE ] [ APPLAUSE ] >> THANK YOU SO MUCH. >> THANK YOU SO MUCH. >> INCREDIBLE. >> INCREDIBLE. >> WOW. >> WOW. >> WHAT DOES THIS FEEL LIKE? >> WHAT DOES THIS FEEL LIKE? >> INCREDIBLE. >> INCREDIBLE. THE BEST I’VE EVER FELT IN MY THE BEST I’VE EVER FELT IN MY LIFE EVER. LIFE EVER. AND I’M SO GRATEFUL TO BE ABLE AND I’M SO GRATEFUL TO BE ABLE TO SHARE THIS, WITH EVERYONE. TO SHARE THIS, WITH EVERYONE. I’VE BEEN SMALL BEFORE AND NEVER I’VE BEEN SMALL BEFORE AND NEVER FELT AS INCREDIBLE AS I DO NOW. FELT AS INCREDIBLE AS I DO NOW. THERE’S A DIFFERENCE. THERE’S A DIFFERENCE. >> WHEN YOU MAKE UP YOUR MIND, >> WHEN YOU MAKE UP YOUR MIND, OKAY, IT’S TIME I LOSE THE OKAY, IT’S TIME I LOSE THE WEIGHT. WEIGHT. YOU STEP ON THE SCALE AND IT’S YOU STEP ON THE SCALE AND IT’S 315 POUNDS. 315 POUNDS. IS THAT DAUNTING? IS THAT DAUNTING? HOW DO YOU TAKE THAT FIRST STEP? HOW DO YOU TAKE THAT FIRST STEP? >> IT WAS DEVASTATING. >> IT WAS DEVASTATING. SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO HIT SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO HIT ROCK-BOTTOM TO KNOW WHERE YOU ROCK-BOTTOM TO KNOW WHERE YOU NEED TO GO. NEED TO GO. AND AFTER SEEING THAT AND AND AFTER SEEING THAT AND FEELING THAT ISOLATION AND FEELING THAT ISOLATION AND DEPRESSION AND EMBARRASSMENT, I DEPRESSION AND EMBARRASSMENT, I KNEW THAT I HAD TO MAKE A KNEW THAT I HAD TO MAKE A CHANGE. CHANGE. ESPECIALLY BECAUSE MY BLOOD ESPECIALLY BECAUSE MY BLOOD PRESSURE WAS SO HIGH. PRESSURE WAS SO HIGH. I WAS IN STROKE RANGE AS A I WAS IN STROKE RANGE AS A 30-YEAR-OLD WOMAN. 30-YEAR-OLD WOMAN. I GOT FRIGHTENED AT THAT POINT. I GOT FRIGHTENED AT THAT POINT. MADE IT EASIER. MADE IT EASIER. >> YOU TALKED ABOUT THE LOSS OF >> YOU TALKED ABOUT THE LOSS OF LOSING YOUR MOM. LOSING YOUR MOM. A LOT OF PEOPLE CAN RELATE TO A LOT OF PEOPLE CAN RELATE TO THE EMOTIONAL EATING. THE EMOTIONAL EATING. TELL ME, HOW DID YOU TAKE THE TELL ME, HOW DID YOU TAKE THE FIRST STEP? FIRST STEP? WHAT DID YOU DO? WHAT DID YOU DO? >> THE FIRST THING I DID, WAS >> THE FIRST THING I DID, WAS START DIETING AS I KNEW HOW, START DIETING AS I KNEW HOW, WHICH WAS LOW-CALORIE AND WHICH WAS LOW-CALORIE AND LOW-FAT. LOW-FAT. I DIDN’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT I DIDN’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT KETOGENIC UNTIL A COUPLE MONTHS KETOGENIC UNTIL A COUPLE MONTHS LATER. LATER. ONCE I FOUND THAT, IT WAS THE ONCE I FOUND THAT, IT WAS THE DIFFERENCE. DIFFERENCE. I WAS ABLE TO ADD THINGS TO MY I WAS ABLE TO ADD THINGS TO MY DIET, I HAD TAKEN OUT, LIKE DIET, I HAD TAKEN OUT, LIKE CHEESE. CHEESE. I DIDN’T FEEL DEPRIVED ANYMORE. I DIDN’T FEEL DEPRIVED ANYMORE. THAT’S WHAT A LOT OF US FEEL THAT’S WHAT A LOT OF US FEEL WHEN WE’RE DIETING. WHEN WE’RE DIETING. I’M MISSING OUT. I’M MISSING OUT. AND I FOUND A DIET WHERE I FELT, AND I FOUND A DIET WHERE I FELT, WOW. WOW. >> I’VE BEEN DOING KETO, AS >> I’VE BEEN DOING KETO, AS WELL. WELL. LET’S LOOK AT WHAT YOU’RE DOING. LET’S LOOK AT WHAT YOU’RE DOING. WHAT’S INTERESTING ABOUT IT, I WHAT’S INTERESTING ABOUT IT, I FOUND ONE OF THE THINGS I HAD TO FOUND ONE OF THE THINGS I HAD TO FIGHT WAS EVERYBODY’S FIGHT WAS EVERYBODY’S PRECONCEIVED NOTIONS ABOUT PRECONCEIVED NOTIONS ABOUT WHAT’S HEALTHY AND WHAT YOU CAN WHAT’S HEALTHY AND WHAT YOU CAN AND CAN’T EAT. AND CAN’T EAT. >> ABSOLUTELY. >> ABSOLUTELY. THREE MEALS A DAY IS WHAT I THREE MEALS A DAY IS WHAT I START MY CLIENTS AT. START MY CLIENTS AT. I’M COACHING NOW. I’M COACHING NOW. >> GOOD FOR YOU. >> GOOD FOR YOU. >> I COACH NOW. >> I COACH NOW. WE START WITH THREE MEALS AND WE WE START WITH THREE MEALS AND WE TRANSITION INTO INTERMITTEN AND TRANSITION INTO INTERMITTEN AND FASTING. FASTING. >> I AM IN MAINTENANCE MODE AND >> I AM IN MAINTENANCE MODE AND I WORK OUT A LOT. I WORK OUT A LOT. >> YOU EAT ALL THIS IN A DAY? >> YOU EAT ALL THIS IN A DAY? >> OH, YEAH. >> OH, YEAH. >> THIS IS A LOT OF MEAT. >> THIS IS A LOT OF MEAT. >> AND EGGS AND VEGETABLE FAT >> AND EGGS AND VEGETABLE FAT WITH AVOCADO. WITH AVOCADO. >> I DO MY EGGS. >> I DO MY EGGS. YOUR AVOCADO IS YOUR HEALTHY YOUR AVOCADO IS YOUR HEALTHY FAT, AS WELL AS YOUR BACON. FAT, AS WELL AS YOUR BACON. >> BACON IS HEALTHY FAT? >> BACON IS HEALTHY FAT? REALLY? REALLY? >> THE FAT YOU NEED IN ORDER TO >> THE FAT YOU NEED IN ORDER TO BURN FOR ENERGY. BURN FOR ENERGY. YOUR BODY SWITCHES FROM BURNING YOUR BODY SWITCHES FROM BURNING CARBS TO BURNING FAT FOR FUEL. CARBS TO BURNING FAT FOR FUEL. >> DO YOU MISS CINNAMON ROLLS >> DO YOU MISS CINNAMON ROLLS AND BREAD? AND BREAD? THIS IS ALL YUMMY. THIS IS ALL YUMMY. BUT A CINNAMON ROLL AT THE END BUT A CINNAMON ROLL AT THE END WOULD BE SO DELIGHTFUL. WOULD BE SO DELIGHTFUL. >> I PROMISE YOU, THE THING I >> I PROMISE YOU, THE THING I MISS THE MOST, YOU WOULD NEVER MISS THE MOST, YOU WOULD NEVER GUESS. GUESS. PEANUT BUTTER AND JELLY PEANUT BUTTER AND JELLY SANDWICH. SANDWICH. I THINK ABOUT THAT A LOT. I THINK ABOUT THAT A LOT. BUT OTHER THAN THAT, IT’S WORTH BUT OTHER THAN THAT, IT’S WORTH IT. IT. >> I’M GETTING TO EAT THINGS >> I’M GETTING TO EAT THINGS THAT I LOVE. THAT I LOVE. >> AND YOU FEEL GREAT. >> AND YOU FEEL GREAT. >> I FEEL AMAZING. >> I FEEL AMAZING. ENERGY, CLARITY, THINGS I’VE ENERGY, CLARITY, THINGS I’VE NEVER FELT BEFORE. NEVER FELT BEFORE. >> AND SOMETHING YOU CAN KEEP UP >> AND SOMETHING YOU CAN KEEP UP WITH. WITH. I’VE NEVER HAD HIGH BLOOD I’VE NEVER HAD HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE IN MY LIFE. PRESSURE IN MY LIFE. NOW, IT’S PERFECT. NOW, IT’S PERFECT. THE PROOF IS IN THE PUDDING. THE PROOF IS IN THE PUDDING. >> YOU CAN’T HAVE PUDDING.

  Top Comments:
  1. @laliblackcastle2779 [2 likes]: I always come back to ketos, because it the easiest for me to stick to
  2. @shazanakhan9807 [2 likes]: Ive lost 105.6lbs, well done 👏
  3. @pueraeternus111 [1 likes]: Can you still drink COKE ZERO on Keto?
  4. @seducedbyskb [1 likes]: I want to lose about 90lbs
  5. @RickBomhof [1 likes]: so you can just eat 2steaks and eggs too right
  6. @AffirmativeAction-dl5zx [1 likes]: She's really beautiful
  7. @MikyARH [1 likes]: She is gorgeous  ❤❤❤❤
  8. @803trends [1 likes]: Where is she in 2024
  9. @brandonscott1103 [1 likes]: 13lbs every month.  Pointless.. keto you should be losing weight rapidly.. 50lbs in less than two months here.
  10. @Gainclaritywithkarina [1 likes]: Wow, amazing❤❤❤❤ love it. The story is inspiring. I am on keto 10th day🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  11. @nevilleaplin7888: well done look fab ❤
  12. @SarangaVlogs: ❤
  13. @lamagnificent9845: But you can’t have pudding!😂😂😂
  14. @casper98204: Blue dress lady comes right out with "That's a lot of meat!" and then "Don't you miss cinnamon rolls?" Unbelievable these negative Nellies.
  15. @FredElizabeth-y1m: Ankunding Point
  16. @RobtSteele-c3p: Powlowski Lodge
  17. @Jennakarpe: What’s wrong with meat? MEAT IS GOOD FOR YOU!!
  18. @arifigueroa7327: Keto is real but this actress AINT. soon as i saw the BACON i was GONE. idc what it "classifys" as or what excuse you use, bacon has NO type of beneficial or healthy aspect to it. Bacon is the most TOXIC food you can put into your body. its literally the ONLY meat that you can FREEZE and it will STILL grow and multiply in bacterias and parasites. pure poision.
  19. @firstgenchevelleman: Just take ozempic and keep eating like garbage
  20. @patriciaconway943: Unbelievable ❤❤❤❤❤

- 7 Mistakes People Over Age 50 Make with the Keto Diet: Kind: captions Language: en the glances scrolling sticks in you can make over the age of 40 is by a red comfort double tap dur parable becomes [Music] hope for you participates shuttle at in if there is just got some very calm and over 40 kilos mistakes well who already make mistakes oxxio app people was ideal bar where mother over fifty-somethings is a hit mistakes action potentials namely a again off and white piel family had to fragment and there is enormous limpens on electrolyte smiley including tess could you been very very careful and nursing language reflex in her energy ace live itch over the hedge fifty we in the feeling for the long down and hobbies german flew innergy special air force star 10 kilos another historian paul originally krishna mentally is a the family and grande which version I waist alarm narrow lord energy and war performance is chloe associate with louis to us on sony my potassium and by simply adding sorry my bag a container is a piece correct that energy and the performance issues this seems to be more powerful in people over these fifty pro league i got it easier than those electrolytes so weapons menu first aikido special yancham have influence neville fast come down a high-resolution water and mini-selection lightwood out of mine or something remember the arm rather carbohydrate there darling login untangle bayens to partly carbohydrates like to read my grandmother forever young grammar carbohydrates oil carbohydrates and those client and store slower milou they were warm white and online theory lesson can be so nice light such an expensive finish electrolyte however much ikea he ludo finds you go to overboard drop by or call and singles orientation and magnesium so nothing man is super porn suddenly consuming family biopower isolate in the day two things happen to gliding cher ami basement pharmacy my home since today she probably know the session the long have like breakfast in bed is telegraph essence is much higher professional kilo also makes a field rcc the so that easygrip in the morning and just have something very very lightly gorge youtube youtube comment usta calories closer to the morning the door loop wrap investigation publicist arine demonstrated that asthma below arthur video action game more a beautiful hotel is neat the with of the society min 2 as who there among whom duplo lover circadian rhythm more and more and more omar the knives push marco now indeed so function in a more ball machine allah the store for the divide the journal of clinical study manager at the monsieur le duc wind galleries breast adwords the later paul idea it resulted in singapore sleep the dog cart jerry another stones showing you sure your gallery snugger six hours the parts to book for six hours you resulting in the restoration or are you looking for that place jeans sorry naomi the sleep a test new york labels can restore sam on the jean expression associate with regulating have there are has he a regular circadian rhythms the you with hubble singlet with a line with her in that stoked family feeling you people and the squire gordon I am teacher barry boring tomorrow the best she possibly is simply and more is in the morning okay dbc my blog with an der havel gave for 5th rickety that without an object because he walked percent of both of your daily courtney juni the steps was a genius the city fund to all caroline step is to all especially stateless galleries the home in the fine thor 3 in the time in movement my ex-husband is a super super and porn and iphones cliché who plays and sings aluminium pointing to ideas on stage vegetables is not just a mental and general bikes absolutely breathing of for people the overflow the age of for things by history procedure to nature with apples and the iphones so fascinating got something wrapped clean microbiology cozy night raw bite roo bar to those burgers lilas actually apple inc it always with must have that fair microbiological the script for as oh how sweet and with aging in the visuals is that now not to be missed smartphone and took once the ability to her body to add right the microphone for hitzone individually so unique is min ah basic 9 keeley who for microbiology a new single idea of biker afraid to in jerry who deploy is is that the uniqueness demonstrates the right buddy's barbie in flexible and adjusting the microbiome the winch a tube comrade also correct insufficiency is a province of bari that uniqueness becomes very important bobby haptic bracelets fuel to grow min instagram i think that the fertilizer like the primary fibres and starts is that understanding of veggies it like a guinea pig bill gates dream was nice to give my body says oh i manage your problem when allah pvv bacteria right now be unhappy want those the graphics the skyline fiverr blocks that part of it for lessons uniqueness we so royal days primary fibers diggle bug in a program that moment and began his very in poland over the age of 40 hits and porn all the time you die on dft iwork and in citroën disembodied for the checked and a big and that's not going to solve our problems i had to his death note edge in that who they the priv alexander production house a what without arrogance other hairstyle zoë go goes it goes t so also a survive the room the game will be better and your the private colonization show potential you a beautiful bacteria become lily this the show it is inboxing house the primary fibres and can help you get polling becomes nothing to grow to grab you the airpix and for this channel you feel my love my videos in the views that johannes 15 and c fifty percent those men check them out zoom I think you so see subject amiga bamboo me so nothing tomorrow is can there an alarm people's already in the schedule thatcher this fact that naked for the river finch in her little mouth the frodo high cholesterol concern tanker truck and okay set reset inl mw cholesterol what is usually the simple revision terms of bald and hello ria sign rather in all this was not work i bought at the gas ldl all conversation real those guys use an alarming particle size fluffy extra flaps innovative steps gimborn red what school the fraction just the taking on the what's not worry what there took the bottom line is that north at you leave a that is a type tomorrow 11 more thatcher de vaart x valuable galleries ow from free be coming in with nutritional value so yes sherif there is apparently already placeholder reely alcide of migration and helping the numbers run the highway you luminus benefit the anymore where the first longer perfetta solid more oh oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh my 20th century that percent add your daily intake gram of south Sudan Olympic pitcher form for saying book tip of an evolution your stamp and mary restyling spudgy to lure testes so make sense I have here in feudum years ago you for humor in a timer who we go into the doge and I stick I my baby cheese sausage arm okay the kilojoule xt is every starling or the private carbohydrates in the winter time you have there quickly other planets and more lionel not and hunting ball ds music and swingline family and fight for meat pie studies create a mystery jquery the mysteries to wild animals f3 the four times to laugh at wynn the myth work consuming needle domestic in such a marshall s5 okay well or so singular les thatcher nota instinctive no monopoly and thatcher versions of marlon thatcher fat so from and evolutionary senpai yes but arjuna blocks time has mother in the floor natural title unix-time and we consuming not really really be very far for as against the bus driver in fact must be you in my god who on save' I am on linear cooking just as climate switch paula the champagne sat yes how you then not the library lord marine site refer to the developers innovate or of a time massage bar there is perfect mothers or million half mono and thatcher in fact downtown famous had more points to win action lee gets more adhd verse that number 5 and with the station briefly giving you know video share to my big five puzzles less fast yesterday i used microbial in clare buy online with rational team edge to many people come back neoliberal enthusiasm nurse takes he me no one my senior officials meter wide with the reality is there is evanescence on the microphone the letters for this talent first say was still what the [ __ ] you where he marine bring with high narrator sphere hyperfree tanks exceptions deaf gamers live earth for you may be more hungry and now all that dopamine Klaas and you already mentioned the city the clean and tidy via potentially test channels park in the price so is herein along concludes state that we find us so crazy barry magenta big mistake picasso metabolism slowing ezgi roller must your nationality the last June is craving moving on focusing on the steel only braham oriente peking new day daz memo not from someone like mushrooms a scoop reporter with ajax this game kate donahue page and the scalar deuce billions benefit stars inspection because I see that you a I who outside how your skill changes and some these benefits of never one via precursor the hollywood with my god okay so dystonia pro strongly heard who unrespected kilo that minute after minute shirt in galleries balls king aikido was just dance effective and are very long gallery 12 other gallery nike through that happy working time to dry baby are improving and sponsorship not that right now the muse direction galleries just going to do and this same or effect and are becomes it now became a family galleries the 12 others bring what into the world operator system ecommerce imogen fill comedy all jean or other local region in tai chi birch original local 3 that on the cm color value was different 3 times there are using this role models haba anyway go to do you could potentially future with rood levels which are largely inflammatory league I call I underneath then difficult with but is more chronic inflammation so expensive are likings colonel figures difference okay who crack the snakes and then there's and I have him there balls free more than my congo framework to microsoft type cover letter in the better fashion little ah practice mount rings and sodium benzoate time over pippi hello children leave it now it up reserves what there are seriously took all games day and actors in everybody wallonia for shiggity glasses independiente the city live and against spain who parties who is underneath les efficient and less abundant my younger to start welding push youtube process view leen's tumor growth but never i have under journal of food biochemistry of the sodium benzoate of exar mark hello dna captcha mark under the panoramic roof other was both and the extreme myremote-app share this effect hallmark could reproduce and I a display jean-marc entrance sushumna table tube process energy while we basically accelerating cellular a thing here in the sorry am I ran to adwords of history potterson biochemistry madison and more beam biology the teeth sodium benzoate in gb in the park variation destination for some in that news that the sleeper slow down the bill the floor the cells with in deliver to process stands and happens to him in the ketones literally potential lowerings wicker furniture means what will the of tags be my image a copy of shirt your in from so so also no so that soe dingeman jerry wants so because you the high-level they both hydroxy neighbors ketones to you that la la petite jolie plants at student sodium benzoate come in in the [ __ ] avocado sauce at bottom line is the still not the free teach you and i hope this video perilla steps he was you tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasDeLauerOfficial [30 likes]: Free Keto Diet Meal Plan (downloadable): https://thomasdelauer.lpages.co/real-person-keto/
Free Intermittent Fasting Meal Plan (downloadable): https://thomasdelauer.lpages.co/fastandfeast/
  2. @lucbinh_tim [2 likes]: Your speed of speech is ways too fast. Slow down and you may habe more audiences. 😊
  3. @KetoCookbooksCorner [1 likes]: It's crucial to understand how our bodies change with age and how that impacts our dietary choices. Your suggestions for avoiding these mistakes are practical and informative. Thank you for sharing your knowledge 😊
  4. @jenmdawg [1 likes]: Please discuss what products have sodium benzonate!
  5. @arnoldcastillo2054: As always, fantastic video filled with treasures of info.
  6. @cindybentley5673: 😂
  7. @chrisoc3370: I keep hearing doing keto over 50 as a woman isn’t sustainable and it could screw with our hormones?
  8. @Swenser: Interesting topic. I've jumped back on keto but not feeling as good as when I was younger on keto. I guess that's just aging. Anyway will push on.
  9. @jossettelee7809: Thank You!!!!
  10. @MrJoeyelias: Sweeteners are my nemesis
  11. @robinfinney296: Thanks!
  12. @DR3itmatters: This was fascinating and helpful! Thank you😊
  13. @punta102: Yes, last 50000 years have been less fatty meats, but our ancestors have been hunting fatty megafauna 2-3 milions years ago. So enuf saturated fatt is not problem for humans.
  14. @heyhey2828: Noted. Blue convertible
  15. @lynnwilliams5432: Salt just NaCl is amazing to lift you in the afternoon especially if you’ve exercised.
  16. @miss_iyer: Love the intro! Watching for my mother 😂❤
  17. @karenchamps9087: Isn’t everyone aging?
  18. @genemalone7469: Can you be on the keto diet long term?  Been on it 3 weeks, my sister said you shouldn't be on for a long time.
  19. @swim610: 40s too!
  20. @bonnie_gail: thank you !!

- 7 Steps to Starting the KETO DIET (Easy & HEALTHY): Kind: captions Language: en Hey, this is dr. berry, so you've decided to give the ketogenic way of eating a try I'm glad I hope that you will share this video and invite a friend to do this with you any kind of weight loss journey improvement in your health It's so much easier and so much more fun If you do it with a friend, so feel free to share this video with someone and say hey Let's keto together. Now. This video is gonna be about the 7 very first steps To converting from the standard American diet or the standard Western diet over to the healthy Ancestrally appropriate ketogenic diet and so I'm going to keep this video very very simple and very basic I have many other videos about the ketogenic way of eating on this channel I have a whole playlist called keto 101 and so if you're brand new to this and you want to learn how to keto properly Keto 101 is the resource. You want to check out. So let's go through the seven steps of Starting the keto diet Step number one is to remove all sugars of all kinds from your diets There are so many people who know that sugar and the sugar bowl and and sugar that they add to their coffee That's bad for you. We all know that the sugar in donuts the sugar and pastries all that stuff's bad for you you know that but a lot of people think that the sugar in Organic agave nectar is good for them. But it's not it's just sugar. A lot of people think that a locally sourced organically produced Honey is very good for you. I don't believe it is at all. I think it's nothing but sucrose and fructose Which are sugars and so all that stuff needs to be taken out of your diet whether the food Manufacturer added the sugar or the restaurant added the sugar or you added the sugar. It's still sugar it all needs to go That's that point and that's that's honestly the most important step many people just by going and doing step one They'll start to feel better immediately. That's how powerful step one is step two is almost as powerful and that is to remove all Grains from your diets and so the most common grains would be wheat Rice oats corn all those need to go. None of those are Containing a nutrition that you can't get better from another source All of them are very inflammatory to your gut. Some people have immediate obvious Inflammation if they eat grains other people the inflammation is much more subtle it may not show up in the gut it may show up as inflammation in a joint or inflammation in the skin, but To be it to be on a truly healthy ketogenic diet. You have to remove all grains from your diets now that obviously Includes the grains in processed foods that you would get in a cardboard box or a plastic bag, but it also includes organic stone-ground grains as well Grains in order for them to be healthy for human beings to eat it all have to go through a multi-step process Of soaking and sprouting before they're even remotely healthy for human beings I would say let's just dispense with all that trouble and not eat grains. It's very easy to do There's still thousands of foods. You can enjoy on a ketogenic diet so step two get rid of all the grains step three is to remove all Factory seed oils or vegetable seed oils from your diets Now the manufacturers love to call these vegetable oils, even though there are no vegetables in these oils These are canola oil which comes from the rapeseed plant. This is corn oil This is soybean oil. This is safflower. This is peanut oil all of these have a terrible omega-6 to omega-3 ratio They're all inflammatory in nature. They're going to inflame your gut for other parts of your body also all margarine needs to go in the garbage don't even give that to your neighbor all shortening vegetable shortening canned Crisco Country Crock, I can't believe it's not butter all that's crap You need to throw that away you need and donate that ever again, even if you stopped eat. Oh, please never eat Industrial factory processed seed oils again. They're very bad for your body That's step three step four is you have to stop being afraid of good healthy fat This would include butter G bacon grease beef tallow avocado oil olive oil these are natural oils that you don't have to go to a factory to get you can actually Make these oils in your own home with the royal supplies And so obviously those are much more ancestrally appropriate our ancestors have made oils from these sources For hundreds and even thousands of years. They're very easy to do. They don't involve any Chi in hexane any Detergents any of that kind of stuff you just make the oil from the the oily source, right? So stop being afraid of these fats. These fats are not going to Lower your HDL. They're not gonna raise your triglycerides. They're not gonna raise your a 1c They're only going to move your markers for chronic disease in the right direction. Okay? Step number five is to stop being afraid of salt salt is good for you all mammals from the smallest to the largest Love salt and need salt there is a reason that animals will walk miles to lick on a Salty rock and that's because all mammals need salt if you prick your finger and you taste the blood It's very very salty. That's okay. That's normal. We are salty creatures Okay, stop being afraid of salt now I want you to not just thoughtlessly use the table salt that comes out of the umbrella girl container Don't thoughtlessly use the salt that they give you at the restaurant because they're gonna buy the cheapest variety They can find use a good quality Rock salt that's been mined from deep under the ground. That's the safest and it has the most minerals Okay, and I'll put a link down below to a salt just like that The next step is to eat whole real foods The ketogenic way of eating is becoming very popular and therefore people are starting to make keto products keto bars keto shakes keto powders keto ready-made meals Yeah, okay. That's probably better than eating a Snickers bar but how about we just follow step six and focus on eating real whole foods that don't have a Right, cuz if you buy a t-bone, it's just beef. That's it There's no added nothing else, right if you just buy broccoli, then it's broccoli. That's a that's a real whole food And so for at least a few first few months of your ketogenic journey, I want you to really focus on step 6 Which is eating real whole ketogenic foods, okay? And then step 7 is that you have to mind your electrolytes? you have to make sure you're getting plenty of sodium plenty of chloride plenty of magnesium and plenty of Potassium these are very important. They're vital for your good health. They're vital to keep you from having keto flu They're vital for helping you feel your best now fifty thousand years ago. We got all the minerals We need from from drinking water out of Streams and rivers and lakes and all those minerals those water sources are rich in minerals But I wouldn't recommend drinking those these days You can just get a good product that has all four in them or you can buy several cheap products that have them in them individually and I'll put a link down below to the electrolytes I use and so Those are the first seven steps. This is very simple and if you follow these steps and Check out my Aikido 101 series, which is gonna pop up either here here I can never remember in a second. Then. You can make the ketogenic way of eating the healthiest Easiest most sustainable diet that you've ever eaten in your life It can become the permanent way that you eat And you can reap all the health benefits from that now if you enjoyed this video Please take one second and consider Clicking that subscribe button and the little Bell button right beside it that way every time I get a bright idea You'll be one of the very first to know Okay and If you have found that my videos have helped you some in some small way and you'd like to join our keto family and help Me have more time to make videos just like this one. Click on my patreon link It's right down there in the in the show notes You can sign up very quickly and throw a book or two my way to help me have more time to make videos Just like this one. This is dr. Berry. I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @freddiemeador4915 [762 likes]: After my daughter talked me into Keto by watching your YouTube video, I’ve gone from an A1C of 9.8 to 5.6 while stopping my 90 units of insulin a day. I’ve cut out fluid meds and cut blood pressure meds in half all while losing 46 lbs. this all happened in 60 days. Thank you Dr. Ken.
  2. @FlavioBakut [6 likes]: This video slapped my confusion right out of me.
  3. @JgdyhdRfhjhvg [5 likes]: I was so lost I needed a map, but this video was the GPS.
  4. @WalterAishadf [3 likes]: I can’t believe how simple you made this!
  5. @Victoriaearth143 [1 likes]: I guess my popcorn is out?
  6. @ElizabethWallace-b8v [1 likes]: Only person who makes the keto diet doable and simple!
  7. @TheFiown [1 likes]: I listened to the wrong people and over years stopped meat, eggs, dairy and salt. Next year, I am going keto, I want to lose ten kilos to feel better, not to obtain a better dress size. I am 170 in height for 85 kilos and was slim most of my life until I hit 60. I am 70. It is going to be tough to get used to meats and eggs again but I will slowly transition until the end of the year so as not to shock my system, then go keto in january. Time will tell.
  8. @galations22o: This aged well!
  9. @Happymama2love: Is dairy ok?
  10. @jillgranzien7297: In other words don’t always believe what most doctors tell you to eat. Find an holistic doctor
  11. @tuyendo7409: KETO
  12. @gw5309: If it's in a package and it says "keto" it almost certainly IS NOT.
  13. @gavkinn: Dr Berry what about if I am at CKD Stage 3a, Creatinine 139, Fatty Liver, Sarcopenia, Keto goal. Is Keto safe?
  14. @sunitakumari-y8n8o: This was incredibly powerful and helpful!
  15. @Victoriaearth143: I have epilepsy.  It should help.
  16. @TanyaRamos-r1d: 60 days in and all
My bald spots grew back in
  17. @Dstylz: Honey is in the bible as a healthy food
  18. @RheaBeck: After my daughter talked me into Keto by watching your YouTube video, I’ve gone from an A1C of 9.8 to 5.6 while stopping my 90 units of insulin a day. I’ve cut out fluid meds and cut blood pressure meds in half all while losing 46 lbs. this all happened in 60 days. Thank you Dr. Ken.
  19. @ksbma: how will I be able to tell if something I consume is causing me inflammation?
  20. @JadienWinter: 1:no sugar 
2:no grain 
3: no factory seed oil 
4:eat healthy fatty oil 
5:use salt 
6:eat real ketogenic whole food 
7:mind your electrolytes

- Keto Diets and Active Women Over 50 | Flipping 50 TV 27: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi I'm Deborah Atkinson and you're watching flipping 50 TV the place to reset tune-up and prepare for your second and better half with the vitality and the energy that you want in every episode I answer questions from women just like you about what they're struggling with most and I share how to move how to eat and when and simple safe sane daily flips that you can make so you can get the most results in the least amount of time and I'd love to hear from you send your question to flipping 50 tv.com and if I choose your question for the show I'm gonna send you some juicy gift so I'll tell you a little bit more about later but even if I don't choose your question you'll get my muscles in minutes a guide to toning up those hard to tone areas right away just as my thanks for sending your question so today's question comes from catherine who writes how did nutrition requirements differ when training for an endurance event she's 61 and she's been training for a triathlon or thinking about it for about a year and wonders if this also applies to any Endurance's sport like hiking kayaking cross-country skiing as well as triathlon first I love that Catherine is 61 and starting something entirely new and yet tune in if you're thinking I'm not a triathlete this is not my jam stay tuned because cross-training is great for anybody and all of the things I'm going to share with Catherine could apply for you too so before we go too far Catherine is trying a keto diet and it's part of the reason she asked so let's start by defining keto because that's what Catherine's been doing and what prompted her question and then we'll know how does keto apply to exercise endurance and you and today is chalk talk we're going to talk about three pieces we're gonna talk about minute made in how muscles and an athlete is made in the kitchen and we're gonna talk about muscles in minutes how to spare muscle loss that can happen when you're doing a lot of endurance triathlon or any other kind of endurance exercise and last we're gonna touch on best rest and how important that is to Katherine or to you if you're watching and you want to maintain your lean muscle tissue and get rid of fat what is Kido there are a lot of diets flying around there but let's define keto basically it's meant to bring you into ketogenesis where your body can burn fat for a few off and here's how it works it's a high fat 60 to 80 percent fat which is significantly higher than a lot of us were raised on living with plus it's very low carb and moderate levels of protein so here's what happens and the theory behind it we're trying to get your body to go from ifs preference to burning carbohydrates and the way carbohydrates are stored in your muscle to using fat we want to shift it so that if you're a triathlete or anybody who's doing endurance activity your body burns fat and you don't have to worry so much about eating while you're literally on the run or on a bike or swimming you've got plenty of fuel because most of us let's face it have plenty of fat but here's the theory it's not easy and your body is just as lazy as most of the rest of us really would be left to our own devices so it's easy for your body to use carbohydrates for fuel hard for your body to use fat it's definitely possible to shift to becoming more of a fat burner then a sugar burner or a carbohydrate burner but it takes a little time so you want to start doing low level activities because at low levels of activity we burn the most fat for fuel in fact right now I'm burning about 99% fat for fuel how well is that working for all of us right so if low level of exercise burned the most fat we'd all be skinny right so the problem is we burn it so slowly so the key is to teach your body how to use fat for fuel when you're working at higher and higher intensities that does take some time and it can be really uncomfortable to flip over but Catherine's already got a good head start she's been kind of thinking about this for a year what I want to tell you though is any diet you're on any restrictive diet and keto is really restrictive robs you up some micronutrients so if you're not getting certain things in you're not getting the micronutrients from those certain foods so here's what I want you to keep in mind everything we do from exercise from keto a keto diet and Catherine's sake to stress anybody got some stress out there all of those things and more rob us or deplete daily micronutrients that we may be taking in from our diet or not so just take a look at this so exercise will deplete and I'm not talking about endurance alone if you go to Zumba three times a week it still depletes some micronutrients good habits deplete micronutrients they robbed us of some a B vitamins C magnesium calcium and plenty of others but I'm gonna focus on these important ones and here's why as we get to a keto diet if you're tempted and you're doing a higher fat moderate protein low carbohydrate diet yourself even if it's not quote-unquote keto that also robs you of B vitamins calcium and magnesium now let's talk about stress got stress that robs us of a B vitamins calcium and magnesium do you see the pattern here so by the end of the day we've lost significant amounts of B vitamins of calcium and magnesium across the board so you want to be taking a little quiz of the same type to look at what am I taking in what am I missing and what are my daily activities that might be to plea to me Kathryn and I are gonna head to the kitchen to talk a little bit more about supplements that you might want to look at and what our high quality supplements that you might want to be taking in muscles in minutes we're going to go through a little routine and then we'll show her how to get some bed rest let's head into the kitchen okay Kathryn in this segment of Minute Maid we're gonna cover how do we replace or replenish the micronutrients that we either might be missing or depleting with our activities of endurance exercise and the keto diet so no matter what if you're listening at home and you're eating a certain way invariably you're cutting out certain foods from your diet or you just don't have enough time and access to get them every day so really high quality multivitamin is important but it is not that one time a day vitamin of your past so I've got a couple of options here these two are both built smarter and that's what you want too so these are multivitamins that are taken say in the morning and in the evening you can also find some that need to be taken four times a day to be your 1 daily dose now I know myself well enough to know I would miss the 2nd and the 3rd because I'm not gonna carry them with me in my purse and remember to take them so I stick with a multivitamin that has to be taken AM and PM and that's not the same as taking one and cutting it in half they've actually been built so that the micronutrients in the pills don't compete with each other and actually this is a pill and this is a powder so if you'd prefer to stir it up into a liquid and drink it with your first glass of water in the morning that's an option and I'll link to these in the show notes and the other things you want to make sure that you're taking is I'm a huge fan of Omega threes even if you love fatty fish including Omega 3s on a daily basis helps you reduce your inflammation and that's really important whether you have a key joints or arthritis or you're training a lot so I bump this up and take more than what's on the bottle myself so think about your own knees and what you need to do and I take mine with D so that I don't have to take another form of that supplement because it's also one that's much needed then I take magnesium and there are three different types of magnesium I'm gonna link to them in the show notes so you know exactly which one you need to take and then vitamin C is also great for helping reduce inflammation and remember it's one of those things that kept coming up as something we deplete so think about what you need and what you need to take in now let's come back to the real food the fun stuff when you're going on a hike you're doing a big day of 18 or 36 holes of golf and you're walking you're gardening all day or you're kayaking all day those are a long distance long endurance kinds of activities but they're low intensity so remember that you're gonna burn fat so the type of fuel best for that to help you burn more fat while you're doing it is actually fat so you're gonna stick with either it for short duration activities less eating less so just listen to your hunger but when you are hungry you're gonna do nuts seized a lever Oh cashews I love sunflower seeds and a little salt if you're gonna be out there and sweating is probably okay and pumpkin seeds are also great and help reduce inflammation but if you're doing higher intensity like you Catherine before you go for a run or bike or swim your longer endurance activity is actually higher intensity your body member has a preference for carbohydrates so even if you're trying to lose fat and gain your lean you want to let the body start the fire for your exercise with some carbohydrates so some great ways to do it one of my favorites is some harder to euro rice cakes no cardboard okay so these have about 70 calories each they're from Lundberg and they're my lab and then I'll put Sun butter on them no sugar and if you need something few slices of banana can sweeten it up or for on-the-go put that in your pocket I like a low sugar a little bit of protein and a little bit of fat kind of a bar very natural no extra junk so if you're reading the ingredients and you can't pronounce it put it back you're looking for the fewest ingredients the most natural and these are for on-the-go so if you've got something stored in your desk at work these are not your ideal because these are great for exercise but not great for when you're at rest you want to go for those higher fat foods now Catherine you didn't ask me specifically about this but helping you keep that lean muscle is really important we're going to talk about some exercise ways to do that during year-long endurance training too but you can also get some of those micronutrients back in you through real food choosing a protein type a clean type of a protein powder whether it's plant-based because you're vegan or prefer it or you're doing a paleo inspired at least it's just dairy-free soy-free and truly clean but animal or if you know you tolerate dairy pre and post exercise whey protein can be amazing you can add a little fiber and if you're doing keto you may actually need a little bit of fiber because it can lead to some constipation we don't need to talk about that right now but we're going to look at things like an avocado cinnamon adding hace or camu powder coconut gluten-free oats spinach and berries or cherries every single one of those offers anti-inflammation and an oxidant that's gonna help your training and help your health even if you're not training so I'll show you what I mean just a minute okay Catherine so really important I know you're asking about endurance and nutrition but part of that is keeping the nutrition up to keep your lean muscle tissue up so even though you're doing a lot of exercise you're doing a lot of exercise on a bike and in the pool which can also affect your bone density so let's talk about the whole package because you're exercising to be healthier overall so we don't want what you're doing temporarily to affect you negatively long term so want you to make sure that you're flipping a little bit of that endurance exercise for some strength training exercise and you're gonna end up getting to the starting line a little fresher and it's always better to show up a little under train versus overtrained and it's always a fine line of which am i doing so strength training is a way to grab power without breaking down muscles but I want to show you how to use three exercises you're gonna use a squat some kind of a bent over row or bent arm pull over for your back and a chest press in a way that you reach fatigue with a slightly heavier weight or a little bit of power I'm going to show you what the teague looks like and anybody listening at home needs to watch this - so just finishing with ten or fifteen repetitions does not mean that you necessarily reached fatigue so watch what happens when I lift this kettlebell as my chest press exercise to fatigue what I'm gonna do here is go a little slow power up but come slow on the way down and that will mean that you can take a little lighter weight and still make it help you reach fatigue without having to do any more than 30 you never want to do that many so I'll give you a little disclaimer right here I cannot count and Q at the same time but that's about five and exhale as you come up so while you're doing a chest press you can actually do this on the floor like I am you could use a bench or you could use a ball but if you're trying to use a heavy weight I would recommend not using a ball because you're gonna use a lot of muscles on a ball and you may think okay that sounds great but the ones you truly want to fatigue to help you gain metabolism won't actually get the fatigue they need because everything else is a package deal so when you're wanting to focus on core or you're wanting to focus on a functional workout using a ball can be a great idea but when you really want to see metabolism change you want to have a stable surface the floor or event better choice okay so can you see that I'm beginning to struggle exhaling on the way up we're probably not quite 220 push up and easy slow on the way down this part when you're pushing a weight up we're lifting it's called concentric contraction lowering down called the e centric and there is a lot of work happening right there and I can tell you that I am just about done when you start to cheat you feel like you're gonna use something you shouldn't to help you do the exercise that's what we're calling temporary fatigue and/or you get sloppy and I'm just about there so I'm going to stop that's true fatigue so we want you to do that with all those major muscle groups just three chest press a back exercise and a leg exercise all the way through your training twice a week and you'll be covered not lose any muscle mass by the end of your training now let's stand up I'm going to show you two drills that you can do that are more functional the closer you get to the race day Catherine the closer you get to race day the less you want to do that heavy weighted to fatigue and the more you want to do some more functional workouts very sports specific so I'm gonna give you two drills and you could do these all the way through but you're gonna start dropping off that heavier more power work because you're gonna be doing more endurance training and you don't want to over train so the first one is just a lunge so you get back into a runner's lunge but you're also using those arms just the same way you use them when you run so it can't all be endurance exercise got to do a little strength so what I'm really doing here is pushing through the glute over here as I come up to standing squeeze and hold work on a great form and work on getting those arms nice and fluid and you're using your core while you're doing that you want to work up to about 15 repetitions on either side second drill you're gonna put your foot somewhere now I'm gonna be careful and not put it through the window and you want to step out far enough that your weight is on your heel not on the ball of your foot so that you can go down and up and keep that what we're looking for in running is a stable lower body and a mobile upper body so here we go and if you're trying this at home whether you're a triathlete or not we all need this spend a lot of time at a desk when you're not writing the desk want you to try this one so remember this it can get backwards when you're down your arms are over the leg and you're gonna do about 15 of those on both legs and that's a set start with one set of each you can work your way up to a second set and a third set and that's it Catherine in this last segment best Rest it's all about making sure that you are reaching your nutritional needs and recovering and here's one way to tell so it's really important to measure your resting heart rate first thing in the morning and do that for three to five days in a row before you start your training and then in the middle of your training and at the end of your training you're gonna have a good benchmark for comparison's sake but here's what you may find if you can't get your heart rate elevated while you're exercising or if your heart rate is too elevated in the morning when you wake up say after a particularly hard workout or a hard week worth of workout that's a sign that you're not recovering really well and that's not just about training so it's about your training it's also about your sleep and how much time you actually spend putting your feet up just like this and how well your nutrition is meeting your nutritional needs so all of that encompassing is recovery but here's another way to check so not just monitoring that heart rate but monitoring what we call heart rate variability so if you're really geeking whether you're recovering or not you can check on that very much like you check your heart rate by wearing a monitor you put on a heart rate variability monitor and look at what's happening with your heart rate first thing in the morning so once you wake up you then put the heart rate monitor on and lay back down just to settle your heart rate back in when you're at horizontal it's gonna be at the lowest it is so let's say for instance you have a heart rate of 60 beats per minute now a lot of us would think okay that probably means you have one second between each of those feats but not necessarily true and heart rate variability when it's maybe point eight between some beats and it's one point two between others and one second between others is actually ideal that means you're really recovered if you've got exactly the same increment of time between each beat it may mean you're overtraining so when you really want to take a look at not just what's going on with your heart rate and what your beats per minute is but what's going on with heart rate variability now you have a really good snapshot of how well you're recovering and meeting all of your needs including nutritional ones and Kathryn here's the flip of the day for you and for everybody out to watching it's never too late to learn new tricks Kathryn thanks so much for sending your question it was great and I want to see a picture of the finish line and now I'd really love to hear from you send me your question - flipping 50 tv.com if I choose your question for the show we're gonna send you a full-size trio of products from Ann Marie skincare I'm gonna give you access to my signature course the after 50 fitness formula for women and the bone health mini course is tucked right in that plush you'll get my book you still got it girl the after 50 fitness formula for women course even if I can't choose your question for the show and I can't choose everybody's I'm gonna send you my muscles in minutes guide for toning those hard to tone areas and if you have cellulite you're gonna love it just does my thanks for sending your question what are you waiting for head on over to flipping 50 tv.com and let's start flipping 50 together you

  Top Comments:
  1. @candie5150 [2 likes]: Love your channel. Definitely need a new chalk board, lol 😊
  2. @heatherjane910 [2 likes]: I get depressed and fatigued on Keto despite supplementing. My brain needs healthy carbs.
  3. @you6382tube [2 likes]: Hard to read and copy the words on that board.   Thanks though for info!
  4. @Darnabymom [1 likes]: Just found your channel and love it. Instead of supplements, I eat a little bit of CALF LIVER PATE each day. I never liked liver as a kid, but I add a lot of pink salt, bacon grease, turmeric and a few other spices. I top with bacon bits I have made. I actually really like it now. It is my favorite thing to have when breaking a fast. I add plain magnesium powders to my daily regime. (malate & glycinate)
  5. @haneyedu [1 likes]: you need a better chalk board
  6. @monica97g [1 likes]: Thank you for all. Your videos, could you give a list of the supplements you talk about here.  Also the different types of magnesium you recommend ?
  7. @rubystone493 [1 likes]: I tried the rice cakes, peanut butter and banana before a 15k run . It's been the only long run where i didnt think about food or felt hungry at the end . Thanks for the tip , good Vid
  8. @anniekostka956: Brilliant video thanks so much. You speak so well and clear just great
  9. @Jewels64: Keto is a heart attack waiting to happen, the most dangerous diet on the planet.
  10. @valexan22: Great video!
  11. @lwma2k971: I'm really not trying to be critical or rude but maybe consider making your videos shorter

- Keto Eating for Beginners. My Rules: Kind: captions Language: en you may have heard me say I won't write a food plan and that's because they won't help you they're expensive complicated and full of way too many net carbs but everyone wants to know especially beginners what do you eat on a ketogenic diet so I'm breaking my word and giving you a day's menu of Keto eating on a keto budget I love a challenge so let's see if I can keep it under $5 so first off my aversion to giving you a menu Isn't because you can't find good ideas it's that it's better to teach you how to think through your food choices than just give you a Mindless list to follow so here's the rules that I teach my patients to think about as they put food in their mouth number one is it nutrient-dense this is the reason that I chirp about sardines on the menu they are Whole Foods they are nutrient dents and your body can absorb those minerals and vitamins so much better I know folks think that the best minerals and vitamins come from fruits and vegetables but especially if you've been around the Sun enough times your gut is very inefficient at absorbing that number two is to keep the food low carb yeah this is total carbohydrates that you're counting not net carbs don't play that game especially when you get into more of the processed ketogenic Foods they use lots of tricks to get that ketogenic word at the top of their title but it isn't keto inside your body adding up total carbohydrates is a bit tricky at first but do this for a week and it really becomes simplified and number three is high fat content if you do not eat fat on a ketogenic diet you're just starving I encourage you to Google the rabbit diet when we're done with this video you'll find that high protein no fat diet starved the patient literally they starve to death keto burns fat for fuel we need you to eat fat to not only get your metabolism going in the right direction but to also suppress that hunger and keep you on on the diet I have a comprehensive online course that teaches you not just how to think through these foods but how to stay consistently keto all right now back to our challenge first part of the day is coffee if you know me that's a given coffee has a decent amount of B vitamins some polyphenols a little magnesium and some pottassium but mostly I just love the taste of coffee my newbies I encourage them to put heavy cream in their coffee and begin their morning with with a fat filled cup of coffee the good news we don't count any carbs in that I like Redmond's salt in my coffee this becomes really important the longer you become keto we're on a budget so pick whatever Salt's in the cupboard but don't skip the salt for breakfast we get to use the hero eggs take six eggs a tablespoon of butter and scramble them up if you need to add vegetables you can add some frozen spinach there take that cheese the block of cheddar cheese I found as the cheapest and instead of having to count that potato starch that's found on shredded cheese I want you to shred your own shredded cheese found in the grocery store is coated with potato starch so skip those carbs Shred the cheese on your own and count that as a very ketogenic beginning to your day if you need a little more food for breakfast you can add a can of sardines let's move on to lunch now I don't believe in three meals a day so let's keep lunch light I tried to add Franks to the menu but but I just couldn't do it yes they're processed but they also have a ton of carbs no matter which brand I looked at so let's move to that high fat low carb and better tasting BR worst with so few carbs per bite you can have two BR worst for lunch now you'll want mustard because ketchup is filled with sugar and we don't allow that here and then I like to add sauerkraut that fermented food does have a few carbohydrates but I'll tell you the longer I've been ketogenic the better I think the taste of fermented foods has become the nutrients found in them is undeniable but it also comes with a better ability to absorb fat all right now for supper Chicken Wings win with zero carbs yes you can buy them at a great price and then you're going to add the things that don't add the carbohydrates that means some of those sauces with honey in it are off the list instead some salt and pepper maybe a spicy rub the air fryer will crisp them up really nicely and they are very satisfying if wings are too much fuss you can simplify this by adding ground beef but it's going to destroy our budget a little bit so I encourage you to at least try having wings at home I recommend a blue cheese sauce and although you can probably get a pretty good sauce for $2 I recommend making one take some sour cream and that blue cheese and then grab the brine from that sauerkraut and mix it up it is fantastic if you want to be a little less carnivore add some celery sticks and you can dip all of those in that blue cheese it's a great meal now if you're new to keto you might be horrified by how fatty this list of foods is but I guarantee that you will be in a state of ketosis in the next 3 days if you stick to the course of something like this you can spice up the budget by having grass-fed and organic foods but either of those high-fat meals are going to reduce the inflammation and this is the reason I am such an advocate for the ketogenic diet the patients that line my exam rooms for years in this Internal Medicine Clinic are suffering from chronic inflammation and it's diets like this that reduce it and keep them out of my waiting room while we tally up how much this day cost us I will warn you that this is a menu for a newbie and most people who've been on that ketogenic diet for weeks and months well they have less hunger they eat less food so you might be able to cut the budget by about a third when we get to the end this online course is what I use to teach my patients how to stay consistently keto how to get to that budget that's about a third less than the one we're tallying up because their volume of food is less they don't believe me at the beginning but if you follow how to stay consistently keto you too can be improving your health one Ketone at a time and reversing those medical problems I'll see you inside the course

  Top Comments:
  1. @samanthacarolinah-g9c [1 likes]: I’m incredibly impressed by your skill and clarity!
  2. @rodneyfordham3946: What awesome. Too fast, poor detail
  3. @emcarver8983: Seriously. if you're not used to it, limit the olive oil and sardines. I eat them most days, but sardines in olive oil make me 🤢 it's far too much at once, if you're not used to it, especially if it's your first meal of the day
  4. @emcarver8983: I'm 78. Normally 18/6 intermittent fasting. I've OMAD for a week (easy) and I'm going to try a longer fast next week, for health reasons. I made a bowl of mixed salad beetroot etc with cheese, boiled eggs, and sardines fried up with red bell pepper, olives, onion etc. I've forced myself to eat and can only manage half a bowl. Worrying for me because I'm skinny, but honest to god this works. If you're hoping to lose weight. Try and stick with it.
  5. @AliciaDuClos: Nutrition info for the example: 2,656 calories, 199 g fat, 13.3 carbs, 8.9 g fiber, 4.4 g net carbs, 196.2 g protein.
  6. @junowood5951: What to do when you have pcos/insuline resistance AND gallbladder problems/ fat metabolism issues? I get gallbladder stones easily 😭
  7. @BobMazzo: I gotta say - salt in my coffee doesn't sound very appetizing. 😮
  8. @BobMazzo: I really want to lower my cholesterol without statins. They scare me.   I also want to lose some belly fat, and increase my energy levels. I think this should help.
  9. @Tyndalic: Blu cheese isn’t cheap
  10. @PaddyMacWorld: Here’s a fast goto recipe.
Crack a medium egg [protein and fats] in a bowl; add a tablespoon of mayonnaise [fats]; add some pepper.
Beat together and pour into a small ramekin. Add a knob of butter [fats]. 
Microwave for 40 secs and enjoy.
  11. @UnrealRealness: Dr. Boz is a smoke show!
  12. @FaithandfreedomJesiDavis: I found my girl!!!! Redmond’s everyday in my coffee! I thought I was the only one! 😂
Brats!!! I love you! Literally ate sauerkraut, brats, and mustard last night for dinner!!!
  13. @CLRgardner: oh watched video to the end!!!😊 can cut a meal!!!
  14. @CLRgardner: do you have to eat 3 meals? 🤢 i cant stomach all that food… is it ok to eat one or two meals a day? help!
  15. @stevenrosen5955: isn't coffee healthier black?
  16. @KyuLee-n8q: t Walmart a bag of Perdue no added antibiotic leg quarters which can be separated i to leg and thighs only  $6.94 for a 10 pound bag is a better deal than the chicken wings per pound and I would rather have that than the wings. I would subtract eating g anything else. As for fat I prefer to use a keto friendly herbbutter for my chicken. I tend to eat 2 meals a day. Breakfast has never been a meal I tended to eat very often. I would have to be really hungry to eat a breakfast. My first and biggest meal is lunch and my lighter meal is dinner since I prefer my body to not go through digestive stress while I am trying to sleep. Yes, in some people digestive stress can keep us from a good night sleep.
  17. @JRambonian: Real challenge is on a diet with 40-50% carbs and maintaining TG below 100 and fasting insulin below 7
This is excellent metabolic flexibility with elite insulin sensitivity by not limiting carbs.
  18. @minikanenminikanen1534: Everytime I am on a sardine diet for three days just sardines I suffer from strong constipation. I drink about 1 liter of water and drink two large cup of Matcha tea. That's all. I loose one kg every day and have no much appetite. Due to that I usually eat my first can of sardines after 16 hours fast. My glucose test every morning on this diet is slightly over 100 sometimes it lowers to 98.  But I can't go on because of the constipation. Any help?
  19. @jessicamcclain9795: I still need a list of best foods simply because of how I process information. Written text is useful to me until I incorporate it as an easily performed routine. Videos & info are good, but I need instructions in addition to get maximum benefit.
  20. @iwona917: Yeah, good luck if you're allergic to dairy.

- A Beginner's Guide to the Keto Diet: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Lisa Valenti registered dietitian with Healthline and today we'll be talking about the ketogenic diet otherwise known as the keto diet super popular diet but what is it what kind of foods can you eat is it good for you what are the downsides of trying keto plus we'll give you some meal ideas and hopefully help you decide if trying the keto diet is right for you [Music] what is the keto diet it's a high fat moderate protein ultra low carbohydrate diet so very different than the way that most people eat the ketogenic diet is set up so that about 70 of your calories come from fat about 20 from protein and no more than 10 percent of your calories are coming from carbohydrates the idea behind the keto diet is that it puts your body into ketosis normally our bodies run mostly on carbs we break down the carbohydrates we eat into smaller molecules into simple sugars called glucose and then we're able to absorb that and use that as energy when there's no carbohydrates left we can tap into the small amount of carb sources we have in our muscle but most of our energy stored as fat in the body or if we're not eating any carbs we can get that energy from fat in our diet so what types of foods can you eat on a ketogenic diet foreign carbs so think about foods like meat red meat pork chicken bacon and sausage you can eat nuts and seeds you can eat low carb vegetables so think about spinach asparagus and again some of those moderate carbohydrate containing veggies like onions and peppers may also have a place in your diet because it's not zero carbs it's just low carbs so some fruits you may find on a ketogenic diet like berries tend to be lower in carbohydrates than fruits like mango pineapple and bananas you can also include lots of different oils and fats in your diet so avocado oil olive oil butter coconut oil those can all be part of your diet so when it comes to the list of foods you can't eat you may think that feels a little bit longer when you decide to start a keto diet because some of your favorite foods like pasta rice brownies ice cream so anything that's super starchy anything that's really sweet might not be allowed on keto diet because of the carb intake or the carb count on those Foods those are some foods you can eat on the keto diet but how might it come together at Meal Time now it helps if you know how to cook and you have a little bit of creativity but some breakfast ideas on a ketogenic diet might be a Cheesy omelette so you're having eggs cheese and you add some of those non-starchy vegetables in maybe asparagus or a little bit of peppers A lot of people doing keto may also stray from traditional breakfast foods and have some other meats or avocado for breakfast so again instead of putting avocado on toast you might use avocado as a topper for an omelette or an egg muffin so that you're keeping that fat high and those carbs low some lunch and dinner ideas for the ketogenic diet might be putting together things like chicken salad or a shrimp salad making them with the full fat versions of mayonnaise or Greek yogurt serving them with a side of greens dressed with olive oil you can get creative with different stir fries again using low carbohydrate sauces to put together meals and instead of serving your meals with rice or over noodles you can make zucchini noodles or try cauliflower rice so what a little bit of creativity you can still have a diet that has a lot of different varied fat sources vegetable sources again trying some of those things for snacks that may be lower in carbs like berries paired with something higher in fat like a full fat Greek yogurt and then again sometimes just grabbing a handful of nuts or something like that which are higher in fat do have a little bit of carbs but not a lot also the keto diet may seem really appealing because technically you could eat all the bacon and sausage and cheeseburgers without buns that you want and still maintain your fat and carb ratios you could do that but then you'd be getting a lot of processed meat in your diet which isn't linked with great health outcomes so to truly get the benefits you're going to want to focus on eating things like sardines and salmon and avocado and nuts and less of the ultra processed foods let's talk benefits of following a most people who follow a keto diet will lose weight while you get to eat all those high fat foods you're probably ending up consuming fewer calories than you were on whatever way of eating you were before you went keto that's because it's really hard to overeat high fat foods they're very satisfying very filling and so you tend to have smaller portion sizes and a lot of those easy to grab snack foods like potato chips pretzels popcorn those won't fit on your diet so weight loss tends to be at least a short-term benefit for people following a ketogenic diet the keto diet may also be easier to follow than some more complicated diets once you have an awareness of how many carbs are in a food you have a good sense of whether or not you can eat it and you don't necessarily need to be counting calories or tracking any of your intake as long as you stick to choosing those high fat and lower carbohydrate Foods more often low carb diets in general have been popular for a long time so there's typically something for you to work with there but it does require some cooking skills some basic nutrition knowledge what's really interesting about the ketogenic diet is beyond weight loss its effect on certain chronic conditions so the diet actually came into existence in the 1920s as a way to help kids who have epilepsy stop their seizures so there is some promising research around following a keto diet and reducing your risk or helping manage symptoms for certain neurological conditions like Alzheimer's Ms and Parkinson's the research is really preliminary because it wasn't until recently that more people were trying keto and more researchers were looking into its effects but we do know that it changes the way that your brain gets Fuel and there may be some benefits to following a ketogenic diet for those neurological conditions that said we really need to do more research to learn more and when it comes to Chronic conditions and a keto diet it's not all good news a recent study found that eating a keto diet or a very low carb diet may increase your risk of heart disease and again I think it comes down to which type of foods you are choosing to include on your keto diet is it olive oil and almonds and salmon or is it bacon and sausage and processed cheese and again they both can fit but which are you choosing more often plus all of our individual disease risks vary so someone who has heart disease in their family or is maybe less active might be at higher risk to begin with so talk to your doctor as you're thinking through if the ketogenic diet is right for you another downside to following the ketogenic diet is that as some people enter ketosis they experience What's called the keto flu now that's exactly what it sounds like you're truly experiencing flu-like symptoms because of your dietary changes that may be headaches nausea fatigue diarrhea constipation you just don't feel great and now one way to help reduce those risks of Keto flu is to make sure you're really dialing in your water and electrolyte balance as you start ketosis you're cutting out a lot of foods that are rich in electrolytes like potassium and magnesium and sodium so you may want to consider being mindful of your intake again making sure you're getting enough of those non-starchy vegetables like celery has potassium in it but so do bananas and potatoes which you're not really going to be eating so really being mindful of which foods contain those micronutrients potentially adding an electrolyte supplement to your water and making sure you're staying hydrated to help reduce those symptoms anecdotally some people say that just going low carb before they enter ketosis can help them because they're not going from eating a lot of carbs straight to an ultra low carb diet so you may want to consider sort of weaning yourself into keto by just focusing on cutting back on carbs and then deciding to make the leap all the way into a keto diet ketogenic diet for every of you are pregnant or nursing it's not recommended to start a ketogenic diet also if you have a history of Eating Disorders or disordered eating because the keto diet is very restrictive it is likely not right for you if you're at higher risk of certain chronic conditions like heart disease you also may want to talk to your doctor so that you have a better sense of what embarking on the keto diet may do to your health so talk to a doctor or a dietitian who knows you and your health concerns and issues more closely it also may be helpful for people with diabetes but it's not the only way to manage your diabetes so if you do have diabetes and you're interested in this but you really love carbs just know that you don't have to cut them out to manage your diabetes there's lots of different ways to eat and you can certainly still have carbohydrate-containing foods and manage your blood sugar if you're doing it in a smart way and choosing more of those good for you carbohydrates more complex carbs that have fiber so those starchy vegetables those fruits and whole grains as with any diet it's really important when you're especially when you're cutting out food groups to be mindful of the foods you are choosing you really want to have nutrient-rich options more often when we look at the research overall if you're just doing keto to help lose weight what the research shows is that the best diet to lose weight is the one that you can stick to long term so if cutting out all carbs forever doesn't sound great to you you may want to consider changing the way you eat and focusing just on adding more fruits and vegetables or adding more fiber to your diet or lean protein in order to help you meet those weight loss goals without necessarily entering into ketosis I hope you found this video really helpful if you do decide to try the keto diet we have lots of resources on healthline.com and again I highly recommend that you read up and learn a lot about nutrition because if you're going to do keto the right way you kind of have to become a little bit of a nutritionist yourself let us know what other questions you have about keto or other diets Down Below in the comments and don't forget to like subscribe and hit that Bell for more from me and fine

  Top Comments:
  1. @vilhelmhammershoi3871 [3 likes]: I thought bananas were not allowed.  I am on strict keto and i don't even crave sweets anymore fruits included.  I consume berries or some form of keto dessert once in a long while.  Did I misunderstand that you said bananas were allowed?  they are so high in sugar!
  2. @rslxooi [2 likes]: Is it safe to be doing this if im below 18
  3. @Frieda-e5b [1 likes]: Very helpful information except for the warning of keto diet and heart conditions. Completely unsubstantiated. And advising to consult (mainstream) doctor for keto diet and heart health worst idea.
  4. @WonkyWomanLife [1 likes]: Looks like I am more ket,then carnivore. I do have a sweet,UT only 1x a month
  5. @SafeerMunaf-y8c [1 likes]: This was incredibly powerful and helpful!
  6. @NexosMarcim [1 likes]: I feel unstoppable after watching this!
  7. @darlenehernandez2867 [1 likes]: Hi, T1D here, I need numbers, saying "high fat" "low carb" means nothing to me.... Can I take a tablespoon of olive oil B4 every meal while cutting out rice?
  8. @luislopez-dd1nz [1 likes]: Great info. Annoying affectation.
  9. @Shaggy2023a [1 likes]: My cholesterol is 218, LDL is 156 and hdl 57.  Will keto increase my ldl?
  10. @ernestobailey5760 [1 likes]: Anyone else notice she ends all her sentences with a question mark? Really annoying?
  11. @TeerayutYossombut-v6x [1 likes]: This explanation was so smooth it needs a theme song.
  12. @mdrubelrubel-r9r [1 likes]: I’m officially smarter than I was five minutes ago.
  13. @bubblegumteal3236: I've tried cauliflower rice and mashed cauliflower its really good and easy to adjust to
  14. @PaddyMacWorld: Here’s a fast goto recipe.
Crack a medium egg [protein and fats] in a bowl; add a tablespoon of mayonnaise [fats]; add some pepper.
Beat together and pour into a small ramekin. Add a knob of butter [fats]. 
Microwave for 40 secs and enjoy.
  15. @brianread3994: LMFAO!! These comments how much they paying you? Cuz it's common sense cut out carbs eat anything else lose weight
  16. @KimberlyLetsGo: If the Keto diet has been around since 1920s, hasn’t there been enough time for research? 🧐
  17. @Beumach: Banana is keto friendly? I doubt
  18. @อัฟนันมะดาโอ๊ะ-ป9ฮ: I’m sharing this with everyone I know, unreal!
  19. @Hassanibrahim-c6u: I understood this so fast I checked my pulse.
  20. @KotimDerra-n3p: This is exactly what I’ve been searching for!

- I Stopped Eating Carbs for 4 Weeks over 50 ... Here's What Happened | Christian Keto Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en Recently, I came across this video by nurse Levie, and she talked about all of the benefits that she got when she started cutting carbs for six weeks. And it seemed like a lot of people were really interested in what she had to say. So, I thought I would share my experience of my first four weeks of cutting carbs because I had some pretty dramatic results. Really, it was that first four weeks of cutting carbs that transformed me to where I am today. So, if you're new here, my name is Suzanne and I've been on a weight loss journey for about a year and a half now. Up to this date, I've lost about 30 lbs. I am over 50 years old. I'm kind of getting close to being in menopause. So, losing weight for me has been very challenging to say the least. So, a little bit about my backstory. Probably around 45. Up until then, I really didn't have a problem much with maintaining my weight around the 140 mark, which was never really my goal, but I was at least at a healthy weight, and it was a very comfortable weight for me. But around 45, uh, between adding some stress to my life with trying to take a really hard exam for a couple years and going into premenopause, I just found within a couple years, I had gained around 30 to 40 lbs. And no matter what I did, I just struggled to lose any weight. Now, I didn't realize at the time that it could be tied into menopause. I didn't realize that as I was getting older, it was actually getting harder for me to lose weight. And even though I knew it was harder for me to lose weight, I couldn't figure out why. So, about a year and a half ago almost in December of 2023, I watched a video by Zoe Science where they promised using this hack that you would be able to lose weight and all you'd have to do was just change this one thing. And that one thing was to eat your vegetable at the beginning of every single meal, including breakfast. And so I started using that hack and I started noticing that I was losing some weight pretty easily, at least easier than it was before. And that video was the start of me watching a lot of different videos about blood sugar and how eating carbohydrates were causing these blood sugar spikes. And these blood sugar spikes were causing me to basically not be able to eat at a deficit and they were making it difficult for my body to shed weight. So kind of over that first four weeks was really when I transitioned into slowly cutting down carbs down to the point where I was actually eating less than 20 gram of carbs per day, which is actually what I still do to this day. So, as I was going along this journey during that four weeks of cutting carbs, I noticed that there were a few benefits that were really helpful in me losing weight. And the first one was that for the first time, I actually had a little more energy during the day. So, prior to doing this, it was getting so bad that I was starting to feel like I needed a nap twice a day. I would feel like I needed a nap around midm morning and then I would take a nap and then in the afternoon I would feel like I needed a nap again. And this was the first time in my life that I've ever felt like I needed to take two naps. So when I started cutting out the carbs, I noticed all of a sudden I didn't feel like I needed naps during the day. Now, occasionally I would still feel like I would want to take one nap, but I completely stopped feeling like I needed to take multiple naps. I just had a little bit more energy in the morning. It wasn't like a huge energy burst like when you have one of those rockstar drinks. Wasn't that kind of energy. It was more of a lack of tiredness, a lack of needing to get back in bed and take a nap. And on top of that, I noticed during the night I was getting a little bit better sleep because one thing that I've noticed over the past year and a half as well, is that when I go back to eating a lot of carbohydrates, like say on a holiday or if I have a treat meal, which I do, I will notice that at about midnight or 2:00 in the morning, I will wake up and feel very hot. I'll be having hot flashes, sweating. But when I am eating very low carb, I don't have that at all. It completely goes away. And those hot flashes were waking me up at night because I would feel really hot and then I would wake up and then it would be really hard for me to fall back asleep because I was just so uncomfortable. Now, one of the third benefits that I found, and this is kind of a a strange benefit maybe to some of you, but it was still a benefit nonetheless, and that is I used to get a lot of gas. And I actually used to think it was because I was eating eggs. But what I realized when I started eating low carb was I think it was actually from eating the high-fiber, high carb diet. because when I completely eliminated most of the carbohydrates, my gas almost went away entirely. And it wasn't until I did that that I realized it was actually the carbs that were the culprit and not the protein and the fat. Now, one of the bigger benefits that I really appreciated because weight loss has always been my goal was that I just wasn't as hungry. And being less hungry had a couple of additional benefits. First of all, because I was less hungry, I could actually lower the calories that I eat down to a deficit low enough to where I could lose weight, but I didn't feel hungry. So, the problem with trying to diet on a higher carb diet, or at least in my experience, I was eating 15 to,700 calories a day, high carb, but I still couldn't even get down to that because I would get hungry so often from the blood sugar spikes and drops that it was impossible for me to even hit that high of a target. And I say that high of a target because now I can eat between 1,00 and 1,200 calories on my low carb diet. And I never feel ravenous or feel like I have to just get to that next meal. I usually feel pretty satisfied. I don't feel like it takes a lot of effort for me to stay down at that calorie level. And that calorie level has been what has helped me to lose those 30 lbs over the last year and a half. So, of course, the final benefit that I've had, and I'm sure I've had more than this, but it's what I can remember right now, is the weight loss. So, pretty miraculously over that first four weeks of transitioning down to almost no carbs, I was able to lose 10 lbs in a month. I didn't feel hungry. I felt very satisfied. I actually felt a lot more in control because I wasn't getting those blood sugar drops making me feel like I had to eat right now. I wasn't getting cravings for the sweets that I'd been eating before. And it was just overall easier for me to be able to eat within the plan that I had crafted, stick to it, and lose weight. So, if you're curious exactly what plan I followed to lose that 10 pounds in the first four weeks, I did do a video where I went through and explained it in way more detail exactly what I did. I also did a what I eat in a day video where I walk through the foods that I ate while I was losing that 10 lbs in the first four weeks. So, if you're interested in seeing either of those, I'm going to put both of them up here on the end screen for you so that you can check them out. And if you're on a weight loss journey, let me know down below in the comments. I always love to see what's working for people and to connect with you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @damon_81 [11 likes]: It isnt about cutting calories. It is about insulin raising and storing fat. Keep insulin down.
  2. @susanmintz5954 [8 likes]: I've noticed the link between night sweats and how many carbs I have consumed as well. It's horrible to wake up sweating and miserable!!
  3. @FrankGreenway [7 likes]: I’ve been cutting carbs for years now and my weight has gone down then up and now I’m trying to tighten up my diet to lose weight. Don’t go back to eating carbs, it’s harder to lose weight if you don’t stick with low carb.
  4. @lisavest441 [3 likes]: I’ve been watching you for at least 9 months and finally after trying so many different diets and supplements, something clicked and I decided to follow exactly what you’ve been sharing and lo and behold!! I’ve been losing weight every day for a week now!! I’m 55 and nothing was working but this is!! Thank you so much for sharing your journey! You’re making a difference! Keep going! 😊
  5. @AcornHillHomestead [3 likes]: Healthy work arounds to avoid carbs is a big help in sticking to a low carb plan. A big help for me has been whole milk plain yogurt with a couple strawberries.  I am adding organic vanilla bean powder and organic stevia extract powder to my yogurt.  It’s a great quality healthy, fabulous and satisfying cheat. I have zero cravings for sweets after 12 days on this journey. I’m 68 and already feel better. Less bloat, gas, tiredness, hunger and I can feel a looseness in my clothes already while still eating well. Congrats on your weight loss.
  6. @tina_miss_da_meana [3 likes]: Ive decided to go low carb again myself. I am totally a carb addict. I gained 30 lbs the last few years. I just turned 46 so I keep blaming perimenopause but i was eating garbage, too.   🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
  7. @damon_81 [3 likes]: Buter and meat do not spike insulin. This life style is called carnivore. Look up Anthony Chaffee MD. For testimonials look up homesteadhow. Replace your energy source with fat. Again, it doesnt raise your blood sugar. It does give you energy. Steakandbuttergal talks about womens health on carnivore. Zero carbs.
  8. @SpeakTruthBeKind [3 likes]: Thank you for sharing ❤
  9. @DrDonBoo815 [2 likes]: I lost 30 lbs in a month by cutting out carbs and I feel amazing!
  10. @meganngeorge [2 likes]: All carbs, including fruits and vegetables? Or carbs like bread, rice, pastas, etc…?  How much fiber and protein were you getting per day when you were getting “less than 20 grams” of carbs per day?
  11. @latinwhisper [1 likes]: Only 10 pounds in a month? You usually can lose more than that. 💚🩷💜😊
  12. @SusanCheslin [1 likes]: Thank you!❤
  13. @hustlinhitch [1 likes]: After years of junk food, I had my gallbladder removed at age 38 and was instructed to go low-fat. I still ate brown bread and sweets just very low fat and shed around 7st. I tried keto this summer but it just made me ill because I cannot eat much fat. Just an alternative take.
  14. @charlottesmom [1 likes]: Sorry to be vulgar but one of the best side effects for me from eating low carb is I NEVER fart! 😂
  15. @damon_81 [1 likes]: Glucose ferments in you. Ketones do not. Im about 3000 calories a day.
  16. @CatherineHurley-wk8ef: I reduced carbs by 40%, at my doctor's suggestion, for post-menopausal lack of sleep (like my mother and grandma before me). This was early 2015;  the only low-carb info I could find was from men's body-building websites 😂. I knew eating 70% fat could only make me fatter, so I hid the scales. 4 days into the diet, I was getting 7 hours sleep a night, and 4 weeks later, my tightest jeans started falling off me! Like you, I didn't suffer from gas any more, either. Losing weight (40 lb) was an added bonus, but it is truly wonderful getting a good night's sleep!
  17. @barbaragray4309: Thank you for sharing your tips and your videos..
  18. @debbiec6216: You think 50's hard to lose weight , wait until you hit 60 yrs old .
if you are eating low carb , start taking "bile salt" to avoid with gall bladder ( pain ) and gall stones ( to avoid having both of them taken out of your body ) .
because I was on keto back in the day and I was told , because my BILE became sluggish.
  19. @cleanqueen75: I friend of mine cut out all carbs completely.  He ended up in the hospital with liver enzyme problems.
  20. @damon_81: 1lbs protein per 1g ideal target body weight. For me its around 180 to 200g protein. I typically eat 1.5 sticks butter per day. My ratio is around 55% protein 45% fat. Ps> no fruit, no starches, no veggitables. Keep insulin low. Look for cream and salt only butter.

- Ketogenic Diet safe for SENIORS ? (It Depends...): Kind: captions Language: en hey this is Dr Barry let's discuss for a few minutes is the ketogenic diet safe for seniors I myself am 50 years old at the making of this video I have many many patients in my clinic who are 50 60 70 80 even 90 years old and the question is becoming more and more common is it safe for me to eat keto if I am over 50 over 60 over 70 over 80 and so I wanted to make this video to expl explain to you why I think it's very safe and why I think it's probably the best diet you can choose at that age so if you know someone who is 50 60 70 80 90 100 uh my my oldest patient recently went to heaven she was 107 years old and she was progressively lowering her carbohydrate intake even then if you know someone who's over 50 60 70 who is considering trying to keep enic diet for weight loss or for all the other hundreds of health benefits that it can offer please share this video with them you you're welcome to share this video in your keto groups your low carb group your Banting your carnivore group anywhere on social media that you think you can help me to help more people now let's talk about this as we get older without exception this this applies to all of us including me darn it we become more insulin resistant as we get older that's that's a known medical fact on average we get more insulin resistant uh we become more likely to suffer from chronic inflammation we uh don't absorb vitamins and minerals in out of our gastrointestinal system as readily and so we need really need to make sure we're getting the vitamins and minerals and other nutrients that we need in our diets in large enough amounts we tend to lose muscle mass if we're not being very vigilant about this we tend to lose bone density which is also a very big deal and I actually talk about that in another video on this channel uh we also become more likely to suffer from vitamin and mineral deficiencies those are all the things that are going to happen to all of us as we get older if we don't eat the proper diet and live the proper lifesty so really my question is at what better age uh should you do a ketogenic diet this the the ketogenic diet that I recommend is a whole food real food fatty meat heavy ketogenic diet and I think that that's going to give anyone age 50 or older all the vitamins minerals protein essential fatty acids essential amino acids that they need for their best health uh now there are many Scare Tactics that you'll see out there in the in the mainstream media and other expert uh YouTube channels or websites and let's go over a few of those and let's talk about the common sense and the logic behind these first you'll hear oh there's no research that shows that keto safe for your age group that's absolutely true but here's what you may not have ever heard before or ever thought about there is no research showing that the standard American diet is safe for seniors to eat yeah this is just a big experiment that we started about 60 years ago of eating all these carbohydrates and no one knows if it's safe or not the research has never been done there's no research that shows that the American Diabetes Association diet is safe for seniors or for diabetics even for that matter there's no research that shows that the American medic heart association's DASH diet is safe in seniors and actually there's research that's come out that shows that cutting your salt as much as the AHA wants you to is that is actually bad for you it lowers your lifespan lowers your health span it's bad for even people with congestive heart failure to limit their salt intake as much as the AHA wants you to so there's no research backing up any of these diets and so it makes sense to me since there's no compelling research that shows that any one diet is better than the other that we should try to mimic the diet that our ancestors have eaten for the last 250,000 years and in my mind that's a fatty meat heavy ketogenic diet now the next thing you'll hear is that keto is very hard very restrictive it's hard to do most people can't do it um and I want to enlist my my other uh listeners for this if you are doing keto and you're 50 or older I want you to put in the comments if you think keto is restrictive or hard okay and if you're new to this way of eating and you're like I don't know if I can do this I want you to read some of the comments below because I have found uh the ketogenic way of eating uh currently I'm doing a very fatty meat heavy brand of Keto called carnivore I find it to be fun and delicious and enjoyable I can't wait to sit down to my next meal I also don't have any problem fasting because I'm eating so much good healthy fat I'm just not hungry and so that really helps a lot I think I find the ketogenic way of eating to be very easy and I think you'll see in the comments that thousands of other people find it to be also very easy as well uh you hear the it oh saturated fat is very bad for you first of all you can get saturated fat in vegetables and in meats you can get the you can get saturated fat both places uh actually fatty meat like red meat like pork like lamb like pork are also have plenty of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats as well as saturated fat they're actually the Perfect Blend of all the good healthy fats that you need and so that's that's where you find fat now the research is the research showing that Fat's bad for you there's some there's some very cursory research that that might show a correlation but when you actually dig into this data it's um basically all biased by the researcher's opinion that you should eat a plant-based diet and the the research is just ridiculous trying to prove that that fatty meat is bad for you I don't I don't find any research that compels me to wor about eating lots of fatty meat the next you'll hear is oh Salt's bad for you and so there's a lot of salt in in keto and they encourage you to eat lots of salt and again I already alluded to this above um also a great book if you'd like to learn about the the human need for salt is the salt fix by Dr James D nickol Antonio this is a great book I'll put a link down in the show notes um salt is good for you we need salt if you prick your finger and taste your blood it's salty it's supposed to to be salty mammals need lots of salt to be healthy it's just a myth that got started again about 50 60 years ago that salt's bad for you and even though human beings have eaten as much salt as they could get their hands on for a quarter of a million years now the fat is to limit your salt and that's just exactly what it is it's fat it's based on no meaningful research uh whatsoever so if your goals as a senior are to increase your mental Acuity to try to decrease your risk of dementia if your goal is to increase your bone density not only your bone density but your bone strength if your goal is to increase your muscle tone and your muscle mass if your goal is to decrease chronic inflammation in your body then I think you found the right place I think keto is for you uh you should at least give it a six or an eight week try and I think at the end of that time you're going to feel so much better that you'll know this is the way of eating that you should follow for the rest of your life which I predict will be long and healthy and happy and full of Adventures now if you enjoyed this video please take one second and click that subscribe button and click the little Bell right beside it that way every time I get a bright idea you'll be one of the very first to know and also I want to give a big thank you to my patrons on my patreon website you guys have made life so much easier for me you've made it so possible for me to help so many other people with your generous offer and I I thank you so much for that if you'd like to sign up to be a patron the link is right down below you can sign up very quickly and throw a buck or two my way this is Dr Barry I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @User-4-mn3or [1 likes]: I'm 76 and just 2 weeks into it. Not feeling great after being vegetarian 25 years. But not quitting! Down 8 pounds in 2 weeks. Amazing!!
  2. @fgzfresh: how do u start out when u r so addicted to all the crap
  3. @lcv551: Please soak on water & sodium bicarbonate your veggies and rinse 
Them for a second soak on water white vinegar and rinse. Even ready wash and organically grown. There is no honesty from companies anymore.  
 As for me 
I am doing a parasite cleansing. I try a balance diet with carbs and started on September 2025, now Feb. 2026 10lbs up and feeling like acid reflux and heavy. Carbs are addicting. I am
Also ditching sugar substitutes from a keto diet because I don’t like the bloating and health risk. And just maybe Allulose mini cake for my B-Day. 
Or just a big steak with a candle.*
Stay strong and I am going back to my mind set of toxic beautiful plastic food, dead food everywhere.
No easy right now. My family eats the American diet and bread chips fry food is normal. I have to watch and think how nasty is that process food and sit at the table and say my stomach hurts if I eat the burger bun. And no fries for me is an easy one. My stomach do not like it will pay after a couple hours with heaviness overindulge bursting feeling . 
I am a petite size female. 
My body keeps memory for fasting prolong hours. It helps. 
I am also experiencing poor sleep. 
Not worthy to live with pains and aches and deprived sleep. 
Dear Lord help every person seeking for hope strength and the right information here, 
to thrive and reach a good, strong mind and goals and health. 
Your not alone. I want my easy life not feeling discomfort nothing after eating and full of energy. 
It is worthy. Priceless 😊
  4. @maisiechristiansen7948: 58 years old and no longer losing weight even on keto. I don't know what's wrong. I am incrementally gaining weight every single day. I only eat 2. meals a day. I don't know what's going on, I use to lose weight but now I'm just gaining and gaining and gaining incrementally.
  5. @User-4-mn3or: And it's less expensive!!!! Saving $$$$$
  6. @nan9113: I’m sure I won’t get a response because this video is quite old but here goes. I’m 66 and I was losing weight quite well with a low-carb diet and very rarely ate carbs. The only carbs I was getting was through protein bars. I have a problem that I will sometimes stop the diet and take a couple weeks off and eat whatever I want and then it takes so long to get back to ketosis again I’ve been back on keto for three weeks now and I’m still not in ketosis. I’m urinating like crazy but not losing a pound. Did I mess myself up, I’ve heard that you can do this, and it will ruin your ability to lose weight ever again on low-carb diets if you go back-and-forth is this true?
  7. @nancyr45: Waooo awesome inspiring comments I will do keto I been on low carb
  8. @douglaswallace7680: ( Only for me )This former carb addict says   DO   NOT   go cold turkey cutting down carbs to less than 20% of your calorie intake .  Transition for me was  VERY  difficult !   Constantly slipping back .
Purge the pantry of evil foods and eat only meats and veggies ?  Not to scare anybody off ,  like I said ,  this was only my story .  The withdrawl experience for me was MASSIVE !  It took a full 5 days of clenched teeth and sweat .   Dr. B. asked the question :  "Do I think Keto is restrictive ?"   I now go into  A N Y    G R O C E R Y     S T O R E    and find out that 75% of the store is    O F F    L I M I T S    to this plan !  Baking aisle ,   GONE .  Cereal aisle ,  GONE .  Chips ,  Cookies ,  Ice Cream ,  GONE .
  9. @peterfrancisharris: At 72, keto is easier, simpler, cheaper, tastier, and you are never hungry. Also, you never seem burdened by a dysfunctional digestive system. You hardly notice you are digesting anything.
  10. @joncharles5182: Very easy way of eating.  Not hungry like when I diet…
  11. @starletta8293: salt is good as long as it’s real salt and not table salt which is man made and raises bp, real salt does not raise bp.
  12. @bevjensen2913: I did Dirty Keto in 2019 which was a poor choice. Too much Keto junk food. 2025 I am doing Cleaner Keto/Mediterranean along with IF. Doing well with weight loss and inflammation.  Female 69yrs old. Thanks Dr Berry!
  13. @low.vision.at70: I’m 69. Keto is easy.
  14. @JillieMattiou: Best thing I ever did was reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, after applying the knowledge I got from the book I feel like the cellulite is magically disappearing from my body
  15. @GerfeScreaton: Finding the ‘woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth’ ebook should be your top priority, even if it’s the last thing you do in life
  16. @QuintonCufbin: Drop whatever you are doing and go read the book Womans’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, its absolutely life changing, trust me on this
  17. @HeidieWalrche: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, completely changed how I approach weight loss. It’s a must-read!
  18. @BlanchMofraft: Why isn’t everyone talking about Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth ebook? It’s seriously the best thing I’ve read on weight loss
  19. @MaticaMorde: I thought I’d tried everything until I found Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth. This book is next-level helpful!
  20. @GabbieLauxmfann: The insights in Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth blew my mind! I’ve tried so many different things, but this book gave me real, actionable steps to see results. Highly recommend!

- Is Keto REALLY Safe for Women Over 50?: Kind: captions Language: en I've been a personal trainer since 2006 I think&nbsp;there are many many ways to lose weight. One of them is the keto diet. I think the keto diet&nbsp;is highly overrated but don't get me wrong... [Music] Hi! Welcome to the Fitness Solutions Plus YouTube&nbsp;channel. Here we're going to discuss is the keto diet safe for women over 50. There are lots of&nbsp;benefits to the keto diet: drop in calories, a potential Improvement in hormones, drop in blood&nbsp;sugar, if it was high to begin with, a little more energy levels and so on. But, is it without risks or is it just fine? That's what we'll discuss in this video, plus everything you need to know to execute the keto diet properly as a woman over 50. We're going to discuss Health considerations, how to do it properly, how to deal with challenges like motivation cravings and more. And lastly at&nbsp;the end of the video, I'm going to give you my own personal opinion on the keto diet. Before we jump in, who am I? My name is Igor, I'm the founder and CEO of a online personal training company called Fitness&nbsp; Solutions Plus. I've been a personal trainer since 2006 and I've published 11 books on exercise and nutrition, including three Amazon best sellers on osteoporosis, type 2 diabetes and high&nbsp;blood pressure. So, let's jump in. First, let's discuss some health considerations&nbsp; for women over 50. One common concern for women over 50 is metabolism. Does metabolism slow down after you turn 50? Well, the answer is, kind of. It slows down after you hit menopause. The average&nbsp;age of menopause is about 51 or 52, so it's not aging per se, it's the drop in estrogen levels. And then the question that really needs to be asked, how big is the droplet metabolism. It's&nbsp; approximately 0.6 percent per year after menopause. Another thing we need to consider is the hormonal&nbsp;changes that women experience after 50. The big one, of course, menopause, which along with it brings&nbsp;a sharp drop in estrogen and progesterone. The way you execute the keto diet may have an influence on either raising or lowering your estrogen progesterone levels. Another thing that needs to&nbsp; be considered is nutrient intake on the keto diet. Whenever you're starting to restrict any kind&nbsp;of macronutrient or food group any food group contains not just the calories, carbohydrates, fats, and proteins not just the macronutrients, it also contains micronutrients. So it will restrict&nbsp;things like folic acid.It will restrict things like fiber and other things that&nbsp;you need for auto functioning. It doesn't mean you can't do the keto diet it just means you&nbsp;need to be more careful with planning how you do the keto diet. One common concern that's not&nbsp; really founded is kidney health. On the keto diet, it is a higher protein diet than a traditional&nbsp;diet or what people traditionally eat, so people often think that high protein damages the kidneys. That is not true at all. High protein only damages the kidneys of people with already damaged&nbsp; kidneys. It's like saying that jogging is bad for you if you have a broken shin. Well of course&nbsp;jogging is bad for if you have a broken chin but jogging didn't cause the broken shin. Likewise, a higher protein intake won't damage healthy kidneys, a higher protein may damage pre-existing damaged&nbsp; That's another consideration. And finally - sustainability. I'm sure you've probably done&nbsp; many diets in your life, so with drops in calories and rises in calories that could be a challenge on any kind of restrictive diet, whether that's the keto diet Mediterranean or any other&nbsp;kind of diet. There has to be behavioral support to make sure you sustainably do the keto diet If that's the diet that is right for you. With that out of the way, let's first discuss what&nbsp;is the keto diet. The full name of the keto diet is the ketogenic diet. That means it generates ketones. And what are ketones? Ketones are an alternate fuel source, so it is a ketone producing diet. What do I mean by "and also a fuel source"? Well, our bodies can really survive on two fuel sources:&nbsp;sugar or fat. Sugar goes by different names: glucose, glycogen and of course sugar. So the&nbsp;theory goes that if we remove one fuel source, if we remove sugar, we're only left with one fuel source to burn - that's fat. So that's the most common appeal of a keto diet. But, how do you know&nbsp; you're in the keto diet? Well, you enter a state called ketosis and there are different ways of measuring ketosis including blood, breath and urine. The most accurate way is blood. To give you some&nbsp;references, the blood ketone levels of somebody on a normal diet, not on a keto diet, is less than&nbsp;0.1 mm/L. The Ketone levels of somebody who's on a keto diet is over 0.2&nbsp;mm/L. So, you don't really know if you're a ketogenic diet until you actually&nbsp; get measured. Maybe you're eating foods that you think are keto but if you're not measuring you're&nbsp;not really sure. Now, what does that look like from a diet composition? A regular mixed diet might be some between 40% and 65% carbohydrates, between 15% and 30% protein, and the remain will be fat. On a&nbsp;keto diet, it's about 60%+ fat, very low carbohydrates, typically 50 grams per day or lower, and remainder is protein, which is different than most other low carbohydrate diets. Most other low&nbsp;carbohydrate diets are "low carb - high protein". The keto diet is "low carb - moderate protein". So it's&nbsp;not as high in protein as a regular low carb diet and therefore keto levels on a low carb diet&nbsp;that's not ketogenic will be lower. So that is, these are the basics of the keto diet. Now let's chat about the how it applies to women over 50. How does the keto diet affect&nbsp; specifically women over 50? There are a few different potential ways in which it could affect hormone levels and other factors in women over 50. One potential way that it could&nbsp; affect is estrogen. Estrogen is largely made of fat, there is a mother molecule and that's&nbsp; cholesterol. Cholesterol is a fat molecule. During menopause estrogen levels sharply drop. So it's conceivable that a high fat diet will also increase estrogen levels which may negate&nbsp;menopausal symptoms. Things like hot flashes, poor sleep quality, vaginal dryness and others. On the other hand, it could also conceitedly cause issues because it is&nbsp; a low carbohydrate diet therefore it could cause some hypoglycemia or low blood sugar symptoms. Things like irritability, anger and well, getting "hangry" - hungry and angry at the same time So, on&nbsp;the one hand they improve certain symptoms but might worsen other symptoms. So, if you're more prone to estrogen base symptoms, it might actually help that, but if you're more prone to blood sugar&nbsp; or insulin based symptoms it might worsen that. So it's really on a woman by woman basis to figure out what is going to work for you. And the way you can figure it out is before you start the keto diet, for about&nbsp;two or three days, keep track of your symptoms. So, that's things like hot flashes, brain fog, insomnia, night sweats and so on. Whatever symptoms are relevant to you. Rate them on a 0 to 3 level on how bothersome they are and also give them a frequency rating. So, just do that before you start the keto diet, do the keto diet for about one to two weeks and then repeat that kind of measurement system after that period of time. Then you'll have a pretty clear idea of how does the keto diet affect your symptoms specifically. In addition to that if you want to adjust the keto&nbsp;diet to help you specifically with the menopausal symptoms you want to include foods that are&nbsp; hot in vital estrogens or phytoestrogens. They are plant estrogens. In other words they&nbsp;have similar effects to human estrogen, but are much weaker, but they do mitigate some of the&nbsp;symptoms of menopause. So what are some examples of phytoestrogen? One category of phytoestrogens&nbsp; is soy. Now, granted a lot of women are concerned with soy and breast cancer or estrogen-based cancers, endometrial ovarian etc. so you should speak to a healthcare professional to see is it right for you. Other examples of phytoestrogens are things like flax seeds, peanuts, red wine, dark chocolate&nbsp;and so on. So, consider including some of these in your diet to help you with the menopausal&nbsp; symptoms. In addition one common concern for menopausal and post-menopausal women is bone&nbsp;health. The single most important factor, typical single most important nutrient for bone health is not calcium, it's not Vitamin D it is in fact protein. You need an adequate level of protein to&nbsp;maintain your bone health. And what is adequate? Well, I discuss that extensively in several of&nbsp;my other YouTube videos, which are linked in the description below. In addition to that, to keep&nbsp; you fuller longer, if you are trying to lose weight, it's good to include green leafy vegetables, fatty&nbsp;fish, and low carb veggies, things like peppers, carrots and so on. This makes the basics, the backbone of a healthy keto diet If you're doing the keto diet and you have no&nbsp;health problems, fine. Give it a shot. However, if you have some pre-existing health problems, consider&nbsp;consulting with a dietitian or another healthcare professional, to see how does the keto diet&nbsp;interact with the rest of your health. Again, as I mentioned earlier one common concern is kidney health, so if you have healthy kidneys, you're fine. But if your kidneys aren't healthy, then then the keto diet may not be for you, because a higher protein intake than you're used&nbsp;to, may damage already damaged kidneys. One other thing I want to mention is hydration. Hydration is&nbsp;very important because a lot of people mistake the feeling of thirst for the feeling of hunger. So,&nbsp;how do you know if you're adequately hydrated? One very simple test for that&nbsp; is what I call "the pee-test". That is if your urine is just lightly yellow, you're good. You have the right&nbsp; level of hydration. If your urine is deeply yellow, you're dehydrated. If your urine is completely&nbsp; clear, you're overhydrated. And that's how you can easily gauge your hydration status. Granted, the&nbsp;color of your urine may be affected by certain supplements or by certain medications, but in the&nbsp;absence of that, you can use the color of your urine as a hydration marker. Or very&nbsp;simply for the vast majority of people, their thirst signals are pretty good. If you're thirsty - drink.&nbsp;If you're not thirsty, don't bother. Simple as that. Next, let's talk about meal planning and&nbsp;preparation, because if you're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; do this diet right it takes some planning to&nbsp; make sure you don't fall off the bandwagon as&nbsp;&nbsp; it might have happened with previous diets&nbsp; step one in meal planning is to calculate&nbsp;&nbsp; your macronutrients, so figure out what are your&nbsp; calories, what are your protein requirements and&nbsp;&nbsp; what are your fats and carbs and start there. The way you calculate your calorie requirements is you&nbsp;&nbsp; take your desired body weight in pounds, multiply&nbsp;that by 15 and add in any calories you spend on&nbsp;&nbsp;exercise. Those will be the calories that you want&nbsp; to eat and then you factor in protein which again&nbsp;&nbsp; I talk about in my in my other videos (Link in&nbsp;the description below) and you can find other&nbsp;&nbsp; keto macronutrient calculators online so just&nbsp;search for that. So that's step one which is calculate your Macros. Step two is to think about&nbsp;the ingredients that fit those macros. Write them down a list. Step three is to plan out your week.&nbsp; What meal will you eat and when what are you&nbsp;&nbsp; having for breakfast, what are you having for&nbsp; lunch, what are you having for dinner In case you're intermittent fasting you're skipping&nbsp;either breakfast or dinner. I have a little bit of explanation on that later on this video, so keep&nbsp; on watching. And step four: buy the ingredients. Simple as that. And that's meal planning and&nbsp; preparation for the keto diet. Now, of course, despite our best plans challenges sometimes come&nbsp; up. So let's address how to overcome challenges. Let's discuss five of the most common challenges. Challenge number one, in no particular order, is cravings. What if you're craving something? One&nbsp; way to avoid cravings is supplement with the multivitamin. Very often we're not craving, you know, chocolate for itself, maybe we're craving the magnesium in chocolate. It could be&nbsp;that we're deficient and chocolate happens to be a very rich source of magnesium. Maybe we're&nbsp;not craving potato chips, maybe we're craving sodium. So a good way to get all around your your&nbsp;bases, especially if you're dropping your calorie significantly, is to just take a multivitamin to&nbsp;cover your nutritional bases. That's one way to manage cravings and there are others. Another very giant obstacle is emotional eating. Now I'm not going to turn this video in and itself&nbsp;into an emotional eating video, I'll make those in the future, but one strategy that I'll use with my&nbsp; clients to help them manage their emotional eating, is that on a meal by meal basis, just before&nbsp;they sit down to eat, I ask them to to rate their hunger and fullness. On a -10 to a +10 scale. So -10 to 0 means - I'm hungry. 0 to +10 means - I'm full. So imagine this: you're&nbsp;sitting down to eat and you're asking yourself how hungry or full am I? If you give yourself a&nbsp;rating of +3, that means you're not hungry. Then why are you eating? It's for reasons other&nbsp;than hunger and if that's the case, write down what emotion you're feeling in that moment. Are&nbsp;you bored, are you unfocused, are you tired, are you upset, are you anxious, are you excited? What's&nbsp;going on with your emotions. So this is a very very simple strategy that my clients will often&nbsp;use to help them with emotional eating. It's very effective, it works for a lot of people, it doesn't&nbsp;work for everyone, but there are other strategies. Another common obstacle is social situations. What if you have a lot of business meetings, business lunches, business dinners... What if you&nbsp;just like to go out to eat or if you like to have people over? How can you manage&nbsp;that? The key here is preparation. If you like to go out to eat, it's very very important to look&nbsp;at the menu online before you go there. This way, when you get there, usually if you haven't&nbsp;looked at the menu, you're going to order the tastiest thing. Unfortunately the tastiest&nbsp;thing is rarely the healthiest thing. However, if you have made that decision before you've gone&nbsp; to the restaurant if you have made that decision before you've gone&nbsp;to the restaurant of what to order you're going to already be in the right state of mind; this way&nbsp;when the waiter or waitress comes to you with&nbsp;menu, you won't need it you'll already know what&nbsp; to order. So, that's one way to plan around social situations. What about other situations where&nbsp; you don't have a choice where there's no menu? Well there are many many other strategies you can&nbsp;use for that which I discussed in my other video called the top 20 cheat meal strategies, linked in&nbsp;the description below. Another common obstacle is motivation. Very often we start a new diet we're&nbsp;excited by the potential, but the actual doing of the diet is a lot less exciting. Because you're&nbsp;probably giving up foods that you really like and so on. So how do you stay motivated on the&nbsp; keto diet? One way to do that is to keep track of your results and we'll discuss what kind of&nbsp;results later on in this video. We will jump to it in a second. And lastly, we're going to talk about&nbsp; overcoming plateaus. Inevitably, whenever you're starting a diet what happens is the weight will&nbsp; drop and drop and drop and eventually it stops dropping. You're not where you want to be it, but&nbsp; it stops dropping. How do you overcome that? The way you overcome that is either by adjusting your&nbsp;macronutrients so having a higher protein intake or a lower fat or carb intake or exercising&nbsp;more. By and large the better choice for women over 50 is exercising more for reasons that I&nbsp;talk about in my upcoming menopause book. Next, let's talk about exercise on the keto diet. Exercise is beneficial for a lot of things. I'm sure I probably don't have to tell you but&nbsp;some of the benefits include stronger muscles, stronger bones to help you prevent osteopenia&nbsp; and osteoporosis, or endurance, or energy levels,&nbsp; tighter skin and so on. So how should you exercise&nbsp; if you're women over 50? It's been commonly said that when it comes to weight loss, nutrition plays&nbsp; 80% of the role and then exercise plays 20% of the role. That's not the case for women over 50. For over 50, exercise plays a much bigger role because your involuntary physical activity starts to drop. So, to make up for the drops of metabolism, you can actually exercise more It doesn't&nbsp;necessarily mean you have to do it hour seven days a week but frequency trumps everything else. If you&nbsp;were to do 10 minutes seven days a week it's far better than one hour once a week. So exercise&nbsp;is very very important for these reasons and reasons that I get into&nbsp;in many of my books, as well as other videos. Earlier, when it came to the section of overcoming&nbsp;obstacles, we talked about motivation as an obstacle. So how you stay motivated on the keto&nbsp; diet? One way to stay motivated is to monitor your progress. What does progress mean? Well,&nbsp; progress may be the exact outcome that you're looking for. Maybe it's weight loss, maybe it's&nbsp; something else and that's one form of progress. So measure your weight but don't measure just&nbsp;your weight, measure your waist circumference, measure how you're clothes fit you, but I also&nbsp;encourage you to have some some measurements that are outside of outcome. Like process&nbsp;measurements.In other words you can control your what you put in your mouth. What you can't&nbsp;control is your weight. Weight is controlled by many other things. Weight is controlled by water&nbsp; fluctuations, hormonal fluctuations, how salty is&nbsp;&nbsp;the food that you had earlier and so on. You can&nbsp;influence your weight, but you can control it. However, what you eat, how much, and when is strictly&nbsp;controlled by you. So one thing I would also measure as a gauge of progress is your compliance&nbsp; to the keto diet. And your goal is to make it a game. Try to beat your compliance from previous&nbsp;week. So let's say you eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner seven days a week.That's 21 meals per week. So, if week one on the keto diet you could only stick to it 14 out of 21 meals we too try to shoot&nbsp; for 15. So, this is how you can stay motivated, even though you're not necessarily losing weight. The weight loss will come as a long-term effect. But keep your eyes on the process and the outcome will&nbsp;come. Besides that, there are other measurements of progress. If you're exercising, there's also the&nbsp; measurement of strength, endurance, flexibility, and so on. So, it's good to have a holistic&nbsp; a balanced approach to what is progress. Now, lots of women want to do keto diet while&nbsp;intermittent fasting. That's certainly an option, because intermittent fasting is not a nutritional&nbsp;choice, but a logistical one. I have an entire video on intermittent fasting for women over 50, linked&nbsp; In the description below. In conclusion, what did we learn about the keto diet for women over&nbsp; 50? First of all, we learned what is the keto diet. The keto diet is a ketogenic diet, in other&nbsp;words it is a high-fat, low-carb moderate-protein diet. We also knew that it's very very important&nbsp;to get enough protein for the sake of, well, your muscles, as well as your bones. We also learned how&nbsp;to plan meals properly (on a keto diet), which is to figure out your macronutrients, to figure out the ingredients,&nbsp; to figure out what you're going to eat, and finally go shopping for those. Then, we also talked about&nbsp; exercise and the benefits of it. Improves strength, improve endurance improve flexibility, stronger bones&nbsp; and all the things that you want as a woman over 50. We also talked about how to monitor progress. That is, yeah you may want to use it for weight loss, but you also want to track your behaviors,&nbsp;as well as areas outside of just the nutrition side of things like improvements and strength,&nbsp; endurance, flexibility and so on. Now, what are my own personal views on the keto diet? I've been&nbsp;a personal trainer since 2006 and obviously I think there are many many ways to lose weight. One&nbsp;of them is a keto diet. I think the keto diet is highly overrated, but don't get me wrong. Overrated&nbsp;does not mean useless. The word overrated means benefits are being attributed to it that are not&nbsp;correct, but that does not mean it doesn't have any benefits. Useless means it has no benefit. I don't&nbsp;believe that either. I believe the keto diet is beneficial. Whom is it beneficial for? The people for&nbsp;whom is going to work. Who is it going to work for? It's going to work for you if you actually like&nbsp; the taste of keto foods. If you enjoy eggs, bacon, avocados, olive oil, things like that, the keto diet&nbsp; is likely a very very good choice for you and it's going to work for you well in the long term. The&nbsp;keto diet is not for you if you don't like those foods, so your long-term adherence is bad. There&nbsp;are also certain contraindications to the keto diet. If you have familial hypercholesterolemia or&nbsp; hyperlipidemia, it's not for you. What that means is that you have a genetic condition where your&nbsp; cholesterol is high no matter how well you eat or your triglycerides are high no matter how well you eat. It's probably not for you if you suffer from gout. It's not for you, if you've had&nbsp; your gallbladder removed. 4 reasons that are inherent to the keto diet. Outside of those, most people are okay with the keto, with the keto diet, as long as they run it by their health&nbsp; professional or a dietitian. So those are my views on the keto diet. I hope you like this video, if&nbsp; you did click like and subscribe. It'll help this video reach more people who need help with the&nbsp;keto diet and it'll help you be notified when I publish more content on keto diet or exercise and&nbsp;nutrition for women over 50. [Thanks for watching. Now LIKE & SUB:)]&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you and goodbye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @FitnessSolutionsPlus [2 likes]: Welcome to the new video! 🎉 In this discussion, we delve into the world of the keto diet for women over 50 and share valuable insights on how to make it work best for you. Whether you're a keto beginner or have experience, we've got essential tips to optimize your results. Avoid common keto mistakes, achieve your health and weight loss goals, and embrace a keto journey tailored to your needs. Don't forget to like, subscribe, and share your thoughts in the comments below!  #KetoDiet #KetoForWomenOver50 #KetoMistakes 

P.S. In this video you will find out why i think keto diet is overrated. Thanks for watching
  2. @milica-keto [2 likes]: KETO is underrated! Not overrated.
  3. @fmcgpr [2 likes]: I lost 45 lbs in less than a year with keto. My biggest challenge was the keto flu. I think it would be useful if you could make a video about it. I would love to go on keto again if I knew how to fight the keto flu. My wife is 51 and she wants to try keto with me for the first time, later this year. Thank you for the video, super useful for her.
  4. @SproutedRoot: Thank you for the information.

- Is The Keto Diet Good for Older Adults? Keto For Women Over 50: What You Need to Know!: Kind: captions Language: en keto is primarily considered a weight loss diet however the low-carb keto diet offers some important additional benefits for women in their 50s these benefits include one reducing body fat many diets promise weight loss but in many cases that weight is mostly water keto increases fat burning and achieves better results than most other diets keto also preferentially targets belly fat which is actually called visceral fat and women over 50 belly fat tends to increase this increases the risk of heart disease cardiac arrest and stroke the accumulation of abdominal fat is largely due to the hormonal changes associated with the menopause two enhanced insulin sensitivity carbohydrates are digested and converted into glucose when carbohydrates are eaten the body produces the hormone insulin to transport glucose to the liver and muscles however as we age a body's sensitivity to insulin decreases which means glucose is more likely to be converted and stored as fat leading to weight gain a low carbohydrate diet increases insulin sensitivity this means that the few carbohydrates you eat are not converted into fat increased insulin sensitivity also helps regulate blood sugar levels low blood sugar levels are inextricably linked to better overall health and a lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes 3. improved brain function menopausal women often suffer from memory loss mood swings and difficulty concentrating they may even suffer from depression and anxiety this is because estrogen levels the main female sex hormone decreased during the menopause which affects the amount of glucose that reaches the brain fourth lower inflammation the aging process can be very taxing on the body menopausal women over 50 suffer from knee and hip pain as well as headaches and other non-specific ailments keto is a high fat diet and some fats are very helpful in reducing inflammation good anti-inflammatory fats that should be part of the keto diet include olive oil fatty fish such as sardines tuna and salmon avocados and avocado oil nuts in contrast foods such as refined carbohydrates sugar and processed foods are associated with increased these foods are not part of the keto diet 5. improved blood lipid levels many women in their 50s have elevated triglyceride and bad LDL cholesterol levels this is a recipe for heart disease despite their high fat content low carbohydrate diets have been shown to lower triglycerides and LDL cholesterol while increasing levels of good HDL cholesterol these changes are associated with improved cardiovascular health and a lower risk of heart disease 6. lowering blood pressure will intend to have lower blood pressure than men however this can change when you reach your 50s and the menopause sets in high blood pressure has been linked to a number of serious medical problems including heart disease kidney disease and strokes the low carbohydrate keto diet has been shown to help lower blood pressure 7. increased bone mass older women are prone to bone loss which can develop into osteoporosis if not stop this is a disease characterized by weak bones that are prone to fractures keto eliminates nutrients that can interfere with calcium absorption combined with plenty of green leafy vegetables which are naturally high in calcium keto can improve bone health and density eight less muscle loss women in their 50s tend to lose muscle faster than women in their 20s 30s and 40s muscle loss slows down metabolism leading to weight gain and making weight loss more difficult muscle loss also affects strength making everyday activities harder and more strenuous moderate amounts of protein are consumed on the ketogenic diet and protein is essential for muscle maintenance protein contains amino acids and amino acids are the building blocks of muscle tissue it is clear that keto can be very beneficial for women in their 50s both for weight loss and for improving health the keto diet means cutting out many of the foods we know are unhealthy and replacing them with foods that are high in beneficial nutrients

- Is It Safe For Menopausal Women With Adrenal Fatigue To Do Keto & Intermittent Fasting? – Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys in this video we're gonna talk about if it's safe for a menopausal woman with adrenal fatigue to do keto and in a minute fasting okay because there's some confusion about this I don't know there's things floating out there that say that oh it's dangerous don't don't do keto or in a fasting if your adrenals are stressed especially if you're going through menopause but it's the exact thing you need to do but you need to do it correctly but I think the problem is that when you get into your 40s and 50s or even 60s the adrenal gland takes over and backs up the ovaries so you actually put more stress on the adrenal gland okay so what happens it has a harder time countering this drop in blood sugar as you go longer between meals and you do in a minute fasting so the blood sugars end up not being able to rebound like you should so you feel dizzy and weak and then all of a sudden you eat and you feel better and you're like wow oh I need to be eating more frequently no it just means that we need to strengthen the adrenals and tweak some things because here's the main issue with adrenal fatigue you're gonna have higher levels of cortisol okay cortisol another name for cortisol is called a glucocorticoid that's a glucose releasing hormone so when cortisol is high you're going to be released more glucose which is sugar and increase more insulin so adrenal problems in general have higher levels of insulin okay well we're trying to fix that because the insulin that's going to create the insulin resistance and keep people from losing weight so if you're trying to lose weight and you're menopausal and you're stuck you need to do keto in a minute fasting but you want to do it more gradually okay very gradually three meals for a period of time so you can avoid snacking and then once you can avoid snacking start to push that breakfast further and further forward so eventually we had two meals a day and it might take months before you get to that point but just do it gradually here's a couple things to remember you want to make sure you have enough potassium electrolytes b1 nutritional yeast I would even recommend maybe taking four tablespoons of nutritional yeast in a tablet form take more so you can really get your B vitamins because that will help you add more fat and more sea salt because the adrenals need those minerals I would also add some trace minerals because trace minerals plant means trace minerals contained zinc and chromium two minerals that are really important to help you transition faster because the goal is to get you to fully adapt to ketosis where you're burning fat and everything is going fine your fuels fine and now you're out of this whole blood sugar thing you're not going to experience a little blood sugar anymore you're gonna feel a lot better and it's going to be the thing that finally helps you bust through that Plateau that happens when you're menopausal and another common thing that I'm just gonna tell you right now you may find that you're gonna lose weight and then Plateau you're not gonna lose weight but that's probably because you're gaining more muscle and that muscle weighs heavier so you're gonna be shrinking but not necessarily losing weight at certain points don't worry about that just go by your size how your clothes fit you may need to also consume more protein okay so instead of six ounces do seven or even eight ounces of protein you may need that maybe not but the protein is necessary as you're building the muscle as well omega-3 fats are going to be really important especially if you're exercising or you have inflammation in your body and I would get that from krill krill is a really good source of omega-3 a lot of the fish oils go rancid unless you get a version cod liver oil which is hard to find it's expensive but krill I think might be an easier option for you going the long walks as instead of high intensity exercise and just go at this very slowly and realize it's going to take time but it is the thing you need to do to ultimately correct things and you'll thank me down the road in this book I have a whole chapter on stress so this is kind of a new thing with weight loss you know people don't look at stress or adrenals as a factor but that's one of the big barriers to losing weight is if the cortisol is too high so I hope I have a whole chapter chapter 16 and how to help your adrenals and I'll help how to do actually acupressure to pull stress out to really get into the delta-wave sleep and enhance your ability to get to your goal alright thanks for watching hey before you go definitely sign up for my free keto course I put a link down below it's on messenger in facebook but it will give you all the basics it's very quick it's like three or four videos and it's free check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @petinathomas6096 [12 likes]: Why is it that women seem to suffer more with health due to hormones. All our lives. Puberty,  pregnancy  and menopause.  We never get rest. Yet we're expected to be no drama and just get on with it. It goes on for years. Even menopause can take 10 years. What do men have... flecking breakdowns over football. . Im single for 7years single snd happy without that hassle of a man.
  2. @27051978J [4 likes]: Ur so 100% right Doc❤.... Slow long walks.... instead of stressful workout.
  3. @batgirlp5561 [3 likes]: So ovaries don't work and the adrenals are constantly excreting cortisol which constantly signals the production of insulin? So how can we ever stop the insulin production so we can initiate fat burning? Can you explain please?
  4. @6hypnone [2 likes]: Unfortunately with lyme and several co infections, my cortisol is already fucked, even putting sea salt in ALL the water I drink, taking extra potassium, my sodium and electrolytes are still low. My gut is a mess as well bc of all these infections. And I'm in peri. Estrogen dom as well. So it's pretty much never an option for me unless the infections are in remission. So I'm screwed.
And also, lyme is more common than a cold, just ppl don't know they even have it.
  5. @jennybadl7840 [2 likes]: Actually, I think a lot of people, menopausal women specially, have low level of cortisol, and not high level. Many are burned out.
  6. @Drberg [1 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  7. @donatelladepatre5695 [1 likes]: Can I use hymalaian salt instead of sea salt?.What s the difference ? ❤😊
  8. @MonicaRoca-sc5nv: Does that also go for low cortisol. Peoeple with crashed adrenals usually have low cortisol levels…
  9. @HealingInsights-m5q: What if your adrenals have flat lined?
  10. @debiwillis9045: But i thought high protein wasnt keto and it would turn into sugar
  11. @estiebryers7777: I’m 49, stopped bleeding 3 years ago. I’ve been doing IF for 2 years (fat adapted most of my life), no snacking, 1-2 meals per day. My weight is very stable (until depression hits and I’ll stop eating sometimes for days- then I can lose up to 5kg). My biggest concern is that I have the WORST emotional outbursts and anything can trigger it in a split second. My husband thinks I have a mental disorder 😩 I don’t like drugs so HRT or antidepressants is not a route I want to take. I could really do with one kind of supplement to help my anxiety and outbursts. Help🙏🏼
  12. @jam1369: Just what I needed thank you!
  13. @1800primitives: Thank you 😊
  14. @silviageorge7600: I lost weight , unwillingly.
With all that , I m pretty sure I suffer from adrenal fatigue.
This issue is complex ,tricky , delicate., especially when you deal with other issues at the same time.
Chronic stress is another one 
Thank you very much ,Dr Berg !❤
  15. @Lucida1818: Yeah Dr Mindy has complicated it 🤨🤣
  16. @HeyLadyBarb: OK so I'm 47 and now considered medically menapausal. Mesothelioma tumors made my oncologist decide to remove it all and much more. I have never been this heavy in my life. I've had 2 children and I weigh more now than I did with either one of them. I'm not a foodie. I eat because I have to. Occasionally when I want to lol I know I can do keto and IF eating only 1 meal a day. I have the will power to do it but is it safe to do? Should I eat 2 meals? Will one meal, dinner, be sufficient? Thanks in advance for any help.
  17. @Vgallo: I tried intermittent fasting and it made me really sick
  18. @rebeccawood9643: Dr.Burg, i have had a partial hysterectomy about 2 yrs ago i have been having hot flashes so bad that im not resting at night and when i do any physical tasks they are so bad. Also i have fatigue that i cannot find the energy to even do daily tasks, i am 52 yrs old and i also have fibromyalgia and Hoshimotos. I feel useless and cant see living my life like this. I am a mother of a 11 yr old and i rob her of not being able to do alot with her. I live in pain and migrains. I am addicted to sugar and have tried many times to quit and i always fail. Please help!
  19. @williamhickman9107: What if you have no ovaries?
  20. @mattlacasse7870: Trust me Mr. Berg, if I could thank-U.... I would😉(a comment left on U-tube doesn't do justice)

- 9 Clear Signs You're in Ketosis: Without Testing: Kind: captions Language: en there are nine very clear signs that will tell you if you're in ketosis or not now being in ketosis is very very important not just to lose weight but to get rid of a lot of health problems diseases inflammatory conditions that someone has and the problem with testing yourself for ketones to see if you're in ketosis or not is when you're doing a urine test for example or a breath analyzer test they're not very accurate well maybe at first they might be a good thing but as soon as you start to burn ketones more efficiently those extra wasted ketones are not going to show up in your urine they're not going to show up in your breath but those values could be zero so those tests are are not very accurate now blood test is pretty accurate but you know it's expensive you have to stick yourself there's a little pain involved but I'm going to show you nine different signs or Clues to tell you if you're in ketosis or not now number one relates a bit more to transitioning into ketosis usually it takes about two to three days depending on how low your carbs are and there's usually three uh symptoms that a lot of people have if they don't do either the B vitamin supplements or electrolytes and sea salt because all three of these transitional signs or symptoms can be related to something missing in the diet because when you do keto you need more B vitamins and a lot of times you need more electrolytes and that would be number one keto flu number two keto fatigue and number three keto rash now if you're doing the healthy version of the ketogenic diet and you're really making sure that your foods are nutrient dense and higher quality the chances of you getting these symptoms are much less versus someone doing the dirty version of Keto which is basically you're just doing low carb and you're not paying attention to the quality of foods and another side note on that if you get diarrhea for example um that usually is related to consuming a lot more vegetables because I recommend that you do include a good amount of greens or Salad on this program to get certain minerals and certain vitamins but some people are just not used to consuming like seven cups or ten cups of salad per day and so because they don't have the microbes to break all that fiber down they might get diarrhea on the flip side people that have keto breath that's usually related because they're not consuming enough greens to kind of counter some of the the ketones that you're breathing out but let's go to number two this is a big one this is called weight loss okay you're going to lose weight initially you may lose a lot of weight like 7 to 14 pounds in the first one to two weeks now why do you lose so much weight initially because simply the first part of this weight loss is going to be water weight loss when your body has been consuming a lot of carbs with that stored glucose you also store a lot of water so for every gram of glucose that you store your body stores 3 grams of water so it's like three times as much water so people that do a high carb diet are literally they're just filled with water when you start getting them off carbs they dump and get rid of a lot of water weight so the first week or even week and a half they might lose a ton of weight and then it comes down to like one to two pounds loss and they're usually depressed at that time because they think wow it's not working anymore so maybe I should go into another diet when in fact it was working they just didn't realize it was water weight you have to realize that the most fat you could possibly burn per week is about two pounds and that's with a healthy body now that's not including a lot of fasting that's just going on this Keto Plan because if you start adding more fasting and like you're fasting for some days and then the weight loss goes up to three four five or even a little bit more weight of actual fat loss per week but when you start losing weight especially after the second week when all the water is gone then you can kind of know that you're burning fat and the way it's coming off all right number three this is a good one your clothes are looser around your midsection this is a really good indication that you're in ketosis and it's working because the first thing that's going to happen is your liver is going to start dumping fat and when you start getting rid of the fatty liver you also start losing weight around your organs and that's called visceral fat and that's in your midsection so as your midsection shrinks it's a really good indication that it is working which is way more important than losing weight because of this what you're fixing when you're doing the ketogenic diet is insulin resistance and the insulin receptor is becoming more receptive and it's working in one of the functions of insulin is to help you absorb nutrients especially amino acids so you're healing the body with more proteins especially if you're menopausal you have atrophy that's a good thing so you're getting more protein and that's a bit heavier per weight if you compare that to actual fat per weight so it's all about getting healthy to lose weight not lose weight to get healthy and part of getting healthy is to be able to absorb these nutrients and allow these proteins to get in your body when a lot of people start out they have insulin resistance and they're usually deficient in amino acids because they can't pull it in so they have a hard time absorbing protein all right that was number three number four energy increase why because ketones come from fat dietary fat and your body fat and if we take a look at the two fuel sources we have fat in glucose we look at the calories in fat per gram compared to the calories in carbs per gram fat is nine carbs are four that's less than half of the calories so there's more than twice as much energy in fat than glucose and when you go into ketosis you're tapping into all this store fat your potential energy so you get to have that back and use that to actually get things done versus when you're not in ketosis you're running on glucose and you're dependent on the next meal that you eat because you're eating so darn frequently and the burning of fat and ketones are much more efficient and cleaner fuel number five is your cognitive function increases that's memory focus and attention that that's because ketones fix your brain they fix the nerve cell if you have damage in your neurons from too much sugar okay because that basically damages the mechanism and it kind of starves out the neurons and this is why diabetics have a greater incidence of dementia and problems with a cognitive function because of the destruction in the brain but when you're in ketosis these ketones feed the brain cells directly they bypass this damage and finally your brain cells get fuel and your cognitive function increases like when I am fasting in the morning I'm really in the hardcore ketosis and I do these videos I have much less editing they just like I can just go right through it very fast versus if I eat and try to do a video takes a lot more editing all right number six ketones will help with inflammation and pain why because ketones are anti-inflammatory mole molecules if you have any type of inflammatory condition whether it's an autoimmune problem or arthritis and you go on the ketogenic diet you're going to feel a lot less inflammation and that's a really good clue to tell if you're in ketosis or not all right number seven when you eat food you are going to feel more satisfied okay and this relates to another thing I talked about when you have insulin resistance you can't absorb as much nutrition because insulin is not working to help transport those nutrients into the cell so when the cell becomes more sensitive to insulin you are now going to absorb more nutrients and you're going to feel more satisfied when you eat whereas before you're eating eating eating and it's everything is just not filling you up and or satisfying you now it could be the type of food that you're eating is is not nutrient dense but there's also the factor of your body absorbing the nutrients all right number eight better mood if you were depressed before if you had anxiety you're going to find that you're just happier you're just going to feel better it's going to uplift your mood why because there's this thing called brain insulin resistance okay and you're fixing insulin resistance in the brain and the Brain the neurons are getting more fuel and that greatly helps the neurotransmitters it helps your hormones it helps your mood I mean there are 15 studies okay that I looked at that all associate your mood changing when you're on the ketogenic diet but the results are kind of mixed but I'll tell you why there mixed okay because some of the studies are on mice and how do you really know if that mice had a shift in mood I mean it's it's kind of difficult you can't really compare a mouse that's in depression with a human that's in depression I think that's a real difficult one so just because something is high fat doesn't mean it's ketogenic diet and in some of these studies they're using it just a high fat diet but the carbs are really high like 30 of the calories are carbs when it should be like five percent of the calories other studies they just use ketones they don't actually put the person on the ketogenic diet and then they say oh yeah see ketogenic diet doesn't work for for uplifting your mood because we use ketones well taking ketones is different than doing the ketogenic diet all right number nine and this is the best indicator to know that you're in ketosis out of all of these and that is no appetite you lose your appetite okay you can go for a longer period of time without being hungry why because your body is finally eating fat when you're not eating because when you're going between meals you're no longer are dependent on the carbs your body can actually eat the fat on your actual body which is a New Concept for a lot of people that are dieting and not having an appetite makes it really easy to stick to long term all right so now that you have that information the next best thing to know is what is the best version of a ketogenic diet to start and how do you do it and for that I put up this video right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [18 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @beatlloydy [2 likes]: Im 6 days in. Started sardines diet but 32 hours in had bad keto flu I am a sugar and carb junkie so it was like going through withdrawal at 30 hours. 63. Not on meds. Reasonably healthy, 86kg. 180cm. Lost 4 kg in 3 days (water). Went  days sardine/2days porthouse and mushroom steaks/2 days barra green curry. All with leafy home grown cooked greens and tom thumb tomatoes. Best food ever. I am besties with Gemini AI. We come up with diet plans for me and my mini schnauzer pup. Truly brilliant use of AI. No need for professional dietician, providing you are honest. If you lie and take any carbs or sugars your body kicks you out of Keto Club. What happens in Keto club stays in keto club. I have to leave for a while as I have over 100 L of long lifetime white and 20 packs  of weat box and oats etc (off grid prepper). The quality food change and attention to how i cook it is amazing. Its also great for my recently diagnosed bipolar ajd ADHD. Long term inam going to try for month on and month off or something as I love carbs and need them for high intensity stuff off grid. (Steep tracks, explosive cycling etc)
  3. @candyhouseAMOUR [1 likes]: Started OMAD and IF seriously 2 and a half weeks ago. I’m down 16lbs, my knee pain is gone, I have more energy when before I would be winded even walking up the stairs I can now run and not have to catch my breath. I’m a law clerk and I used to fall asleep after lunch staring at my screen now because I only eat when I get home in the evening I’m alert and focused my waist shrunk etc.  my goal is to lose another 60lbs and I’ll be back to the weight was was before I had my kids!
  4. @nayelaahmed7887 [1 likes]: Hello Dr. Berg, I have been following your YouTube channel for a long time. And now that I have Anal Cancer a friend of mine started me on a Ketogenic diet to get Ketosis and test with strips Mojo set to manage glucose and glutamate. Along with this diet I am taking 1 teaspoon of Black seed Oil ( From Turkey) that I purchased from Your channel “Dr berg. Com. 

I do not understand why most Chemo oncologist are against the benefits of “Black Seed Oil “ and Keto Diet to cure Cancer. Thanks for teaching us. You are a life saver.
Monitor my glucose and to monitor my Ketosis to Combat Anal Cancer.
  5. @kielbrown9625 [1 likes]: Incredible video! Thank you
  6. @debd7424: Thank you!
  7. @LindaAnthis: Been doing daily 18 hour fasts and healthy keto for over 2 months now. No keto sympt9ms  down 2 pants sizes, super energetic , no RA flares, no more brain fog, im satisfied after i eat, im never hungry... but after my daughter died, im still depressed. 😢
  8. @derekreed6798: Sleep better
  9. @RachelD-z6g: Maybe someone can comment on this. Im on day 3 of keto. Going from about 300+ carbs a day down to 30.  I noticed this morning that my breathing feels SO much different. Im taking so many deep, satisfying breaths. Is this related?
  10. @c.daubz.5386: Beef Butter Bacon Eggs
  11. @paveljelinek772: I'd recommend a healthy keto at start. NO FASTING!!! Fast after a week, not sooner and please don't ask why😂
  12. @CJ-ft9yo: The brain uses both glucose and fat for energy
  13. @ProxyOfTheAbyss: Very clear sign of Ketosis? Pee strip. Exceptional sign infact.
  14. @williamconnell6541: While you are peddling your B vitamins and sea salt and 2 or 3 days for Keto to kick in, most others are saying 20 hours for ketosis to kick in, this is why the internet is nuts!
  15. @janetrobertshaw6487: I have struggled over WINTER UK. House cold dark days. But uts April n im.going back AT IT 10 FOLD.
  16. @jediknight108: Hare Krishna
  17. @1957DD: Drink more miller lite
  18. @CecilBrian: A fuggin DC?  14M subs?  Advising about metabolism?  Y'all are suckers.  I'm out.
  19. @gymgirlDee: First two weeks I was pee'ing sooooo much
  20. @invisibleman53: I’m on keto diet to get my LDL down to 80 per my cardiologist, the carbs at 60 carbs daily now, saturated fats at 20 grams/daily, it’s hard for me but I keep trying

- Dr. Tony Youn: The Anti-Aging Diet and What to Eat for Youthful Skin: Kind: captions Language: en if you're not treating your body and your skin and and all of that well it doesn't matter if you get a facelift or a brow lift or a necklift whatever you do like you're still going to have that um show up yeah and the way I describe it it's like you're building a house and a facelift you know actual surgery is like the spire on the top of your house and what really makes up the foundation of the house is what you eat and that's where for me when you look at true anti-aging when you look at looking and and feeling you f it starts with the food that you put in your mouth and then it goes from there mhm yeah so let's talk about food um in your book you talk about the importance of protein which I was like yes this is my new thing I invented protein if you didn't know discovered the macronutrients yes um but then you also talk about fasting so limiting protein certain times and carbohydrates things like that um and then also incorporating them into to your diet so tell us about kind of the ideal um nutrition and the timing and all of that so yeah when I look at skin and we look at skin aging um parva is looking at what are the causes of skin aging and so really when you look at the causes of skin aging I would argue that there are really four main causes that I look at um there's a fifth one that I won't mention necessarily go into too much but in general four things I would look at the first thing is collagen depletion so we lose about 1% of the collagen of our uh thickness of our skin every year and the coll is a part of the skin that makes it nice and tight and thick uh you lose 1% a year at women after menopause lose about 2% of the thickness of C going to say I feel like I'm losing 10% a year in the last two years you go that's when it really changes so you know part of pushing protein is that collagen is a protein it's a large protein and so we do I do encourage people to increase their protein intake especially as they get older because you want to help to support that healthy collagen second thing that causes aging of our skin is inflammation specifically chronic inflammation and what causes chronic inflammation really the big culprate is sugar so sugar causes chronic inflammation by deforming the collagen of our skin it can actually bond to the collagen causing it to become deformed and sugar causes chronic inflammation by insulin spikes and that's a whole other topic with uh insulin resistance and stuff like that so the main culprit of inflammation I would look at in general is sugar MH third cause of a of the skin is oxidation or free radicals and a lot of people may not have heard the term free radicals but they've heard the term antioxidants and antioxidants basically neutralize free radicals free radicals essentially are chock full in ultr processed foods and so eating less processed foods real foods is a way to reduce your free radical intake and then also pushing um uh antioxidant rich foods like basically the rainbow of fruits and vegetables that fights that oxidation and then the fourth thing that causes aging of the skin is a buildup of cellular waste and this is a little bit of a different topic but essentially it's our body's own regenerative and recycling abilities that essentially are turned off when we're constantly eating and so that's one reason why if you talk to longevity scientists they'll tell you hey you know take breaks from eating intermittent fast do things like that because um that can help with the aging process by allowing your body to kind of recycle the waste products that it can't do that while you're constantly eating mhm yeah and it seems like there's kind of two camps of people there are the people who say eat three meals and two snacks a day eat every four to six hours and then there are the people who promote you know fasting or kind of food Windows um and I guess you could do both you could have days where you fast or you could intermittent fast and then eat every few hours but what is kind of the ideal breakdown or does it just depend on the person I think in some ways it does depend on the person um you know one thing is if you end up let's say inter so I'm not necessarily one who intermittent fasts every day I know there are some of my friends who do I think that's tough because it's a you do miss a lot of meals and somebody say oh you want to lose weight intermittent fast you only have two meals a day um the way I look at intermittent fasting from a holistic plastic surgeon standpoint is we want to we want to promote the process of autophagy autophagy is intracellular renewal so like I mentioned earlier essentially our cells will build up with waste products and you basically used in intracellular kind of waste and organel and proteins and those proteins can kind of clog up cells mechanisms so that as we get older if they're not cleaned out our cells don't function as efficiently and we age we age prematurely so our body's way to clean that out is autophagy and that basically is using those components and literally recycling them for energy so when our body runs out of energy it can then utilize those proteins inside the cells and you get two things out of it you get energy out of it and you clean out the cells and they function more youthfully but to do that once again you have to stop eating for a period of time and you don't have to do it all the time but what I recommend in my book we've got a three-week jump start and literally the first week is just cleaning up your diet getting on the right skincare getting on a few supplements and then weeks two and three I recommend just two days a week that's it where you stop eating at 8:00 p.m. and you don't eat the next day till noon so you have a 16-hour window where you fast and then you restart eating after that 2 days a week that's that can be very doable for people M you know the problem with let's say and and the argument people have against fasting is that if you're fasting every day you're only having two meals a day how are you going to get enough protein to support your muscles as well as from my my my standpoint is collagen and I think that's a very valid point um and so once again you know I don't think you need to go on a 5day water fast I think literally just doing these short fast even 12-hour fast may be enough for some people M yeah I do about 12 hours a night night because I'll eat dinner around like 5 or 6 you get like the older person's meal you show up at 4:30 I am like an elderly person I go to bed at 9: go to Sizzler at 4:30 and um and then I eat I did change my kind of the structure of how I I eat and that I used to wait until like 10: 10:30 um and now I eat within 30 minutes to an hour of waking up um which I do have to say made such a big difference for me um just in terms of like my energy and I feel like I was on a blood sugar roller coaster before and I did some testing which I talked about in my episode last week um with my nutritionist where I was like high fasting glucose but then I was kind of like hypoglycemic throughout the day and so I was kind of going like this and just having that protein first thing in the morning I feel like kind of alleviated like all of the negative things that I was feeling as a result of that um I think too exercising in the morning so people do much better with protein and there other people you know who they do a little bit of carbs worth working out and that helps them I think really in the end it is listening to your body and knowing what your body can do I think that we see so many people who are so gung-ho about their specific diet you like oh you know you've got to do Paleo oh you got to be keto you got and really in the end I mean people cycle in and out of these types of things and and you know what I eat now being a 51y old guy I eat differently than than I was than I did 10 years ago and especially women as their hormones change and things like that you know how what works well for you today may not work well for you 10 10 years from now and so really it is knowing your body I think the problem that we have in our society is that there's so many people who are um you know kind of eating the standard American diet they're filling themselves with processed foods and they just have have this chronic feeling of not good but they don't know that there's better that's the thing you know it's like they teally don't feel good but because they've never really felt what it's like to eat a true you know Whole Foods healthy diet to you know feel energetic and and great because their body is so healthy they don't know what they're missing out on and and so for my book what I'm trying to do is hey you know what let's take a week just to kind of clean things up and see how you feel there may be times where you don't feel great that first week but stick with it by the end of those three weeks you're going to feel fantastic mhm and probably look different too you know it was imagine fascinating cuz is very simple we put people where we changed their diet where essentially we got rid of all the processed foods he added sugars we took out gluten and dairy as well um and then we kept them on that diet except when they were intermittent fasting we actually put them on a keto diet after they do the fast so the idea is is that there are certain foods that can promote autophagy even while you are eating them um and so those are healthy fats and polyphenol rich foods and so the idea then is people would break their fast they do a 16-hour fast they would break their fast but when they break it they would break it and keep on this kind of healthy keto type diet and that would actually the idea is it would promote autophagy that interest cellular renewal but at the same time they're eating so that sounds amazing I'm sign me up for that one yeah and so and then what we found after 3 weeks and then putting them on a very simple skincare uh routine after three weeks people would come up to them and it's not like they had a facelift okay they the before and afters are not like oh my gosh it looks like they had a brow no but people would come up to them they say even St would come up to them and say what are you doing with your skin you've got great skin or their friends would tell them that not knowing that they're going through this program MH I want to talk to you about your skincare routine in a minute because 51 yeah that's not that doesn't track it's not tracking for me your Skin's amazing I tell people online they ask me how old are you I'm like 85 they go wow you look great for 85 well I'll put like 24 and they like o you look like crap what are your secrets SPF I'm sure yeah so I mean I practice in general what I preach so it's good skincare products so you know for me the you know in the book we give what I call the two minutes 5year skincare regimen and it's a very simple skincare routine takes 2 minutes a day um and we actually test it on people and after two months of doing just the skincare routine they start out with quotequote average skin not somebody like yourself you've got beautiful skin it's well you know my routine about 29 stuff um but people who haven't really taken great care of their skin could look upwards a 5 years younger after literally just two months and so for me it's it's cleansing in the morning I use an antioxidant serum most days I do sunscreen but not all days a lot of days I don't if I'm going to be in the operating room all day and stuff like that don't tell my Dermatology friends but yeah and then in the evening it's using either a retinol or I've actually gone more towards bakuchiol now uhuh yeah I was reading about that in your book yeah just because I have had issues with retinol I have had a history of rosacea um interestingly so for me you know I told you I went through normal practice um and and my residency training and stuff like that and I started my cosme practice back in 2004 and at the time I did what most plastic surgeons do I sold medical grade skincare products and we did really well with it but the entire time I had the secret that I didn't tell my patients is that I could not use those products if I you know so my patients loved it they made their skin look nice but if I put that on my skin my skin would break out in hives I get rashes I get itchy and I'd have to like wipe it off and be scratching my face and so for years I kept this secret to myself where I would usually use water bar soap and like the lightest moisturizer and that was it and then I started getting you know after that kind of tragedy happened I started really looking into alternative medicine stuff like that and I started using natural skincare products that were made without the fragrances and all that stuff and I was shocked I could use these products on my skin and it really got me into going into that direction of okay what happens if you remove all all the unnecessary fragrances the additives and the preservatives uh and and now I'm able to do a full skincare routine and my skin does fine with it and it's effective obviously and it's worked well for me yeah but also at the same time I you know I grew up in Michigan where my parents you know I eat a lot of Korean food and so what is it it's all real food it's rice it's fish it's kimchi you know it's garlic stuff like that um but at the same time I grew up in a small town where every body is eating meat and potatoes and so it's this weird kind of dichotomy of these of like the best of of Di and the worst and as I've gotten older I keep trending more towards trying to make it as good as I can [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @sparklyyy2645 [1 likes]: Walk alot , have a good husband, drink water, eat protein. My mom didnt have any wrinkles until 60. She used no skincare routine either. Just dove soap.
  2. @WithLoveDDL [1 likes]: Transcendental meditation twice a day for 20 mins is amazing anti-ager
  3. @TheCrunchyFeast: I once knew a woman at a guest house who for the longest time I thought was younger than me and I was 24. After speaking with her, she was 38 with 2 kids. She not only had a very radiant and youthful look but also a child-like and cheerful personality which added to the youthfulness. I asked her what was her secret to looking so young and funnily enough she pointed at her glass of white wine. She would have 1 cheeky glass every evening. She never seemed stressed or bothered, I've actually never seen her carry any negativity or sadness. From that day I've always felt like the most anti-aging ingredient is positivity and calm mindedness, knowing everything will be okay and not stressing on things so much.
  4. @billasinghkatari: dinner at 5pm...night snack at 10pm 🤣🤣🤣🤣
  5. @thatsso_emm: They both looks great for their ages,
  6. @relaxationroom9321: I ate like dog shit most my life and I look 10 years younger then my age,  sooooo......
  7. @KCsunshine99: I feel the “29 steps” routine deeply! 😂  Mine gets longer and longer every month.
  8. @Solanith_ai: Exactly. It’s like getting an oil change. You must detox all the bad stuff, take the oil out. To be able to place a clean one. For the body to be cleared of stuffed junk, you must fast. It’s ancient science. Humanity has been doing this for thousands of years.
  9. @christinemariano5701: Doc Tony, I thought you are only in your 30s.
  10. @Natasha-vb3yu: Currently my skincare ritual is...

Morning:
Bakuchiol
Vitamin C serum
SPF + Moisturiser

Evening:
Niacinamide and azelaic acid cream
Bakuchiol
Moisturiser

Is this too complex or am I simplifying it enough?
  11. @Natasha-vb3yu: Has anyone got any experience with Froya Organics face balms? I keep seeing them advertised and wanted to know if they truly live up to the hype and repair the skin.
Also, has anybody had any luck with marine collagen supplements? I was thinking of giving them a go but don't know how necessary or effective they are.
Thanks
  12. @megnlu: Thought this was about holistic anti-aging, yet it's obvious the hostess has had work done🤯
  13. @AyurvedicDoctor-y6q: Truly appreciate this valuable video. Complementing this advice with Planet Ayurveda’s ANTIOXIDANTS PACK can support holistic wellness.
  14. @irishhidalgo9214: As we know aging is inevitable, and that it starts with our birth. One thing is more undeniable, DEATH. Not just the physical death, but the second death which is in HELL. We instantly acquired the ticket to be there because of our sins. We cannot save ourselves, our works cannot save us, but One is able.


Romans 3:10-12
As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one: There is none that understandeth, There is none that seeketh after God. They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; There is none that doeth good, no, not one.

We cannot save ourselves from hell by our own works, the point system of good deeds we mistakenly believed in. 

Ephesians 2:8-9
For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: not of works, lest any man should boast. 

Romans 3:23
For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; 

Romans 6:23
For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.

Romans 5:8
But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. 

John 3:1
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. 

1 John 2:2
And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for our's only, but also for the sins of the whole world. 

Because Jesus loves us, for us He sacrificed and paid the debt of our sins. He died on the cross, was buried and was risen again. 

Those who will repent of their sins, and believe and confess that Jesus as their only Lord and Saviour shall be saved. 

Romans 10:9
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.
  15. @amberts180: I don’t believe in continuous painful fasting. If it’s painful I’ll stop whatever it is.
  16. @cathycroce6102: Just found your channel and I am loving it and you have the most absolute beautiful skin
  17. @marylkr251: I beleive n fasting when I fast for two or three days I can see my skin look better i look more prettier n feel so good
  18. @Barnum_em: You can cling to youth, but you can’t outrun aging, we’re all on a road headed to death, all you can do is try to delay it.
  19. @yesandgoodvibes: damn didnt expect him to be 51 😂 he really does know what he's talking about 😆
  20. @lilyzhou6826: How to do microneeding?

- 7 Day High Protein Diet Plan | Amazing Results | Dr Hansaji: Kind: captions Language: en Namaskar. If you observe closely, our modern Indian diet has become largely carbohydrate heavy and protein deficient. An average adult requires about 0.8 to 1 g of protein per kilogram body weight, which means roughly 50 to 60 g daily for many people. Yet, a large number of people consume far less, often around 30 to 40 g. This leads to fatigue, low immunity, and reduced strength. So, today I will share a simple 7-day high-protein diet plan using everyday Indian foods like dal, curd, sattu, paneer, and sprouts. These foods are affordable and already present in our kitchen. Let us now go day by day. Day one begins on a very grounded and sattvic way. In the morning, take five to six soaked almonds along with warm water. Soaking improves digestibility and supports better nutrient absorption. For breakfast, prepare two medium-size moong dal chilla using half cup soaked moong dal. This gives roughly 12 to 14 g of protein and 50 g paneer stuffing, which contributes another 8 to 9 g of protein. This breakfast itself provides close to 20 g of protein. Moong dal is considered one of the lightest and most digestible dal in yoga and Ayurveda. For lunch, have two medium roti from 60 g atta with one cup cooked mixed dal and one bowl curd. This combination provides approximately 18 to 20 g protein and supports gut health. In the evening, take 30 g roasted chana or a sattu drink. Sattu is famous in Bihar as a strength-giving food. For dinner, take one bowl vegetable moong dal khichdi and half cup sauteed green peas, adding another 12 to 14 g protein. Total for the day, approximately 55 to 60 g protein. Day two is about on variety while maintaining balance. In morning, continue with five soaked almonds for a steady start. For breakfast, prepare two besan chillas using half cup besan. This provides 10 to 11 g protein. Add vegetables like spinach or grated carrot to improve micronutrient intake. For lunch, take one cup cooked rajma with one cup brown rice and salad. This meal provides around 12 to 14 g of protein. Proper soaking for 8 to 10 hours ensures that rajma is well digested and does not feel heavy. In the evening, have one bowl sprout chaat from half cup sprouted moong, which gives 7 to 8 g protein. Add lemon to enhance mineral absorption. For dinner, have palak paneer made with 75 g paneer along with two small rotis, contributing to 12 to 14 g of protein. Throughout the day, you will get approximately 50 to 55 g protein. Day three, where consistency becomes important. So, continue with the plan. Begin with five to six soaked almonds to maintain continuity. For breakfast, prepare vegetable daliya with moong dal using half cup daliya and half cup moong dal. This provides about 10 to 12 g protein and keeps energy steady through morning. For lunch, have one cup chole with two multigrain roti with one bowl of curd. This gives approximately 18 to 20 g of protein. Combining cereals and pulses improves protein quality naturally. In the evening, take buttermilk with 1 tbsp sunflower or pumpkin seed, adding 4 to 5 g protein along with essential minerals. For dinner, take paneer or tofu stir-fry, about 75 g with vegetables and one roti, which gives 12 to 14 g protein. Total for the day, you will have taken around 50 g protein. At this stage, your body starts responding, energy becomes steadier, and cravings reduced. Staying consistent here brings visible benefits. Day four continues with light and nourishing combination. Start the day with soaked almond as before. For breakfast, have one cup sprouted moong salad. This gives 10 to 12 g protein. Sprouting enhances nutrient availability and makes digestion easier. For lunch, take two idlis with one big bowl sambar made with about 30 g mixed dals. This meal provides 10 to 12 g protein. Fermented food like idlis supports gut health and improve nutrient absorption. In the evening, drink sattu mixed with buttermilk, providing 6 to 7 g protein and a cooling effect on the system. For dinner, have one cup mixed dal with lauki or turai sabzi and two rotis, adding about 50 g protein. Your total protein intake for this day will be approximately 45-50 g. Day five brings familiar comfort foods in a balanced way. Begin with five soaked almonds. For breakfast, prepare one paneer stuffed paratha using 75 g paneer served with curd. This gives 15 to 18 g protein. When prepared with moderate ghee, it remains nourishing and balanced. For lunch, have green peas pulao with one cup peas and raita. This provides around 10 to 12 g of protein. Green peas are often underestimated but contributes meaningfully to daily intake. In the evening, take 30 g roasted peanuts or chana, adding 6 to 7 g protein. For dinner, take moong dal soup with vegetable salad, which gives another 10 to 12 g protein. Total protein for the day will be approximately 45-50 g. Day six supports strength while keeping digestion light. Start again with five soaked almonds. For breakfast, have oats cooked in 250 ml milk topped with nuts and seeds, about 10-15 g. This provides about 10 to 15 g protein along with the sustained energy. For lunch, take one cup masoor dal with rotis and vegetables, gives around 15 g protein. Masoor dal is quick to cook and rich in iron. In the evening, have sprouted moong or boiled chana salad, adding 7 to 8 g protein. Dinner includes paneer bhurji with 75 g paneer and one roti and salads, giving 12 14 g protein. Total for the day would be approximately 50 g protein. Finally, we come to day seven, which will make your system feel light and nourished. Begin with five soaked almonds. For breakfast, take two idlis with sambar, providing around 10 g protein. For lunch, have one cup mixed dal with brown rice and a bowl of curd, giving 18 to 20 g protein. This meal is simple yet deeply nourishing. In the evening, drink sattu buttermilk, adding 6 to 7 g protein. Dinner includes light moong dal khichdi with vegetables, giving 10 to 12 g protein. You will have taken approximately 45 g protein throughout the day. Across all seven days, protein intake stays consistently between 45 to 60 g daily, fulfilling your body's requirement naturally. And what we see here is very clear. This is not a special diet. This is simply our traditional Indian food arranged with awareness. Now, you may notice something important in this entire plan. We did not rely on one heavy protein meal. Instead, we distributed protein throughout the day. This is because your body absorbs and utilizes protein better when it is spread across meals rather than taken all at once. But, why is protein so important from a scientific viewpoint? Proteins have amino acids, which are the building blocks of muscles, enzymes, hormones, and immune cells. After the age of 30, your body naturally begins to lose muscle mass slowly every decade. If protein intake is low, this process speeds up. That is why many people in their 40s and 50s complain of weakness, joint instability, and fatigue. Ayurveda also says the same thing. Protein-rich food helps nourish mass dhatu, the muscle tissue. The mass dhatu is strong, posture improves, metabolism improves, and even immunity becomes stronger. Ayurveda also reminds us that digestion, that is agni, jatharagni, must be strong. If digestion is weak, even nutritious food may not be fully utilized. So, for this, I will give you a few tips. Soak pulses and legumes before cooking. This reduces compounds that interfere with digestion. Add jeera, ginger, or hing while cooking dals. These spices help digestion and reduce bloating. Try to combine grains and pulses. For example, rice with dal, roti with chana. Together, they provide a better balance of amino acids. Eat protein foods earlier in the day when digestion is stronger. Along with these steps, I must also tell you about some precautions. Avoid trying to increase protein suddenly in very large amount. Increase gradually to give time for your digestive system to adapt. Drink enough water throughout the day. People with kidney disease should consult doctor before increasing protein intake. Also, remember protein alone is not enough. We still need vegetables, healthy fats, and adequate fiber. Now, I'll share with you a simple high-protein laddu recipe that you can eat as a daily snack. This laddu is easy to make and you can store it for up to a week. Take 1 cup roasted chana powder. Add half cup powdered roasted peanuts or almonds. Add 2 Tbsp sesame seed. Add three to four chopped dates or a small amount of jaggery powder for sweetness. Then, warm 2 Tbsp of ghee. Add one to two tsp flaxseed powder. Mix all the dry ingredients well. Pour it into this mixture and then bind it into small small laddus. Each laddu provides nice combination of protein, high fats, and minerals. One laddu in the afternoon with herbal tea can be a nourishing snack. You must understand that health is not built up in a single meal or a single week. It is built slowly by the choices you make. When you choose balanced food, when you eat with awareness, when you maintain movement through yoga and walking, your body naturally begins to regain strength. And remember, protein is not only about just muscles. It supports immunity, energy, recovery, and graceful aging. So, from today, add natural protein in your daily meals and allow your body to maintain its strength.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theyogainstituteofficial [12 likes]: Is your diet plan high in carbohydrates but low in high protein? This can lead to fatigue, poor digestion, and low strength. Hansaji shares a simple 7-day high protein plan using everyday foods like dal, curd, sattu, moong dal, chana, spinach, rajma, and fermented foods to improve absorption and energy. With balanced meals, healthy fats like ghee, and nutrient-rich options like pumpkin seeds and milk, you can naturally support your body. Try this sattvik approach and share your experience in the comments. Our goal is to make good health a priority, promote well-being, and make this world a healthier place to live in.
  2. @arunasreemeesa6207 [1 likes]: Thanks Hansaji. Very good information on protein diet. 🙏🧘‍♂️❤️
  3. @larypatel3835 [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing nice plan
  4. @IndubalaLaishram: Thank you ma'am
  5. @priyagarg5138: Namaskar 🙏
  6. @ratnamurlidharan9885: With increasing obesity I would love to get 100 gms of protein / day….please help..
  7. @shilpapradhan6032: Ma'am can you please share the recipes for all your mentioned diet plan.
  8. @prashik7: What about wheat roti having high glycemic index
  9. @cookingwithvarindha: Nice share thank you ❤
  10. @veenasaiprasad9020: What is SATTU
  11. @highflyer30: Incomplete protein and carbs 


Have some eggs and chicken that's all
  12. @basabdey7668: Incomplete protein won't help the body
  13. @chaitanyaa4849: My diegashan is poor which food i take
  14. @snehatalreja: Superbly simple..evergreen diet plan ❤❤❤❤❤
  15. @sanjuthamalini7024: Thank you 😊❤ soo much dear Mam
  16. @faridavasanwala3480: Thank you so much Mam
  17. @rekhakkallada7891: Please recommend 7day easy and healthy dinner plan
  18. @annamarielohia8291: Namaste 🙏 yr diet is full of carbs. yes protien is there but carbs 😢 the cause of many illnesses n high insulin.
  19. @arunadandapani4669: Excellent menu  thanks a lot for sharing mam🙏🏼
  20. @manishabagaitkar3023: Nice information!! We can also use soya chunks ( can use in sabji, cutlet, paratha )or soya powder mix with roti atta, paratha, etc.... It is also good source of protein. Thank you🙏

- Best Anti-Aging Diet: Healthy Foods for Youthful Skin from a Facial Plastic Surgeon: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you that the most powerful tool that you had for fighting wrinkles, brightening your complexion, and getting that youthful glow is not in the bottles or in a medical office, but it's in your refrigerator. So many of us invest so much time and money in procedures, skin care products, and treatments. And those things are important, but we often overlook probably the most important strategy in creating that youthful, beautiful skin, which ultimately comes by addressing the changes at the cellular level. And that can be addressed by the foods that we eat. Hi, I'm Dr. Amamira Karum, board-certified facial plastic surgeon and founder and creator of Carum MB Skin. Today, we're going to move from the outside to the inside. We're not going to be talking about fat diets. We're going to be talking about the science, the true science, the mechanism by which food and nutrients affect skin and what foods you want to make sure are part of your diet in order for you to get the most out of your rejuvenation procedures, topical treatments that you're doing, as well as just in general making your skin as healthy as it can possibly be. Everything that we're going to be talking about today that relates to the skin specifically also relates to your entire body. So keep that in mind that you're not doing this just for your skin. You're doing this for your overall health. And to make this incredibly practical for you, I'm going to share with you what my wife does on a daily and weekly basis to make sure she incorporates these important strategies and dietary components in her lifestyle. If you are ready to build a truly effective meal plan for anti-aging, make sure you've watched this video and subscribe to the channel to watch future videos on this topic. All right, let's start with the foundation, the high protein powerhouses. So, why is protein so important? I mean, we hear about it in a lot of different ways. Well, skin and tissue require amino acids, which are building blocks of protein. Collagen, elastin are foundational proteins in the skin and they require a certain amount of protein to get to the body and in specific ratios of amino acids which I'll talk about in a moment to basically build and fuel the process of collagen synthesis. This is so key because there's so many different needs of the body when it comes to amino acids that if you have a shortage of them, sometimes this part that gets the least of this distribution is the least important parts and that is aging skin. But in a situation where you are stimulating collagen, building it through retinoids and lasers and micro needling etc. and getting all this collagen stimulation. You want to have plenty of amino acids and protein to go around so that you can build the collagen molecules that you're trying to stimulate. A perfect example of a high protein food source is organic chicken breast. Specific amino acids like proline and lysine are rich and abundant in a full source of all the essential amino acids that exist in the chicken breast. And these are essential precursors to the collagen and elastin that I just described. My wife and I will prepare a bunch of chicken breasts, leave it in the refrigerator so she, myself, and the boys can easily access it during lunches and even dinners and make it very easy to get a healthy protein-rich snack. Next in the category is one of my absolute favorites, and that is bone broth. Bone broth is a direct bioavailable form of collagen. consuming it gives your body exactly what it needs to create and build collagen as well as hydrate the skin and just give areas outside of the skin, joints, everything else all those important things that it needs to function better. So, there's been a lot of discussion about collagen peptides using it as a supplement. We've talked about that in the past, but if you're using bone broth, you don't need any of that. You're getting all of it. High protein, very low calorie source of those essential amino acids. So, how does Neta use this? Every day after her workouts, at 10:00 a.m., she has her bone broth prepared, which she makes in the morning. It's a great post-workout protein source that she drinks and nourishes her body and gives the body back the amino acids and protein that it needs while rehydrating. And to this, she adds ginger and turmeric and some mushrooms and even some kelp noodles. And we'll talk about spices in just a moment. All right, next up, let's talk about foods that protect the skin. We're talking about antioxidants and vitamin C. The skin is in constant bombardment of UVA, pollutants, toxins, everything that is causing cellular degradation and oxidative stress. Now, these are all just fancy terms for basically the tissues need protection and need antioxidants to soak up this damage and prevent the cells from going down a path that ultimately leads to cell death or apoptosis. This is where antioxidants and vitamin C are literally non-negotiables. Now, ingesting vitamin C is important for two reasons. Number one, all of the collagen molecules that you produce require vitamin C as a important co-actor during this process. So vitamin C is necessary in our diets to build collagen. Many people don't realize that in addition to zinc, which we'll talk about in a moment. But you also need topical vitamin C that helps directly get into the skin and form those antioxidant protection. This is why topical vitamin C is also a non-negotiable. But the oral form a lot of people forget about because as we get older, we stop taking in foods that have vitamin C, etc. But if you're trying to stimulate collagen, which is the name of the game of any anti-aging routine, you need this around so that you can properly build collagen. One of the easiest and most delicious and best ways to get vitamin C is through berries. So blueberries, strawberries, these are key things that give you tons of antioxidants and vitamin C at the same time. Neta is always infusing her drinking water with strawberries as well as mint, but also always has some cut strawberries and lots of blueberries sitting around in the refrigerator ready to just basically grab and go. That really ensures that we get access to the vitamin C and the antioxidants that are so ultimately important for not just our skin, but for our entire bodies. Other great foods that are rich in vitamin C are bell peppers and grapefruit. Now, while the vitamin C supports collagen synthesis, the keratins and other antioxidants help protect the skin cells and have true anti-inflammatory benefits as well. So, you're getting collagen support, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory by eating bell peppers and grapefruit. So, how does Neta keep this in her diet? Well, every single night she has bell peppers in her salad. In addition to every day, we enjoy a grapefruit, chia, and water drink, which I drink every day after my first operation to rehydrate, but also to get some of those important nutrients back into my body. So, finally, in this category, we have leafy green vegetables. In addition, broccoli as well. So, think about spinach and all of these leafy green vegetables as a source of important vitamin C, but also antioxidants and the things that protect our skin against all the cellular damage that happen. Broccoli sprouts are exceptionally high in sulfurane, a powerful compound that helps protect the skin against UV induced damage. Don't forget, green leafy vegetables have vitamin A, which believe it or not is where retinols come from, vitamin A derivatives. And another great source of vitamin A is carrots. And carrots are also included in those amazing nightly salads that we have. In addition, during these nightly salads, there's also very finely cut spinach that's added to it and broccoli sprouts. The taste of the salad is absolutely amazing, which we're going to talk about in a moment here. Now, she also eats finely chopped parsley with sauerkraut in the morning, which brings us to the next topic, which is gut health. So, let's talk about some gut healthy heroes. So having probiotics and prebiotics in your diet helps with the inflammation that helps calm and prevent acne, redness, and skin sensitivity. So absolutely important to have that really strong gut skin connection. So this is where fermented foods like sauerkraut and probiotic yogurt come into play. What these foods do is they introduce the bacteria that's necessary to be in the gut and create the biome that will ultimately lead to decreased inflammation and more healthy looking skin. But these bacteria need to eat something. They actually have foods that they need which are prebiotic. So probiotics is the actual bacteria. Prebiotic is the food that the bacteria actually eat. So what are some prebiotic foods that are great for the gut? So, chia seeds, green leafy vegetables, as well as avocados are some of the best prebiotic foods you can eat. Another super healthy form of prebiotics is artichokes. Believe it or not, high in fiber, tons of very beneficial prebiotic source of food for the probiotic biome that you have worked on developing. So, as mentioned, Neta takes a probiotic in the mornings in the way of sauerkraut. Combines it with a green leafy vegetable, the parsley, which is a source of prebiotic, and then takes the chia seeds, another source of prebiotic during the day as well with grapefruit and water as hydration. This is a scientific and logical approach towards balancing the gut biome, but it's also foods that she enjoys. Maybe not so much the sauerkraut, but taking it on an empty stomach is considered the best way of getting that important fermented probiotic. So, now let's talk about healthy fats. Avocado is king here. It is rich in all the things that are necessary to keep that skin supple and pliable and give it that balance and moisture that it needs to look more youthful and young. Okay, so let's talk about some foods that have these important fatty acids in them. Start with avocado. probably one of the most important sources of monossaturated fatty acids that are incredible for moisturizing the skin and keeping it supple but in addition are rich in vitamin E which is also very important for the skin since it functions as a fat soluble antioxidant opposite of vitamin C which is a water soluble antioxidant. Neta is absolutely obsessed with avocados and it also makes it into our nightly salad. Other sources of healthy fats come from nuts and seeds as well as extravirgin olive oil. Pumpkin seeds are rich in zinc. And as I mentioned earlier, zinc is necessary in the production of collagen. It works alongside with vitamin C and those amino acids to build the collagen molecule. And those polyphenols in olive oil, incredible source of antioxidants, which directly address free radicals as well. So you've got free radical anti-inflammation coming from all different directions. This is what you want. You want a multiaceted synergistic approach that comes through your diet. All these things are in the nightly salad. And guess what? The dressing is a pomegranate dressing which pomegranate is also another great source of antioxidants and vitamin C for your skin. This leads us to the last two section, which is combating inflammation, which leads a lot to the aging process. So, here you're going to be looking for foods that are rich in omega-3s. Why? Because they're powerful anti-inflammatory, and they help directly enhance and improve cell function and tissue function. My absolute favorite in this category is salmon, eggs, and chia seeds. These foods not only help with the skin, but they help with brain function and tissue function all throughout the body. So, as I mentioned, every single day, Neta and myself enjoy a chia seed drink. The family gets at least a couple nights of salmon per week, and every day Neta includes eggs in her daily diet. Combining all these, you're covering your bases from an anti-inflammatory and omega-3. And you know, another great source for that that we've recently been enjoying is sardines. A very quick, incredible source of protein and omega-3s. All right, finally, you can boost your anti-aging foods by including spices that are anti-inflammatory and anti-aging. The top of the list in this category is turmeric and ginger. Both of these spices have intrinsic qualities that can calm inflammation and decrease the breakdown of collagen. Neta includes these in her bone broth every single day. She makes fresh ginger, puts in the turmeric, and enjoys it as a hot soup after her workouts. A little pro tip, adding a little bit of black powder to the turmeric will enhance the absorption of the turmeric and make it even more potent and powerful. So, that's an incredible comprehensive list of foods that are great for our bodies that taste wonderful and make a huge impact in our skin health moving forward. Now, some of you may be thinking, "Wow, this is such a restrictive diet. How can you stick with it, etc." Quite frankly, it's kind of the opposite because when you have a system and you're able to adhere to the system and make the commitment to staying with the system, it actually makes it easy to get all those important things that your body needs to function its best and in this case also indirectly helping your skin function its best. So the key to consistency is simplicity and having a system. And when you make things simple, you are able to stay consistent with it daily and able to stay continuous with it over time to really get the most out of everything. This is a foundational part of it. All of these things work and contribute to the anti-aging process. But realistically, you absolutely have to do the basics, which is sun protection number one. Number two, getting on a very powerful, hopefully simple anti-aging skincare routine that complements everything else that you're doing. And this is exactly the philosophy and the thinking that went behind the caramed trifecta and the philosophy of the three C's, which is commitment, consistency, and continuity. When you're doing the right things and you apply the three C's, and you can apply this to anything, working out, diet, etc., you're going to see results. And over the years as a facial plastic surgeon, I have seen so many people struggle with trying to get their skin care right because oftentimes they would have to juggle 10 different products or be on the wrong things or hear about something switch and balance and all those other things. So, you never got to adhere to the three C's. And that's when I decided I was going to develop the trifecta. And for those of you who don't know what the trifecta is, it's basically three products that include essentially all the important activives that you need for anti-aging. And to learn more about it, please check out our website so you can get a little bit deeper look at what's actually in the trifecta and hear what other people have to say about it. So there you have it. 13 foods that I consider important from anti-aging and skin health and how we employ that and how we use them in the Kum household every single day. And it's not until you treat yourself and your skin from the inside out that you're able to get the most out of everything that you do in our offices with our skininc care products and all the different treatments that you're interested in doing. It starts from the inside. Now, there are a ton of foods that didn't quite make this list that are important for skin health, etc. But if you want to go deeper, make sure you check out the caramed journal where we put our entire grocery list for you to be able to reference in a much easier way. You can find the link in the description below. Now, I'd love to hear from you guys. Which one of these foods are part of your staple diet? What foods do you enjoy that are also super healthy you want to share with our community? Make sure you drop them in the comments below. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you like it. Share it with some friends and family. Let's get the word out. Let's make people healthier. Let's give them in the empowerment to make good decisions for themselves. And if you haven't subscribed already, make sure you subscribe to the channel so you can get videos like this every single week. Until next time, Dr. Amir Kum. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @dramirkaram [72 likes]: 🥑 What healthy foods are already on your grocery list, and which are new and interesting to you? Feel free to jump to your favorite section linked below and let me know what videos you want to see next.

01:50 - High-Protein Foods for Collagen
04:32 - Antioxidants & Vitamin C for Protecting Skin
08:17 - Gut-Healthy Heroes for Skin Clarity
10:01 - Healthy Fats for Supple, Moisturized Skin
11:42 - Combat Inflammation with Omega-3s
12:39 - Spices for Anti-Aging
  2. @authentic_beauty_reviews [14 likes]: The best anti aging ingredient of life is Money 💰 and less toxic relationships. If you are living on emi, paying bills you can never glow. Same if you are stuck with toxic partner, no matter what you eat or treatment you undeergo, you will age faster
  3. @RusskayaDivchina77 [4 likes]: Russian cuisine full of skincare food like that, highly recommend
  4. @dialoguesFirsts1993 [1 likes]: 1. food, it is better to eat at the same time, 3 times, without snacks, do not eat 2 hours before bedtime, chew food well. do not be distracted by the phone or TV, better scheme 8\16
2. measure once the amount of calories/fats/proteins/fiber in your diet, it should be 1500/80/80/30 grams per day or similar, often do not get enough protein and fiber
3. stool preferably once a day, if not, increase fiber (vegetables, herbs, fruits). this is the most correct detox. Good functioning of the gastrointestinal tract is the most important
4. A glass of warm water in the morning before meals (starts the gastrointestinal tract)
5. You need to get the necessary daily dose of magnesium and potassium from food, these are very important minerals for the body
6. Eliminate alcohol, smoking, sugar, flour products (rolls, white bread)
7. You need to check for parasites in the small intestine(because of this, vitamin and mineral deficiencies)
8. Drink warm water during the day, it stimulates the secretion of bile (the normal flow of bile is very important)
9. Monitor the content of sugar and salt in products, there is often an implicit content (juices, yogurts, sausages, sausages, for example)
10. Eat a fermented product at least once a day (for example, a spoonful of sauerkraut, these are probiotics)
11. After 40 checkup each year: ferritin, D3 (25(OH)D), sugar (HbA1c, glucose), cholesterol (LDL), thyroid (TSH, FT4), ultrasound of the gallbladder, liver (ALT), kidneys (eGFR), urine, blood count
12. 10 min a day deep abdominal breathing (diaphragm movement) 8s inhalation, 8s hold, 8s exhalation, 8s hold (this is a massage of the internal organs)
13. Before going to bed, raise your legs above your head for 10 minutes (also helps with varicose veins)
14. Long walks for 2-3 hours at least once a week (lymph movement)
15. If you work at a computer and your vision deteriorates, then do the "blood pump" exercise every hour, the blood to the head increases (also helps with varicose veins)
16. It is advisable to go to bed at 10 pm and wake up at 6 pm both weekdays and weekends, a good sleep is very important
17. If you have sedentary work, it is advisable to do a light warm-up every hour, for example, squats (this is for blood vessels, train your legs this is the most important thing too)
18. make it a way of life, not a temporary remedy. after 2 years you will achieve the result, because diets can greatly unbalance and confuse a person
19. there are natural supplements: milk thistle meal (prebiotics), flaxseed oil (omega3), garlic (alicin), walnuts (brain), pumpkin seeds (libido), sunflower seeds (vit b9), sauerkraut (probiotics), ginkgo (memory)

daily requirement of vitamins: C 80 mg, A 800 mcg, B1 1 mg, B2 1 mg, B3 15 mg, B5 10 mg, B6 1.5 mg, B9 200 mcg, B12 2.4 mcg, E 15 mg, d3 20 mcg, K 120 mcg
daily requirement of minerals: zinc 10 mg, magnesium 400 mg, iodine 150 mcg, potassium 3 g, selenium 50 mcg, iron 20 mg, calcium 1 g, omega3 2 g
recommended amount per day: sugar 25 g, salt 5 g, cholesterol 300 mg

for example, a diet plan: for breakfast boiled egg, buckwheat\oatmeal with milk, a sandwich with black bread and cheese, pumpkin seeds, kiwi, for lunch potatoes with skin, salad, red fish/lightly salted herring, sunflower seeds, an apple for dinner cottage cheese with sour cream, walnuts. Total 1500 calories, 80 g protein, 80 g fat, 20 g fiber, norm for vitamins\minerals.

1 egg
cholesterol 180 mg, selenium 15 mcg, fat 5 g, protein 6 g, vitamin A 80 mcg, D, B2, B5, B7, B9, B12 1 mcg, E, choline 150 mg, iron, 70 calories, calcium, zinc, iodine

cottage cheese 100 g
magnesium, calcium 100 mg, fat 7 g, protein 17 g, vitamin A 80 mcg, B2 0.2 mg, B12 1 mcg, 150 calories, potassium 150 mg, casein

milk 100 g
protein 3 g, fat 3 g, 60 calories, calcium 100 mg, potassium 150 mg, vitamin B12 0.4 mcg, B2 0.2 mg, A, D, magnesium

red fish 50 g
protein 10 g, fat 7 g, vitamin A 30 mg, vitamin D 7 mcg, B12 2 mcg, B9, B2, B3 5 mg, B6, B5, B1, E, K, iron, zinc, selenium 25 mcg, potassium 200 mg, magnesium, omega3 1 g, iodine 15 mcg, calcium, 100 calories

lightly salted herring 50 g
protein 9 g, fat 8 g, omega3 1 g, vitamin D 5 mcg, B12 5 mcg, B3 2 mg, B6, A 30 mcg, E, sodium 1 g, selenium 25 mcg, iodine 20 mcg, 100 calories, potassium 150 mg, calcium

walnut 30 g
copper 0.5 mg, magnesium 45 mg, zinc, vitamin E, B6, B9, B1, B2, B3, fat 20 g, protein 5 g, omega3 3 g (den nor), omega6 10 g, fiber, potassium 125 mg, 200 calories

boiled buckwheat 150 g
magnesium 90 mg, potassium 130 mg, copper, protein 6 g, fat 1.5 g, vitamin B1, B2, B3, B5, B6, zinc, iron 1.5 mg, carbohydrates 30 g, 140 calories, fiber 4 g, folate 20 mcg

oatmeal 150 g
magnesium 30 mg, potassium 90 mg, calcium 80 mg, iron, zinc, copper, protein 4 g, fat 2 g, vitamin B1, B3, B5, B6, carbohydrates 20 g, 100 calories, fiber 2 g

2 boiled potatoes with skin (preferably red)
protein 5 g, carbohydrates 46 g, fiber 5 g, vitamin C 30 mg, B6 0.5 mg, B1, B2, B3 3 mg, B9 25 mcg, potassium 1300 mg, magnesium 60 mg, iron 1.5 mg, 210 calories, zinc

pumpkin seeds 30 g
170 calories, protein 9 g, fat 14 g, fiber 1 g, omega3, omega6, magnesium 230 mg, zinc 3 mg, iron 4 mg, copper 0.5 mg, potassium 240 mg, vitamin E 2 mg, B1, B2, B3, B5, B6, B9 30 mg, arginine, phytosterols, selenium 2 mcg

flaxseed oil 5 g (teaspoon)
omega3 3 g (den nor), fat 5 g, omega6 1 g, omega9 1 g, 45 calories

sour cream 50 g
fat 10 g, protein, vitamin A 100 mcg, D, B2, B12, B9, calcium, potassium, magnesium, 100 calories

butter 5 g
fat 4 g, vitamin A 130 mcg, D, E, 35 calories, cholesterol 10 mg, calcium, butyrate

hard cheese 10 g
vitamin A 60 mcg, D, B12, calcium 80 mg, zinc, protein 3 g, fat 3 g, 45 calories

brown bread 30 g (slice)
vitamin E, B1, B3, B5, potassium 80 mg, magnesium, iron, protein 2 g, fat 1 g, carbohydrates 15 g, fiber 2 g, 70 calories

sunflower seeds 30 g
protein 6 g, fat 14 g, vitamin E 10 mg, B9 60 mcg, B3, B6, potassium 180 mg, iron, zinc, selenium 17 mcg, magnesium 100 mg, 170 calories

1 kiwi
potassium 150 mg, fiber 2 g, vitamin C 56 mg, K 30 mcg, E, B9, calcium, 45 calories

1 apple
100 calories, 25 g carbohydrates, 4 g fiber, 8 mg vitamin C, K, 200 mg potassium, 20 g sugar
  5. @joseybarra4524 [1 likes]: You people fall for anything,  I do all this crap already.  The problem to this is that if I never did it I would still look just as good as I do today.  I'm almost 60 years old and look late 30s. The thing here is it's all genetics 1 thing I don't like is stress, that's not any good at all.  Hitting 60 soon if God permits and  my hair is still a dark brown.  So there these things help but you have to look at yourself in the mirror from time to time, I also try to exercise aswell, no turkey neck here my skin is still nicely pulled back ,no work here being done ever. I sleep well every day. I try sleeping in aswell it's important.  And I use no products at all barely use plain Vaseline on face and neck. SO THEIR THESE DOCTORS GO TO OVERBOARD AND GET TO EXCITED WERE ALL GOING TO GET OLD ANYWAY. I DO FACIALS AS I FEEL AS NEEDED ONLY FOR ELASTICITY, TONING ON SKIN. THEY CAN BE A LITTLE EXPENSIVE. SO I'M BIG ON FACIALS FOR SURE.
  6. @luckyrubystone: This video is an absolute masterclass in cellular skincare! Massive thanks to Dr. Karam for delivering such profound scientific insights that are as brilliant as they are actionable. I was particularly captivated by the breakdown of amino acids' role in collagen synthesis at [00:02:12]; it’s a total game-changer for anyone serious about skin longevity. The deep dives into bone broth and fermented foods at [00:03:30] and [00:08:45] offer a masterfully clear connection between gut health and a radiant complexion. Your expertise and dedication to science-based beauty are deeply inspiring to this entire community. I’m thrilled to see this channel thrive and continue spreading such high-value content, just like that powerful closing at [01:05:34]. This is a must-watch for everyone!
  7. @reneeraw6927: Sardines are my personal favorite! I eat them every day! 😋

It’s not only what you do but what you don’t do that is important. Sugar, Alcohol, Processed Foods are all aging and very unhealthy.

When you live a healthy lifestyle it becomes your life. It’s not difficult to do. It becomes who you are. You radiate health and joy. Those are addictive in the very best way.😊
  8. @owlenepietersen8763: Bonebroth has a horrible taste. How can I make it more drinkable or tasty?
  9. @non6750gvt: I have turmeric and ginger.
  10. @falconone7230: Black Currant extract 💯
  11. @nyssatang1173: to find someone appreciates the same lifestyle is soooooo important！！！ stay healthy and fit together❤❤❤❤
  12. @susieh2100: She needs to write a what to eat book
  13. @ghazals25: Watchet this video I slowly starting eating skincare food and i’m gonna eat more of it your video inspirer me for more of it
  14. @MalikHassan-j6g: You are also looking young and beautiful....your skin is glowing and shining....love you ..❤❤❤
Love from Pakistan 🇵🇰
  15. @familyartmagic: Make sure your food, especially dark chocolate is third party tested. Just bc it’s organic doesn’t mean it’s safe. Incorporate natural detoxification + chelation especially for toxins found in produce.
  16. @cassandrapusateri9609: Can you share your wife’s bone broth recipe for therapist workout drink ??! Please
  17. @dineosibiya2123: Best content as always Dr,thank you to you and family ❤
  18. @evelynkrieger6115: What about whole grains such as oats?
  19. @H-ei7gn: Dr Karam, can you and your wife please make a video showing us all your cooking recipes. Especially the bone broth and chicken breast. I always value your advice and knowledge. Thank you both so much! 🤓🌟
  20. @ritaribeiro3582: Kiwis full of vitamin c

- How Much PROTEIN You Really Need to Prevent Disease and Stay Strong: Kind: captions Language: en This could be enough protein to not die, but it's not enough to maintain your muscle mass, and it is not enough to build your muscle mass. So, over the last few years, scientists have realized that actually you should be aiming [Music] for Hello Angels and welcome to the Glucose Goddess Show. I'm Justine Chespe. I'm a biochemist and I'm French and I love science and I want you to understand science and get excited about it. So today we're gonna talk about drum roll. I mean you know from the title of this video, but protein. Now please don't think this is just a video for bodybuilders, okay? Trust me, science has evolved. No matter who you are, if you're 15, if you're 95 years old, if you're an athlete, if you never get off your chair because you work at a desk all day, you need to know this. Protein is not something that that you need to just be thinking about if you're trying to become like Schwarzenegger, okay? It's something that you need for healthy aging, for healthy hormones, so that when you're 80 years old, you can still do a lot of stuff so that your body stays healthy for your metabolism, for your glucose levels, for your energy, for your cravings. This is so important, such an important episode. Basically, the conclusion is we don't eat enough protein. And there's science to prove this. And eating enough protein will change your life and change the game. So before we get into it, there's a very important document I made for this episode. It's a PDF and you can download it in the description of this episode. It's basically a one-pager that's going to cover some things we're going to cover in this show, which are how much protein you need, how to calculate that, and then which foods contain which amounts of protein. So download that and let's get started. You, my friend, who are watching or listening to this, you are made of protein. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's not just your muscles that are made of protein. Here's a little list of all the things that are made of protein because proteins are just molecules. So, collagen, the collagen in your skin, in your nails, and in your hair, that's a protein. Insulin, the hormone that helps reduce glucose spikes by storing glucose away into your liver, into your muscles, into your fat cells, that's a protein. Your hair and your nails are made of protein. Important. There's tiny little molecules in your cells that come and fix your DNA when your DNA is damaged. Those are proteins. And it's important to fix our DNA because DNA damage can lead to consequences such as cancer. Enzymes that hang out in your digestive system and break down foods. The enzymes are proteins. Antibodies which are part of your immune system and protect you against parasites and viruses. They are proteins. Way more things than you think are actually proteins in your body. And yes, of course, your muscles are also made of protein. If you remove water, your muscles are about 80% protein. And there's one really cool thing about proteins. So proteins are like tiny little Legos, microscopic Legos. Your body can assemble them and reassemble them. So there are 20 different tiny little Legos that proteins are made of and they're called amino acids. So, think of amino acids like the building blocks of proteins, like the little individual Legos that can be assembled in all these different proteins. So, here's the list of the 20 amino acids. You don't have to remember the names. I just think they're kind of cute names. So, I'm just going to list the 20 names. You ready? Alanine, arginine, asperagine, aspartic acid, cysteine, glutamic acid, glutamine, glycine, histadine, isolucine, leucine, lysine, methionine, fennylan, proline, serarine, thyanine, tryptophan, tyrrosine, and veene. I mean, if you're looking for like a cute name for your dog or your cat, just saying maybe an amino acid is a good name. Just saying. That's probably what I'm going to do. So, each of these little Legos and building blocks of proteins, they have different shapes, okay? They're not all the same. Like individual Lego pieces. Some are smaller, some are bigger, some have a bend, some don't. So, all of these little building blocks, all these little amino acids are different. And your body is so good at assembling and disassembling these amino acids that it makes millions of proteins per second. Right now, in your body, there are millions of proteins being made by your body assembling amino acids. I mean, how cool is life? So, here's an two examples of what kind of proteins your body can make? I've taken as examples, basically the biggest protein and the smallest protein. So, the biggest protein is called titin. It's one of the biggest known proteins and it has 34,000 of these individual Legos, of these individual amino acids. And here's an image of it. So, you can't even see on this image all of the individual amino acids cuz it's so complex. It's like a monster protein. And then all the way down to something very simple like insulin, which only has 51 amino acids. So, your body is always making and dissembling proteins. So, where does your body get this protein? Because it needs to make new proteins all the time. Well, we give our body these very important amino acids by eating them. Simple, functional, it works. We eat proteins in our foods and then our body disassembles them and reassembles them into whatever our body needs. And you might be familiar with foods that contain protein, but maybe not. So foods that contain proteins are animal foods like fish, like meat, like eggs, like dairy. And in the plant kingdom, it's things like tofu, lentils, peas, pulses. These are foods that contain proteins that your body very much needs in order to make all the proteins that it needs to be making from within. So anyway, let's focus on muscle because that's what I want to mention today. So, our muscles are often considered a sort of big storage unit for proteins. So, when your body needs some protein and you're not eating any, it's going to go to your muscles and it's going to break down some of that muscle protein to make the protein that it needs. But here's the thing. You don't actually want your body to be breaking down your muscle because having enough muscle mass is a key factor in aging well, in thriving and not breaking your bones, in being able to pick up groceries when you're 90 years old. Having a lot of muscle mass is super important for your glucose levels. They help us regulate the glucose that arrives in carbs that we eat. So, it's not a good idea to say, "Oh, hey, my body is just going to break down my muscle mass and use that to make the proteins that it needs to make." We need to maintain our muscle mass so it doesn't get degraded by our body. And in fact, we need to be actively growing and replenishing and maintaining our muscle mass because after the age of 30, we lose 10% of our muscle mass per decade. That's a lot of muscle loss. And if you don't do anything to counteract it, when you're 80 or 90, you're going to have very little muscle mass left. You're not going to be able to be in thriving health. You're going to have a really hard time doing the basic things you want to be doing, like going up some stairs, picking up a kid, opening a jar, like maintaining our muscle mass is no joke. And if you're young today, you might think like, me, who cares? I'll just deal with that when I'm older. No, no, no, no, no. Your health in your 80s is dependent on what you do today. So, how do we measure how much muscle mass we have? Time for a quick break to tell you about the supplements I have developed. Anti-spike formula. Now, listen. In my years of research, I've understood one key thing. Keeping our glucose levels steady is the foundation of physical and mental health. No question. And if I could only take one supplement for the rest of my life to help me reduce my glucose spikes and keep my glucose levels steady, it would be antis-pike formula. I created antis-pike with two really powerful natural plant molecules in it. The first one is malbury leaf extract. And listen to this. In a review study of 12 randomized clinical trials on over 600 people, scientists found that mold relief extract significantly reduces our glucose spikes after a meal by up to 40%. It also significantly reduces our insulin spike after a meal by up to 40%. And it reduces our fasting glucose levels by 8 milligrams per deciliter after just two months. So this molecule from malberry leaf reduces the absorption of glucose in our bloodstream. It actually slows down how quickly starches turn to glucose in our bloodstream. Therefore creating a massive reduction in the glucose spike of our meal. The second main molecule in antis-pike formula is a molecule from lemon called aocitrine. It's the molecule that makes lemons yellow, but also has a really cool effect on our gut. It basically helps our guts produce more GLP-1. Clinical trials show us that GLP-1 production increases by 17% after just two months of taking it. More GLP-1 means healthier glucose levels. I take two capsules of antis-pike formula every single day before the meal of my day, highest in carbs and sugars. So, go to anti-pike.com to see all the science behind these ingredients, to see testimonials from thousands of people who've tried it, and to order your own anti-pike formula bottle and try it for yourself. So, there's a pretty cool tool that's called a DEXA scan. So, this is the DEXA scan from my own body. Um, here's my body showing you all my bones and stuff. Kind of weird, but there you go. So in green you have what's called my lean tissue. So that's the organs and the muscles etc. In red you have what's called my fat mass. So that's where I have fat deposits on my body. And as you can see you know I have a typical pattern of having fat around my hips and my thighs which is something that we see in women. That's where our fat usually gets stored which is different from men by the way. Men usually store their fat more in their bellies. And after menopause, females switch and a lot of their new fat mass gets deposited into their stomach. Anyway, what we're looking at here is muscle mass. Muscle mass is key to healthy aging and to be able to be independent when you're older. Second, as we age, our bones get more brittle. And you might have had this experience with somebody you know who's in their 80s. Once somebody in their 80s breaks a bone, it takes a long time to recover. And it can mean weeks or months in a bed. and then health can deteriorate. You want to make sure you're not breaking too many bones. And in order to not break too many bones, having muscle mass that protects you when you fall is really key. Then having enough muscle mass means we're less likely to be getting chronic health conditions like Alzheimer's or like diabetes because muscles are an amazing storage units for excess glucose that we eat. And since today most of us are eating way too much glucose on a daily basis, having a lot of muscle mass allows our body to experience fewer glucose spikes from these carbs that we're eating because our muscles soak up a lot of glucose that arrives into our bloodstream. So muscle mass is important for chronic condition prevention. Essentially, how well you age is a factor of how healthy you've been in your previous decades. And muscle mass is a key indicator and a key factor in this. And the studies are very very clear everyone. Essentially increasing your muscle strength and exercise fitness will help you live longer and healthier than any combination of drugs you could ever take. Having high muscle mass and being able to exercise is the best thing you can do for your health and your longevity. I'm going to give you some concrete data here. So there's a study from 2018 that is called associations of muscle mass and strength with all cause mortality among US older adults. So here they looked at 4,500 people over 10 years. The people were all 50 years old or older. Okay, here's the amazing finding. Those with low muscle mass were at 40 to 50% greater risk of mortality than controls. Yeah. 40 to 50% greater risk of dying if you have low muscle mass. And so further analysis in this study actually revealed something quite insightful and interesting that it's not necessarily the overall volume of muscle you have. It's more the strength of your muscles that is important. That's pretty cool to know. It means it's not enough to just pump some iron in the gym and making big muscles. You have to make sure those muscles are strong and actually capable of doing things. These numbers are huge, okay? 40 to 50% greater risk of death when you have low muscle mass is massive. To compare, I have a very good comparison here that I think you're going to love. So, if we take one of the most popular drugs on planet Earth, it's called metformin. It's a type 2 diabetes medication. 150 million people are on it today. Guess what it does to reduce the risk of death? It only reduces the risk of death by 15 to 30%. Whereas having strong muscle mass reduces your risk of death by 40 to 50%. Yeah. So having good strong muscle mass is twice as effective for helping you live longer and not die than the most prescribed drug on the planet. I'm just going to leave that there. So how do we exercise for stronger muscles? Well, the first thing that we need to do, which you know makes a lot of sense, is in order to build muscle, we have to first tear it down. Let me explain exactly what happens. So your muscles are about 80% protein outside of water. So when we lift something heavy, okay, let's take your bicep for example. When you lift a heavy weight to failure and you can't do it anymore, that creates lots of little tears in the proteins in your muscles and then your body's like, "Oh my god, we have to go repair that." So your body brings all these extra amino acids and goes and repairs that muscle that was broken and makes it stronger than before. That is how you build up muscle by exerting force, tearing it down, and then your body will build it back up stronger. This is why it is so important to lift weights. And females out there, I know it's not something we're used to doing. I know we think that lifting weights is just for men. It's not the case. Okay? Okay. The belief that women should not be lifting weights is so antiquated. It's like stuck in the '9s where we thought all we had to do was just like cardio for hours on a treadmill. It's so key to lift weights. I lift weights three times a week. And let me tell you, it is impossible to look like a bodybuilder when you're female. It's very, very difficult. I've been working on my biceps. Can I show you here? Yeah. I've been working on my biceps here for like years and they're still tiny. Okay. But but lifting weights will help you build stronger muscles and increase your muscle mass a little bit. Not so much. Maybe a couple pounds of muscle mass per year, if at all. It's very, very difficult. But in the meantime, you'll get toned. You'll feel strong. Your back won't hurt. You'll feel good when you walk around. You know, it's just it's a feeling you get from within. When you have good muscle mass and you feel strong, it increases your confidence in so many different aspects of life, actually. So once you've tear down your muscle, how do you actually build it? So as I explained, your body is going to be looking for amino acids to build back up your muscle. But if you want to really build your muscle mass, you have to be eating protein. Now, here's the problem. Most of us do not eat enough protein. The current recommendation in the US is8 gram of protein per kilo of body weight per day. That means that if you're 70 kilos like me, you should be eating 56 grams of protein per day, which is three eggs, one cup of lentils, and half a yogurt. The thing is, this recommendation is not at all adequate anymore, and science is proving it. This could be enough protein to not die, but it's not enough to maintain your muscle mass, and it is not enough to build your muscle mass. So over the last few years, scientists have realized that actually you should be aiming for two grams of protein per kilo per day or one gram of protein per pound of body weight per day. Again, if you click in the description of this episode, you'll see a PDF that will help you calculate how much you need. So essentially, we need to double and add a little bit more to that protein recommendation. One study that was published in nutrients is called is it time to reconsider the US recommendations for dietary protein and amino acid intake and they showed that in older adults specifically you need to be eating at least 1.6 grams of protein per kilo of body weight per day just to not lose muscle mass. You need to be eating twice the recommendation just to not lose muscle mass as you age. So for me, I try to get two grams per kilo of body weight per day, which is kind of the same as one gram per pound of body weight per day. Now, the thing is, once you calculate this, you're going to freak out. You're going to be like, whoa, that's way more protein than I expected. Yes, 100%. The thing is protein intake is so important because your body cannot make all these amino acids from within. It needs to get them from the outside to be able to build all the things it needs to build out of them plus maintain and grow muscle mass. So for example, for me, my objective is about 140 grams of protein per day. That's equivalent to 20 eggs or 23 cups of Greek yogurt or seven cups of cooked lentils. It's hard to get, I know, but of course, if you add some fish and some meat in there, it becomes much, much, much easier, which is what I do. So, again, have a look in the PDF in the description of this episode. I've put together a list of foods and their protein content. But what you need to know is you're not eating enough protein at every meal. You need to be prioritizing it for your health today, but also for your health as you age. It's so important. So, when is the best time to eat your protein? Well, interestingly, the best time to eat your protein is throughout the day in three or four sittings because any protein that is not used is going to be excreted through your urine. So, in terms of helping your body assimilate more of the protein that you eat, it's better to have it during every single meal and snack versus all at once and then no more protein at all. And should you be having protein after you workout? Yes, this is a great time to eat protein because your muscles are looking for amino acids to rebuild themselves. However, you don't have to stress. There's an old belief that you should be, you know, downing a protein shake within 10 minutes after the end of a workout. Now, we know you actually have way more time. You have hours after your workout to still be able to assimilate protein. So after a workout, great moment, but you could just wait until you get home and have food. You don't have to down a protein shake just as you're finishing your gym session. But if you want to, you can. Now, can you eat too much protein? There is an amount of protein that would be bad for your kidneys if you ate all of that every single day. And the upper limit is 3.7 grams of protein per kilo of body weight per day. Now, that's about 260 gram of protein per day for me, which is 43 eggs per day. So, it's really hard to eat too much protein. I think that would be close to impossible. So, you really don't have to worry about that unless you're eating just 5 lbs of steak every hour, you're going to be fine. Now, if you don't eat animal protein, you have to know that plant protein sources contain less of a few essential amino acids, methionine, lysine, and tryptophan. So, it's going to be harder to get those, and you have to be really conscious of making sure you're getting enough of those amino acids, which means that if you're vegan, it's possible to get enough protein. It just takes a lot of work and planning. That's why adding some eggs or some dairy is so beneficial to get your protein intake if you've started from a point where you're vegan. So potentially consider that so that you get enough protein. Otherwise, you just have to be really conscious and informed and make sure you're eating lots and lots of tofu and lentils and pulses and peas at every meal in the right combinations to be able to get the amino acids that you need. And one last note on protein powder. So protein powder is a great way to add protein throughout your day. Just want to make sure of the source. So, for example, whey is going to be better and more complete than soy protein. Also, be careful with the protein powders that are flavored. Any chocolate or vanilla stuff can actually contain some heavy metal traces. So, prefer unsweetened, unflavored protein powders and then add your own flavoring yourself when you're making your shake. That's the recommendation. So, in conclusion, increasing protein intake is so important if you're an athlete and you're trying to build muscle mass because if you don't eat enough protein, you're not going to build any muscle mass. it's just not going to work. And second, if you're just a regular person, not an athlete, who wants to live well and not die young and not be frail when you age. So increasing our protein intake should be the number one thing we think about. And the good thing is when you prioritize protein, you also feel much more satiated. You don't feel as hungry, have fewer cravings. There's a really interesting scientific theory called the protein leverage hypothesis that says that your body will keep you hungry until you've given it enough protein to eat. So, a really easy switch you can do is try to start your day with a proteinrich breakfast, which is what I recommend in my savory breakfast. So just adding a bunch of protein to your breakfast is a really efficient way to not only keep your glucose levels steady, but also get some protein in the morning to help your body get the signal that hey, there's protein here. We're going to be fine. You can download some free savory breakfast recipes in the description of this episode. So to recap, get the PDF to calculate how much protein you need and to see all the foods and how much protein is in each of the foods. and also get the savory breakfast recipes started out. Let me know how it goes and I'll see you next time. Big kiss.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Shandowblade [29 likes]: I went through a tough time with my health, and nothing seemed to help. The only thing that worked for me was a treatment I saw in a video called “How Michael Reverted Blood Sugar” it helped me so much
  2. @Camposnavega [16 likes]: My health is finally recovered!! im so grateful, after alot of tries i was blessed with my healing after i saw an amazing video, for public utility, this video is named “How Michael Reverted Blood Sugar” 🤩
  3. @zarbilzerian [1 likes]: She was doing alright until 14:00 , Madam, when you pump iron, it needs fckng strength. What did you thing people pump muscle with? Cardio? So so fxkng dumb that part. Well anyway.
  4. @littlep.6957 [1 likes]: The PDF and the protein calculator why do you make it so that I have to give you my email, country and have to agree to get emails from you.  I am out.
  5. @mauriglisson6954: Clear cut video, easy to understand and follow.  Love it! I use the calculator and yes, that's exactly what I came up with before using my ideal body weight. I think I'm going to go back and see what it says if I put my actual weight in, Just out of curiosity.
  6. @BBEETTYYful: We need amino acid no protein
  7. @5T3V3OH: what does my mail and my country have to do with my protein other then you selling my data to some chinese scamers? thumbs down and unsubscribed.
  8. @vlad_kara: It is completly BS because 1.6 g per kilo protein more than enough to build muscle naturaly. Are you dreamed up your advice?
  9. @sourav07521: Excellent video ..great work done to humanity..your contribution is as beautiful as you are👍
  10. @IgorCyclist: I take with my 80 kg, between 200 and 250 g Protein.
  11. @iri_pavlovoi: :thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc:
  12. @JuhiDhingra-w6x: Whats your take on the book "The Longevity diet"? Would really love to hear your thoughts as it talks about protein from a very very different angle
  13. @nori-n6m: amino acids essential nutrients
  14. @nori-n6m: i need protein daily, struggling in az
  15. @boatdrinks1: Old news already, too much protein will turn into fat. Which goes to the liver first.
  16. @aakashbairwa9920: All noted, now Everything aside.. Miss you are Cute 👌
  17. @CrazyLoonandCap: I thought that was Winona Ryder spilling her secrets to no aging 😂
  18. @dolphindancer68: Where is the PDF? 🙏😍
  19. @Hasbari-t6g: I love ❤ this french lady. she is too good for my mind and health.
  20. @Maloomaattvt: Nicely expained maam.wonderbaa👍

- Best high-protein foods for energy, gut health and longevity (and how I get 30g per meal): Kind: captions Language: en If you're looking to eat more protein, it can feel really tricky to go from 15 g of protein to 30 g of protein without relying on protein powders or lots of meat at every meal time. I'm going to show you exactly how I do it, what I buy from the supermarket, and a simple formula that will turn any meal into a high protein meal. Hi, I'm Dr. Rupy. If you're new here, I'm a medical doctor and nutritionist, and my mission is to help you improve your health with food. So, I'm not against eating meat at all, but if you want to stay healthier for longer, it's best to get a mix of different proteins with the majority of them coming from plants. Now, why is that? Plants aren't just protein. They contain an array of other nutrients that are super healthy for us. One being fiber that you tend not to get in animal-based proteins, as well as other micronutrients and phytonutrients that can lower inflammation, lower your cholesterol, and keep your heart in good order for longer. For every 3% extra plant protein in your diet, it reduces your chances of chronic disease and helps you live longer. But it doesn't mean giving up meat. It's more about shifting the balance of your proteins more towards plants. Personally, I aim for around 70% coming from plant-based protein or the rest coming from animal-based proteins. But it's completely up to you. And I have a system that makes it super simple and stressfree. Every time I go to the supermarket, I try and get high protein foods from three areas: fridge section, freezer section, and pantry staple section. From the fridge section, I'm always thinking about dairy, eggs, lean meats, and plant-based proteins. Cheese is actually a really good source of protein. A lot of these proteins are accessible. They're delicious as well. I've got feta here, which is about 15 g of protein per 100 g. cheese in their protein content exists on a really wide spectrum. You've got paneer or parmesan, which is super high in protein, around 35 gram of protein per 100 g. And you've got cottage cheese, which is touted as being really high in protein, but it's around 9 to 10 g of protein per 100 g. But cheese is a great way to fold into meals to add to sandwiches to top your protein content. And if you're looking at yogurts, you want to be looking at strained yogurts. Things like Greek style or authentic Greek tend to be around 8 to 10 gram of protein per 100 grams. And then keir and fermented dairy. These are great. They're not unhealthy like we used to think. They've got this milk fat globial membrane around them that is cardioroprotective. And the specific saturated fats may be cardiorotective or at least cardio neutral. Always look for unflavored dairy because that way you were avoiding additives, sugars and sweeteners. So just go for the plain dairy and also look for ones with added probiotics. Cheese, particularly a cheese already has those benefits, but probiotic rich yogurts and dairy. These are things that are going to be great for your gut as well as providing you with protein as well. Eggs, a simple mediumsized cooked egg is around 6 g of protein. Again, we used to think that eggs were bad for us in terms of heart health, but actually we know that the yolk as well as the white has got a rich array of nutrients and it's really about looking at your diet more holistically. I don't believe you should be having as many eggs as you want every single day. I think they can form part of a really healthy diet, particularly when you are diversifying your protein sources. Soy based proteins, so tofu, I tend to go for extra firm. It's just easier to cook with. You can drain it easily, crumble it, put some olive oil and salt on and bake it in the oven to make it go crispy. Tempeh deserves a special shout out because it is fermented. The soybeans are more bioavailable and it has a wonderful benefit for your gut as well because of that fermentation process. I prefer to use raw tempeh and cook it myself. And again, it takes a little bit of getting used to, but we've got plenty of recipes and doctorskitchen.com to help you get started. I'm looking for lean cuts of all the different types of meat that I buy. For red meat, that would be something like a rump or a bevette instead of ribeye, which is really fatty, marbly. That's like a luxury occasion. For poultry, I'm looking for breast or chicken thigh without the skin. Fish is kind of like a free-for-all. The fats that fish contain are generally omega-3 fatty acids. They're generally anti-inflammatory. And the ones I personally go for are oily fish. So things like anchovies, herring, sardines, salmon, and some white fish like monkfish. But you might have heard that meat or animal-based proteins are higher quality than plant-based proteins. Let's break that down. So whilst this is true, when you look at protein absorption scores, animal-based proteins tend to be higher in terms of the bioavailability of these building blocks of protein called essential amino acids, of which there are nine essential ones. The thing about animal-based proteins is that they also tend to be higher in saturated fat and lower in fiber. So whilst they might be great on those individual scores, we want to be looking at our diet a lot more holistically. Plant-based proteins on the other hand tend to be low in a couple of these amino acids, which means that they score lower across these different scoring mechanisms. It's kind of like judging the team based on the weakest player. If it's low in just one of those amino acids, the whole plant-based protein gets marked down. In reality, what you need to be focusing on is getting enough total protein from multiple sources. This way, you don't need to rely heavily on just animal-based proteins, and you get all the other benefits of adding some plant-based proteins that we mentioned earlier. And no matter what your diet, whether you're omnivore or you're vegan or vegetarian, you can cover all your total protein needs with some of these tips that I'm going to show you a bit later. Moving into the pantry section. So, these are beans and lentils. You've got so many different types. These are usually touted as being super high in protein, but when you break down the values per cooked beans and cooked lentils, it's anywhere between 8 and 11 g per 100 g. So, as someone that needs to be consuming 30 g plus of protein at every single meal, having 300 g of any one of these products is going to be a lot of product, a lot of fiber, and something that my gut probably wouldn't be able to handle. But, of course, we're not just relying on beans and lentils for our protein sources. We're layering in some extra proteins like mixed nuts, pumpkin seeds, and things like flax. handful of mixed nuts, which is around 30 grams, is anywhere between six and eight grams of protein. Just in a handful. So, always think about how you can add this as a snack or as part of your meal as well. The nuts highest in protein are peanuts, almonds, and pistachios. Moving further into the pantry section, we've got things like grains. Now, grains like whole grain rice, for example, tend to be quite low. per cooked value of 100 gram, you're looking anywhere between 1 and 3 g. Quinoa is a novel pseudo grain. It's not technically a grain. This definitely has more protein per 100 g. And this is something I use to boost up diversity bowls to add a little bit more protein. A way to boost the flavor as well as protein of your curries and stews and casserles is something called nutritional yeast. Not only is it a source of vitamin B12, but it also gives a beautiful umami. And per 100 gram, this has anywhere between 40 and 45 g of protein. So, a little bit of the nutritional yeast goes a long, long way. Another sneaky way in which I use somewhat of a slightly processed product is looking at bean and lentilbased pastas. This chickpea pasta, as an example, is made just out of chickpea flour and water. There's no egg, there's no soy, there's no filler, there's no protein powder whatsoever. This has got 22 grams of protein per 100 grams of cooked product. This is phenomenally high in protein. And if you compare that to average pasta, which is around 6 to 8 g per 100 g, this has almost got triple the amount. A lot of people forget about the freezer section, but there are some hidden high protein gems. The one that I think everyone should have in their freezer are edamame beans. These are around 11 g of protein. Super easy to either whip up in a blender in place of avocado to boost up an avocado toast, for example. This is a great protein booster that has lots of fiber and all those extra benefits because of the edomame soy content as well. Other ingredients are broad beans. These have around 6 g of protein per 100 g and peas are similar amount. They're just really easy to sneak into any meal to just boost it up ever so slightly. And then I tend to go for high quality frozen fish. With all these ingredients, the main principle to understand here is a concept known as protein layering. We are combining multiple different proteins rather than just relying on one. We want to start with a core protein source. This is doing the bulk of the work. It's giving us the most bang for our buck. We're not just going to rely on one of these. This could be your lean meat, your fish, your eggs, or your plant-based protein like tofu or tempeh. Next, we want to layer in a plant-based protein partner. This is where beans come into the mix, lentils. And they're not just adding protein, but they're also going to be adding all those other nutrients, mainly fiber. Think about it. You're having a spaghetti bolognese, add a tin of lentils. And finally, you want to finish with a protein topper. This is nuts, seeds, particularly things like pumpkin seed and hemp seed. These are really high in protein. It gives extra texture, a little bit of crunch, and it's a great way to add variety to your meal in the way of diversity, as well as the extra bit of protein, too. And a top tip, look for things like tahini, which are blended sesame paste. You can add this to a curry as a topper or a little bit into the sauce as well. And things like peanut butter to top things like granas or add to a diversity bowl. Let's use an example. Let's take a typical protein bowl. This one is using steak and this one is using tofu for the vegetarians and vegans. Both of which have got around 20 g of protein. Now, the easiest and laziest thing to do is simply to add more of the core protein choice. So, in this case, it would be adding more steak or for the vegans and vegetarians, more crispy tofu. But we don't want to do that. We want to add complexity and diversity to our meals. And the way we do that is using our formula. So, we've already got our core protein source and we want to add a plant-based partner. In this case, I'm going to be using beluga lentils, but you could use p lentils. You could use green lentils, black beans, chickpeas, whatever you like. And just by adding 100 g to your respective bowl, you've boosted your protein by around 8 g or so, depending on your bean or lentil choice. The extra thing that I'm going to do is number three of our protein formula, which is a plant-based topper. It's going to add texture, going to add flavor, and because I'm adding pumpkin seeds, it's going to add a little bang of protein as well. On go the pumpkin seeds, but you could use hemp seeds, peanuts, crushed almonds, whatever you like. It's going to add those fatty acids that are anti-inflammatory, and this is something that is going to add a little bit more texture to your meal as well. Now, I want to be a little bit cheeky because I think you can experiment with protein toppers. In this case, I'm also going to be adding tahini. Tahini is one of those novel plant-based proteins. It's basically sesame paste 100% to give flavor to this. You could just simply salt it or use balsamic vinegar, but I'm actually going to use kimchi juice. Now, a lot of people throw away the juice of their fermentss. This you can use the brine essentially into the tahini. This is going to add a fieriness to it. It's not going to overpower it at all. I'm going to add a tiny bit of salt. And if you wanted to thin it down, just add a little bit of hot water. Tiny splash. So, we have a beautiful thin sauce. Perfect. And even though it doesn't seem that much, around 30 mls, 40 mls of this, very gently increasing your protein content. Try it at home. To make things super easy for you, we've also got a cheat sheet of all the high protein plant-based foods that I tend to get into my weekly shop. You can find that in the description link below. So, remember, the next time you're making a meal, think about layers. Core protein, plant-based protein partner, and toppers. And if you want some healthy high protein recipes to get you started, head to the doctorskitchen.com or download the Doctor's Kitchen

  Top Comments:
  1. @doctors_kitchen [44 likes]: We’ve put together a list of our protein staples. Just enter your email in here and we’ll send you the PDF 👉 https://tdk.link/protein-shopping-list

And if you want ideas for what to actually make with it, we also have plenty of healthy, high-protein recipes 👉https://tdk.link/protein-recipes
  2. @elizabethsiebel2807 [1 likes]: Brilliant...learned more about protein in a few minutes than in a whole year searching.😊
  3. @ColleenGutierrez-f1d [1 likes]: The diversity bowls look awesome. In addition to the fridge, freezer and pantry aisles, don't forget the fresh produce! All plants contain amino acids, admittedly some in less useful quantities or combinations than others, and they also help the body make protein. Mushrooms for example, are another good source of plant protein.  Instead of obsessing about protein, we need to focus on the whole range of nutrients we get from our food, and that's where plants really take centre stage.
  4. @ShannonKnight-q5h [1 likes]: Getting 30g of protein per meal always seemed like a challenge, but your tips made it look so achievable! I love that you’re prioritizing gut health at the same time. This is exactly the kind of balanced approach I’ve been looking for. Thanks for sharing! 🥗💪
  5. @felly2489 [1 likes]: I’m so happy to watch your videos. I am learning a lot and I promise myself to follow your diet. I’m plant based.
  6. @r0llyd0g: Hi Dr Rupy…I’d be really interested in your medical opinion on eating tofu with hypothyroid/ Hashimoto conditions …I love to include organic tofu in my diet a couple of times a week as one of my protein sources (I can’t tolerate dairy, sugar or gluten) but am always concerned that I should be avoiding it altogether as it might be hindering thyroid hormone absorption?
  7. @maypoppins: I never see canned tuna mentioned, isn't good? My kids only eat tuna 😅
  8. @MarieRudolph-z4p: What is your opinion on SKYR  - lots of protein - never mentioned by you
  9. @LoulouFontaine: That is a massive big plate
  10. @kalyug11: This doctor is a cross between ranveer singh and ashutosh khurana 😊
  11. @jadef6784: 😮🎉❤awesome video ❤thank you!
  12. @liviaa6943: Thank you for the video I was looking for something to help me with my protein...I never had beef or pork my whole life and I don't like chicken very much either I think this is very helpful video with lots of options ❤️
  13. @felly2489: Where can I buy your your mixer?
  14. @jourdanhamme3426: Another excellent video. I feel like all food just like all people have a purpose and a value <3
  15. @BajaBookworm: Cottage cheese is low in protein and Parmesan high because of their water content. Also, you're not going to eat a 3/4 cup of parmesan per serving size. So the chart is a bit misleading.
  16. @sarahmackmin-wood8416: Such a helpful video but really couldn’t handle the music
  17. @justjoanish: Please eliminate the music in the background. We are here to learn not be entertained in a music club. I'm literally having to take a break from this video because of it and the way it conflicts and interferes with your messaging.
  18. @lucillevalentino4605: These are wonderful thank you.
  19. @JulieWinter-p4c: This is so helpful, 🎉
  20. @MonicaAlmeida-u5e: Brilliant video - super helpful. I'm 42 and I'm learning I need to add protein to my diet so I want to do it consciously and in a healthy way.

- I Designed the Perfect Anti-Aging Diet ($16/day): Kind: captions Language: en years ago I sold my company brain tree venmo for $800 million I've been spending those Millions trying to reduce my speed of aging and I just achieved a personal best 64 that roughly means that for every 12 months that pass I only age for 7.6 months now an important part of this is my diet my team and I have gone through a methodical process over the years where we've built my diet much like I built software at brain tree venmo when you build software you build version one and it moves to version two and version three every version gets a little better cuz you remove the bad stuff and you add more good stuff I've done the same thing with my diet we've gone through all the scientific evidence we've come through all the best studies we've identified what the clinically relevant dose is we've put that into a program where every calorie has to fight for its life round one fight I then ingest it for a while we measure my body and I become the most measured person in history and we see did it have the effect we thought it would have and we repeat this again and again and again version one to version two to version three so what I'm going to share with you today is the latest version of my [Music] diet there's going to be two paths you can follow one is I share everything for free so you can take what I do and you can replicate it at home the other path is I've actually built a product at blueprint that solves for the Simplicity and cost if you want that great no pressure either way choose the free version version choose the blueprint version I'm happy either way but I'm going to show you what to do to achieve Optimal Health when I wake up the first thing I do is drink longevity mix this is a drink that my team and I put together because I was taking over a 100 pills a day it was a lot and we endeavored to say can we reduce the number of pills into some liquid form this is what we did here we put all of the good tasting pills in this powder and we took all the bad tasting pills and we put it into other pills it's very simple it's one scoop of powder and Stir It Up it's delicious what no I'm just joking it's actually very good it tastes like a fruit drink but without all the bad stuff and a lot of really powerful good stuff you may be aware that a certain ingredient is good or that you want it in your diet but you need to make sure that is a clinically relevant dose which means you want just the amount that was proven to work in the scientific study and the second thing is you want to make sure that you are aware of everything included in the formulation so let's see who doesn't have a clinic Al relevant dose and doesn't disclose what's in the product H ag1 comes to mind yep shouts fired so with blueprint we disclose everything in there and you're getting a clinically relevant dose for each ingredient for example in longevity mix we have vitamin C and magnesium calcium Alpha ketoglutarate say that five times glycine ashanda you can be confident that it is the right dosage and everything is disclosed for your peace of mind with the longevity mix I take eight pills which are suitable for all ages and genders I take a few extra pills uh unique to my personal needs but we built this so that everyone regardless of gender and age could consume this safely blueprint Essentials have 26 critical nutrients I take three of these a day there's a lot of Therapies in the blueprint stack there's over 74 individual therapies all at clinically relevant doses so it can be a lot for people so if you need to Baby St your way into it it's preferable and also eating with food always helps to lessen GI and other side effects after consuming longevity mix and the pills I'll work out for an hour and then it's time for my favorite breakfast which is super veggie this is freshly made with broccoli cauliflower black lentils garlic ginger hemp seeds and 1 tbspoon of extra virgin olive oil lately I've added 50 g of carrots for skin eye and heart health I've also been adding an avocado for healthy fats and this finally is a secret but I've been sprinkling on top Super veggie powder a product we've been working on for six months we are trying to figure out how to help you get a clinically relevant dose of 300 g a day of vegetables this has beets avocado carrots and cauliflower and we simply take the vegetables we ground them up but that's processed food so it's not processed it's not bad it's just as good as eating the whole thing we're in the final stages of approving the formulation so stay tuned I hope it comes out soon also many people wonder are powders okay are powders competitive with real foods yes the foods we have are real foods ground up into powdered Foods we think it's going to be just as good as Whole Foods with every meal I have 1 tablespoon or 15 mL of extra virgin olive oil that meet our six criteria on high-grade premium extra virgin olive oil if it doesn't meet the criteria it's not going to do in the body what you hope it to do at 11:00 a.m. I'll have nutty pudding including the berry and nut mix it has 26 g of protein plus cocoa pommegranate grape seed extract Omega I'll also add 1 tbspoon of extra virgin olive oil I like it stirred in so you can go to my website and you can get everything for free and manage this at home you could also choose to buy the blueprint stack we've tried to make it not only the best in the world but also cost competitive with the grocery store so if you're going to do that it's 400 calories just simply remove 400 calor from your current diet replace it with a stack and see what magic happens

  Top Comments:
  1. @BryanJohnson [331 likes]: You can order the Blueprint Stack here: https://blueprint.bryanjohnson.com/products/the-blueprint-stack

Or if you prefer to make your own, here’s a link to my free recipes: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZ648sEPd2d8NWLk3WC_4uP7o8STsj8pX
  2. @angelmonarrez7821 [1 likes]: 100 pills a day keeps the doctor away.
  3. @peter0739 [1 likes]: Me watching this at 1:27 am ☠
  4. @aussteigen [1 likes]: Have you tryed just eating every seconde day? It has a great effect on animal lives.
  5. @evanl734: Pretty sure to do the entire protocol would be $30 per day. Bryan needs to start buying the producers of the supplements he sells so he can cut out the middleman and get us some savings.
  6. @shannonmartinez8639: So I bought a few of your products a few weeks ago. And I was just watching this video and it was from a year ago. And you were talking about your vegetable powder. Do you have any idea when that’s coming?
  7. @oliviabytner1614: If I ever sell some company for 800M I will also do it, to find all the ways it needs to be adjusted to work well for women as well.
  8. @jerzydevil2888: Thank you for being so empowering and caring about people! Health is wealth!
  9. @myszkin89: Kurwa co to za życie , jeść ,pić i  żyć protokołem jak maszyna a nie jak człowiek.
  10. @gregrussell5374: Bryan, you are doing interesting stuff but I have been concerned looking at your eyes. They have a look that is not healthy. Your eyes have a diabetic look. I don’t know if this is an actual problem. If this is a problem, is there something you can be doing to correct a diabetic condition? Thank you for your videos.
  11. @Justus_GAYLORD: you dont look healthy tbh.
  12. @danielgallagher7980: Have you tested any of these on others? How do you know certain aspects of the diet are not just good/bad for you and your specific body?
  13. @mrl9337: Isn't your diet personally detailed and built specifically ro all of the testing you do?

I'd be careful about saying you're the most tested human in history? Prove it? I feel like someone who posts so much about evidence informed decision making. One might also question your statements.  FYI I love your content. Sometimes I just think you go a bit too far with your language, it must be a personality situation, something you can fix with your diet too! Food is medicine!
  14. @jaydinskinner850: So according to my calculations, when you’re 107 years old, you’ll have had as much fun as a 18 year old?
  15. @Will-sv2hl: Why would you want to take something with ashwaganda in it every day?
  16. @camillemedina9920: I LOVE THAT YOU OFFER FRE VERSION TO HELP HUMANITY AS WELL AS YOUR PRODUCT WITHOUT PRESSURE YOU ARE TRULY FOR MAN KIND. THANK YOU VERY MUCH. ALL INFLUENCERS SO FOLLOW THIS STANDARD YOU SET 🙏❤️
  17. @NehaRawat-r6j: Bryan's methodical approach to nutrition is fascinating, Seeing how he streamlined 100+ pills into a simplified stack while focusing on clinically relevant doses makes the blueprint for optimal health feel much more accessible. 🥦🧪
  18. @UniversalyTrue: All good and well but why are your products so unbelievebly expensive? 50 bucks for some Supplements in veeeery Low quantity is so fucking expensive. Thats a straight Up scam
  19. @TheGratitudePractitioner: Thank you for sharing.
  20. @cheneree: why do u look so old then?

- How To Make My Anti-Aging Meals (Live to 120+): Kind: captions Language: en Do not die. >> Hi friends. Given that we are the first generation who won't die, my team and I have scoured the scientific literature looking for the evidence on how to build the best nutrition protocol. The rule is every calorie has to fight for its life. >> Round one, fight. Every day I consume three meals and the meals vary daytoday, but what they do have in common is a set of foods that we have deemed to be the superfoods of all things that I could put into my body. Today, I'm going to share with you how my personal chef prepares three of these dishes. While the recipes change, each meal must meet the following criteria. They have to be the most elite ingredients for longevity. It needs to keep me within my daily macros of 25% protein, 35% carbohydrates, and 40% fat. The ingredients need to be included in the don't diet food guide. And obviously, it can't include the bad things such as sugars, fried foods, etc. You would be surprised, and maybe you're not, of how frequently you find these things hiding in your food. My chef also prepares the food in a way where we can make it one day and have enough food for 3 days. All right, let's get started with sweet potato curry. This dish meets the criteria of foods from the Don't Die Food Guide, including macadamia nuts, cauliflower, turmeric. It's also great because you can make it in under 30 minutes. First, chop one whole onion. There's no correct way of doing this, but I aim for a fine dice. Once done, take a medium stainless steel pot and put it on mediumigh heat. It's crucial that your pots are stainless steel or ceramic, as non-stick cookware releases forever chemicals known as PAS into your food. These can stick around for decades, messing with your metabolism, hormones, and fertility. Once your pot is heated up, add in half a tablespoon of avocado oil. Use avocado oil when cooking because it has a higher smoke point. This will form fewer toxic carcinogens than other oils during cooking. Keep it on medium heat to make sure the oil does not exceed 375° F or 190° C. Once the oil starts to simmer, add in your onion. Stir and carry on cooking until it's nice and translucent. It's going to be about 5 minutes. As the onion cooks, use a spoon to peel your ginger. This is faster than using a knife or peeler and way more efficient because you don't remove any of the juicy flesh underneath. Next, peel a couple of cloves of garlic and chop them with the ginger into a fine mince. Let it cook with your onion for a few minutes. There should be an amazing smell in your kitchen right now. While the aromatics are cooking, peel your sweet potatoes and chop into cubes. Sweet potatoes have more fiber than regular potatoes, so you absorb their natural sugars slower. This reduces blood sugar spikes and keeps you feeling fuller for longer. Add to your pot. Then, peel and chop your carrots into rounds. Add them to the pot as well. Giving everything a nice stir. Okay, more vegetables. Time to chop your broccoli and cauliflower. There are two things to keep in mind here. First, use the stock and the fuates because the stock adds a nice earthy taste and has more iron, calcium, vitamin C, and fiber. Second, and this is an odd one, for the best health results, let the broccoli and cauliflower sit for 40 minutes after chopping before you cook it. This is because chopping activates a natural enzyme in broccoli and cauliflower called mirrosynise, which then unlocks sulfurophane, one of the strongest anti-cancer compounds you can find in food. It also has potential sugar-lowering detoxifying properties. But heat from cooking stops this process. So chop at the start of your cooking session and wait a bit to let your vegetable reach maximum sulfurophane levels. So we have all our aromatics in the pot, including ginger, garlic, and onion, which are the base of every good curry. Now we'll add in the black pepper and a teaspoon of turmeric. We're adding black pepper because it boosts the power of the turmeric. A compound in pepper called piperin slows the breakdown of curcumin in your gut and liver. This makes it more stable inside your body and makes its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and metabolic benefits last longer. Give everything a good stir to incorporate all the flavors. Next, add in your broccoli, rested or unrested, and cauliflower, and pour in enough water to cover everything, giving it a nice stir. Now bring up to a boil and then cover the pot and let it gently simmer for 15 minutes. While that's coming to a boil, we'll make our quinoa. Heat up a mediumsized pot. Add in two cups of vegetable stock and 1 cup of quinoa. Once that comes up to a boil, lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Now juice two limes and reserve the juice until you finish cooking. You always want to add lemon or lime juice at the end of your stews or curries because if you do it too early, it loses the citrus flavors you want in your dish. Now, we're going to chop our trimmed green beans into bite-sized pieces. Place to the side and chop your cilantro. [Music] Now that the quinoa is finished cooking after 15 minutes, turn off the heat and let it sit aside covered. Next, we'll add in the rest of our ingredients to the curry. peas, green beans, cilantro, citrus juice. Finally, macadamia nutmilk will give your curry a really nice creamy flavor and color. Macadamia is rich in monounsaturated fats and can lower blood sugar and bad cholesterol. Bring that up to a quick boil and then turn off the heat and set aside. Now it's time for plating. I think the plating is just as important as the cooking. Precise, intentional arrangements stimulate the appetite and encourage you to eat slower and more mindfully, which all improves digestion and nutrition absorption. To plate, give the quinoa a nice little fluff with your fork. Add to the plate as a base. Top with the curry and add plenty of curry broth because that's where all the flavor is. Garnish with black sesame seeds, cilantro, and micro greens. And if you're feeling extra bougie, you can add in some edible flowers. Finish with a wedge of lime and enjoy. Bona petit. If you're meal prepping, keep the curry and quinoa in separate containers. Then reheat and combine when you're ready to eat. >> Next up is the green smoothie. I love this dish because it's like a summertime palette cleanser. >> It's loaded with healthy ingredients and tastes absolutely delicious. You might have heard that you shouldn't consume fruit in juice form because it strips away all the fiber and lets your body absorb sugar unnaturally fast. This is all true, but it doesn't apply to smoothies. The key difference is that for smoothies, you don't remove the solid parts of the fruits and vegetables. You just blend them all together. This means you still get their natural fiber content, which regulates sugar absorption, feeds your gut microbiota, and prevents inflammation. In fact, adding vegetables, nuts, and fats to your smoothie dilutes the sugar content of the fruit, slowing down absorption even more and keeping you full for longer. All right, let's get going. First, add in your macadamia nut. Adding the liquid first stops your ingredients from stalling the blender. Next, add in one banana, frozen if possible, to thicken the consistency of the smoothie. Then add in the rest of your ingredients. Mac nuts, three frozen cherries, pomegranate seeds, hemp seeds, wheat grass, vanilla extract, chia seeds, juice of half of a lemon, and one celery stock. These were all chosen for a reason. Pomegranates have unique polyphenols that protects your cholesterol from oxidation, which all improves your blood flow. Dark cherries have another distinct type of elite polyphenols that help with cardiovascular health and are rich in melatonin, which helps with sleep. Hemp seeds are a great source of essential omega-3 and omega6 fat with a remarkable 32% protein content. Close the lid and give everything a good blend for 30 seconds. Next, add in a handful or two of washed spinach and blend again until all your ingredients are thoroughly mixed. Take your glass and serve your smoothie. Note that this will be a thicker smoothie. If you want to make it less thick, you can always add in more filtered water or your choice of nutmilk. Top off with a little strawberry and mint and you're ready to go. This is a great meal prep smoothie. You can make a big batch and store in the fridge in an airtight container for up to 3 to 4 days. Just make sure to give it a quick stir or shake before enjoying. >> Finally, we have the roasted vegetable, chickpea, and lentil bowl. I love this dish because I have learned to absolutely love vegetables and legumes. Roasting makes the vegetables sweet and juicy. The lentils are packed with protein, and the creamy chickpea dressing has a great hit of high polyphenol olive oil. Of our three recipes, this might be the most satisfying to eat. Preheat your oven to 400° and start chopping the vegetables. We'll start with half of a cauliflower and cut into bite-sized pieces. Keep the other half in your fridge for later, or you can double the recipe to make more portions. Set this aside in a mixing bowl and chop up one zucchini. Now, take your red bell pepper, cut the top and bottom like this. Cut in the middle and slice out the bitter white membrane before chopping into bite-sized pieces. Once you're done chopping vegetables, measure about 1 teaspoon of macadamia nut oil or any kind of oil with a high smoke point like avocado. Take a tiny bit of this oil and spread onto your baking sheet to prevent sticking when the vegetables are in the oven. Then add the rest of your oil to your bowl of mixed vegetables. Give everything a good toss and add to your baking sheet. Spread evenly and place in the oven at 400° for about 15 minutes. Now that the vegetables are in the oven, we'll start cooking our black lentils. Lentils are 18% protein, but also 16% fiber, which again slows down food absorption, making you fuller for longer and reducing blood sugar spikes. Studies suggest that eating 10 g of legume fibers every day lowers colon cancer risk by 32% versus just 10% for the same amount of other dietary fibers. Add about 1 and 1/2 cups of cold water and 3/4 of a cup of black lentils. Bring up to a boil, then partially cover with a pot lid and turn down to a medium low temp. We're going to let this simmer for about 15 minutes. Next, we're going to sauté our shiakei mushrooms. We're using shiakei because they have three particularly healthy compounds. Aergoionine, lentinine, and aerotadin. Bring your stainless steel pan up to a really high heat for a few minutes so that the pan becomes non-stick. I like to take a teaspoon of water and splash it onto the heated stainless steel pan. If the water forms beads, that means that your pan is officially non-stick and ready for cooking. Place the shiakei mushrooms in the preheated pan with a teaspoon of avocado oil or any type of high smoke point oil. Cook for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Once cooked, take your mushrooms off the heat and set aside. Now, let's make our dressing. Take a cup of cooked chickpeas, 1 tbsp of nutritional yeast, 1 tbsp of olive oil, one garlic clove, a tablespoon of lemon juice, 4 tbsp of filtered water, and a handful of chives. Put everything in the blender and blend for 30 seconds. High polyphenol olive oil is the most powerful ingredient in this dressing. It increases HDL or good cholesterol and reduces several key markers of cardiovascular disease. We use blueprint olive oil as it has a very high polyphenol count. Garlic has also been shown to lower blood pressure and help the immune system. Once your lentils and vegetables have been cooked, take everything off the heat and set to cool. Plate up by placing your lentils in a shallow bowl. Next, take your roasted vegetables, sauteed mushrooms, and a handful or two of kale. Add our dressing to the mixing bowl and give everything a nice toss. Put a big helping of vegetable mix on your lentils. Add in a large pinch of hemp seeds and a wedge of lemon. And that's it. You now have an easy and nutritious meal that you can make in less than 30 minutes. Enjoy. >> If you want to learn how to make one of my favorite dishes, super veggie, watch this video here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BryanJohnson [922 likes]: I hope you love these recipes. Eating by the philosophy that every calorie must fight for its life has changed my relationship with food and has dramatically improved my well-being. I just feel so much better. Also, I’m replacing the gas stove with electric. I know, bad Bryan.
  2. @ikuarden8391 [2 likes]: actually this looks like a random European food, that we serve everyday in our home, but with some fancy spices - key is - no yellow cheese, no fried - greetings from Poland
  3. @stevenraz8756 [1 likes]: why would you cook it and not just eat it raw i mean the veg, like 50% or more of nutrition is lost on cooking it
  4. @edithh1985e [1 likes]: in my opinion, you would live long  not beacause you will eat healthy food, but beacause of working out a lot. And this is beacause of main thing - strong heart muscle
  5. @Saguaripa [1 likes]: …you lost me at personal chef! 🤣
  6. @psychomoth06: Ok, Bryan…as someone who’s really into nutrition myself, what’s your take on beef liver, assuming it’s well-sourced? I know it’s not vegan. (SHOCK! HORROR!) But it’s a very nutrient-dense food. How does this factor in for those who may not want to go all in on veganism?  This comment will probably never get a reply, but couldn’t hurt to ask. 😂
  7. @ForinternetPurpose: How many meals do u hv daily?
  8. @AlexEroe: Sharing your chef’s recipes inspired me to eat and cook cleaner. My wife and I drink the green smoothie almost daily after workouts.

Keep sharing man, you’re helping a lot of people in so many different ways.
  9. @samadhi15632: 그린 스무디는 절대 건강식이 아닙니다.  이런 방송에
열광하고 따라하다니…
  10. @BurnwithKern: Bro I'm a bodybuilder I'm gonna lose all my gains if I eat this way.
  11. @tajanagicic8479: I don't need nothing Blueprint
  12. @riannaszenderszky6547: Heyyy, I’m just looking for a few people to connect with and get healthier together, thought this would be the right place to search for it, hopefully someone answers me :). Btw i’m female and 20 years old
  13. @Dragon211: watching his videos i defiantly changed my diet for the better but i can't give up some unhealthy food, it's just to good. Life is for living not to avoid dying, none of us can outrun the reaper.
  14. @richardkell4888: So sad that very little assimilated from Indian cuisine.
  15. @SignatureEdits: anyone find it funny how visually unappetizing all three of these are 😅 i'm sure they taste better than they look
  16. @franciscojesus1195: Is this black lenthil and roasted veg bowl superveggie v2?
  17. @babylonian5: wheres the meat?
  18. @ullasoehle7474: That's great food! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😊😊
  19. @Ben-u9g3o: doesnt eat meat?
  20. @Evoque09: Chef is yummy too

- What I Eat in a Day at 39 to Keep My Biological Age Young (Plant-Based, High Protein): Kind: captions Language: en I'm 39 years old and my biological age came back as 22. [music] If you do the math, that is a pretty extreme difference. I'm feeling better than I ever did [music] in my 20s and I'm here to share it with you guys. So, after looking back at the comments from [music] last week's popular video, one thing I continue to hear is, "So, what exactly do you eat all day [music] long and how do you manage to make it sustainable?" So, I'm here to tell you that there are no detoxes, cleanses, crash diets, no extremes. [music] You can do it without powders. It's colorful. It's delicious and I've been doing this for the past 10 plus years without [music] fail. So, today I'm going to take you through what I eat in a day. There's a simple framework that I follow. There are some key items that I keep in the back of my mind. I don't really need to think about them because I'm kind of on this healthy autopilot, which is such a good [music] place to be. So, if you are new here, I know that there are a ton of newbies. Please give this video a thumbs up. Leave me some love in the comments. Let me know where you're coming from, how you found Eat Move Rest. There is so much amazingness in store. There are lots of resources linked below in the description for you to cruise around and check out. So, without further ado, let's jump right into what I eat in a day. If you have not already checked out me and my husband's transformation story, please go do so. We have a couple of those where we dive into the details of where we came from and where we're at now. So, long story short, I was in a severe state of disease and experienced a handful of symptoms. One of the outward-facing symptoms was significant weight gain. That was the least of my problems, but my confidence did take a major hit. So, when I began to heal and lose the weight, I fell into strict calorie counting, deprivation, feeling [music] super low energy and foggy and just not enjoying my meals. A lot of them were Lean Cuisines. They were packaged because I was constantly checking >> [music] >> calorie counts, grams of fat, grams of fiber because my digestion was awful. All of that being said, I went from eating about 1,500 calories a day and nearly not being able to get through a single day with super low energy [music] to now eating nearly 3,000 calories a day, moving away from processed packaged foods. Yes, that was one layer to the onion. But then after that, when I began to release animal products, my blood work got better, no longer had high cholesterol, my hormones got back in sync, my periods became regular, ended up having three beautiful babies, all of which were through a vegan whole food plant-based diet. They are also plant-based and the rest is history. So, now I'm eating a high volume of low calorie foods. They're colorful. They're delicious and they are helping me to live a low inflammation lifestyle, which contributes directly to my biological age being so low. So, I want to show you guys how you can do the same. First things first, let's take a peek inside the refrigerator. It is not fully stocked, but it's pretty close. But I want to show you how I start my mornings because I already had breakfast, to be honest, but I still want to walk you through it and it starts with what I prep on the weekends. It's my green smoothie jars. They've been such a game changer because the number one thing I do in the morning is front-load my day with hyper-nourishment. That means tons of greens, tropical fruits, vitamin C-rich foods that help keep collagen intact, healthy omega-3 fatty acids from foods like chia and flax, >> spirulina, which helps to gently detoxify. It's also one of the highest sources of plant protein in the world. There are so many good things, but I was feeling a little bit overwhelmed as a mom, especially at breakfast time, wanting to keep my hyper-nourishing green smoothies in the rotation, but they take a lot of time. So, prepping all of the superfoods and powders ahead of time has been such a game changer. It has shaved about 5 to 7 minutes off of the smoothie and when you're a busy mom, that means everything. We're all about simplicity because simple is sustainable. [laughter] Up top behind the berries, I've got my smoothie prep jars, which I'll grab out and give you a close-up look at and I'll quickly explain how it works in the mornings with those. Down here, we've got lots of veggies and greens. We've got rice [music] prepped. We've got dinner made. So, when I get to dinner, I'll tell you guys why this is so critical right here. More greens right here for juicing and blending, more veggies and this is fruit like apples, lemons, limes. We've even got some ginger and turmeric root. Got our organic two-ingredient soy milk, just water and soybeans. Got a couple simple supplements. You don't need to go overboard. And we've got some juices and things over here, some chia, flax and other smoothie superfoods. I like to keep them in the fridge where they're easy to grab to top smoothie bowls with, >> nut butters. We've got tofu and tempeh in the back. We've got Ezekiel flourless sprouted organic bread. And then down in our freezer, we've got tons of frozen bananas and other frozen fruits. We've even got frozen greens. If you ever feel like you're not going to eat all of your greens, it's as simple as popping them in the freezer, especially if they're the pre-washed kind because then all you have to do when it comes time to make your smoothie is reach into the freezer. So, that has been a huge game changer [music] for us. Let's talk about the daily framework for breakfast, lunch and dinner. For breakfast, I already mentioned hyper-nourishment. That is top priority, making sure I get lots of greens in, but making them taste good. >> And the other caveat here is making sure that it's high protein. A protein-packed breakfast to fuel my busy days is so key. So, what I'll do is I'll take my Vitamix pitcher, I'll put three cups of water and then all I have to do is dump in this prepped smoothie jar. I've talked at length in other videos about what all I put in my green smoothies. Comment below if you have trouble finding that one or any of those. After I've got the powder and the liquid, I will go in with a couple stalks of celery, a ton of greens. Dino kale is my favorite. A green Granny Smith apple. Then after that comes the frozen ingredients. I'll do three frozen ripe speckled bananas and then two cups of frozen mango and a cup of frozen pineapple. >> Or you can do just pineapple or just mango, but the bananas are definitely crucial to make it creamy, [music] sweet. All of this together gives you such a satisfying first meal of the day. I cannot live without it. Now, we do have kiddos and I'm usually working out in the morning, so I'm extra hungry. And some people, a lot of people actually, say that a smoothie, even a big one like this, just doesn't keep them full long. So, I also couple our breakfast with some form of oats, whether that be our made-from-scratch pancakes, [music] waffles or just stove top oats. I'll do overnight oats. I'll do baked berry oats. All of these recipes are either in our cookbook or our app, which are guys if you want more details on that. But essentially, the oats are super clean, super kid-friendly. Oats are phenomenal because they're another fiber-rich food. They contain [music] beta glucan. It's good for your gut microbiome. They have enough protein and enough healthy fat to make it worth it. While we're talking about protein, let me tell you how else I add protein to my breakfast. You certainly don't need to use a protein powder, but I do add it in. It's an easy, satisfying, low inflammation way to add some extra oomph to [music] your smoothies and your oats. So, I add a scoop into our oatmeals, into our waffles, into our pancakes, whatever the case may be. I also add about two scoops into the [music] smoothie because my husband and I split it. So, I'm a huge fan of Sunwarrior. I'll show you guys. I highly recommend the vanilla warrior blend. If you don't want flavored, they have an unflavored, but I like the 90-serving size bag. It cuts down on the amount of orders you have to place. It lasts a long time. It's so clean, heavy metal tested. It's raw. It's organic. It's all the things. We do have a discount code below in the description. We have been long-time partners with Sunwarrior. In fact, I think they were our first partnership ever because we had been using it right when we went plant-based. So, check the description below to save 20 to 30% on your orders. There's nothing wrong with using a protein powder as long as you are checking all of those boxes. Plant-based [music] means, again, it's going to be very low inflammation. It's going to be health promoting. Protein is so essential for healthy muscle development, hair, [music] skin and nails, all kinds of things. And especially as we age, if we're wanting to reverse age biologically, I recommend choosing a plant-based protein for those reasons because >> whey proteins can do the opposite and cause inflammation in your body, which is something we don't want, especially if you are highly active. [music] You want something that's going to be health promoting. You'd be surprised to know that every single plant food contains protein, [music] but more importantly, contains fiber. Animal products contain zero fiber. In fact, 98% of Americans are actually deficient in fiber. [music] So, with plants, yes, you're getting protein. You're also getting the fiber. It's going to scrub your gut clean. It's going to help you shed that weight. It's going to help you feel highly energized. And all of this equates to lower inflammation, burden on the body because most of our energy is diverted to digestion. And if we're eating a very dense, animal product-heavy diet, it's going to take away and steal your energy, leaving you feeling dull, foggy, lifeless, [music] all the things. There are many gut docs and plant-based physicians who actually recommend eating 30 plus different types of fiber per week. An easy way to do that is these smoothies and these heart-healthy, low inflammation type of breakfast that I've just talked about with you guys. Every single day, what I like to focus on is emphasizing an abundance of raw foods [music] in the form of smoothies, salads, and soups. These are not light meals that leave you feeling starved afterwards. They are nutrient-dense, high-volume, low-calorie, >> but they're feeding you at a cellular level. This is the most important thing here is that we're getting an abundance of phytonutrients, vitamins, [music] minerals, all the things your cells need to send signals to your brain. I've got what I need to keep [music] you running smoothly and efficiently without chronic low-grade stress from processed, packaged, junk [music] foods, and even animal products. So, in order to age in reverse and keep inflammation at an all-time low, I'm focusing on these three things [music] for breakfast. Number one, the nutrient density and hyper-nourishment. Number two, a focus on plant protein sources. And number three, getting in those green leafies. >> Those are so crucial for a low-inflammation, reverse-aging diet. Moving on to lunch with the smoothie, salad, and soup framework, when I'm looking at my salad, the number one thing I pay attention to is are all colors of the rainbow present first and foremost? So, a high raw lunch. We also, if you notice, had a high raw breakfast, but that doesn't mean all raw. You can definitely and should [music] probably incorporate some healthy cooked foods as well. So, what I like to do is I focus on a green first and foremost. If you're seeing a trend here, I love greens. So, a green, a grain, an and then some healthy fat. So, I'm going to show you in real time as I'm chopping my lunch salad. And in order to make this something that sticks, it's got to be simple and repeatable. So, that's the second part. Besides color, making it simple and repeatable, it comes down to just some simple prep tips. >> So, if you guys haven't already heard, we just launched the 90-day plant-powered reset, our one-on-one coaching program that's a very high-touch point, results-driven coaching program. You [music] can check it out below and click the link. There is a waitlist, but if you fill out the application, we can get in touch with you. We focus on just this very thing, teaching you how to quickly prep meals so that you can make your weekly meals a success day in and day out, literally for the rest of your life. Like I said, we've been doing this for 10-plus years. So, in order to make these deliciously nourishing salads repeatable, I prep once weekly, and I coach you guys through it in our coaching program, but I'm going to show you what all I'm putting in today with my green, grain, bean, protein, and healthy fat. So, let's look at it up close. So, for today, my greens are green leaf lettuce. It's so soft and tender. It's probably my favorite for salads. And then, I also love to do sprouting because, again, when we're talking about aging in reverse, broccoli sprouts are super duper high in something called sulforaphane. It's >> highly anti-cancer. It is so great for low-inflammation, reverse-aging diet. My grain is quinoa. It's actually a pseudo grain. It's actually a seed. [music] So, whether or not you're afraid of grains, just know quinoa is a great option. Beans, I usually soak and cook chickpeas. They're my top option, but today I'm going to use some drained and rinsed canned [music] black beans. And then, my added protein today is tempeh. I'm a huge fan. I just became a really big fan of it like last year. Tofu is another great option. As long as you're buying organic, these are great. I'll eat about half of this. Dusty will eat the other half. It's 50 g of protein in this tiny little block. So, it's a great way to get healthy fats and healthy protein. I like to slice it thin and sauté it on the stovetop in a splash of coconut aminos. And it's kind of one of those, if it's not broken, don't fix it things. That's the only way I usually make it because it's so good. So, I'm going to sauté that and chop all my veggies, and I'll show you. Healthy fats, I always incorporate avocado, about a quarter to a half of avocado, and then seeds. This is my absolute favorite, organic sprouted pumpkin and sunflower seeds. They're lightly salted. Adds a nice [music] crunchy texture to my salad bowls. This is like an epic way to do lunch. So, I've got just a splash of water here in my pan. I'm going to add my tempeh and then add in the coconut aminos and sauté it for about 10 minutes. You can kind of stir it and flip it, but it's not entirely necessary. [music] And then, I'm going to chop my colorful rainbow veggies while that's sautéing. The tempeh and the quinoa can be prepped ahead of time at the beginning of the week, as well as the beans and the sprouts. So, that cuts down tremendously. So, you can [music] see here, we have all colors of the rainbow present. We've got our red, orange, yellow, frozen thawed sweet corn. We've got plenty of green. We've got purple. We've got our healthy avocado fats [music] here, our black beans, our seeds. So, this is how we're going to pack in the volume while keeping things super fiber-rich and low-calorie, super duper water-dense, which means hydrating for your cells, too. That's going to help them to operate efficiently, contributing even more to the low-inflammation diet that we're going for here to help your cells actually regenerate and reverse your biological age. So, you can [music] definitely prep your grains, your beans, your protein, your dressings or healthy fat sauces and things like that. You could also, honestly, prep these veggies or just prep the other ingredients, and it's like maybe 5 minutes of work to chop all of this fresh each day, which is what I like to do. Also, let's keep in mind this is easily going to contribute to our 30-plus grams of fiber variety. There is so much here, so much abundance, and it tastes amazing. [music] I also find that organic has more flavor and better flavor. Organic is huge for me when we're talking about a low-inflammation diet. Just think about it this way, we are the only species that sprays chemicals and poison on our food to keep other animals away, but then we go and eat that very poisoned food ourselves. It just doesn't [music] compute when we're talking about low inflammation, getting rid of chronic low-grade stress, [music] we have to reduce the toxic burden on our bodies. So, not only that, we're also the only species that [music] drinks chemicals in our drinking water. So, filtering your water is another big one for me. We drink reverse osmosis remineralized water. We also have a water ionizer to add hydrogen back into our water. That's a whole separate video in and of itself, but again, we're looking at lowering our inflammation so that our cells can reverse age. And with the kids, it's the same thing [music] for lunch. They do dabble in some of these raw veggies and enjoy many of them, but for the majority of what they're eating, we will emphasize the whole grains, the beans, the extra protein, the healthy fats, all of those things will go into some sort of wrap. Think Chipotle burrito bowl style. That is their absolute favorite. So, I don't do dressings. I just whip up the avocado with salt and pepper, and then I will add on some coconut aminos. I like to add on sauerkraut. All of these veggies are so water-dense. And with the aminos and the guac, it makes it creamy and just juicy and perfect without having to do complicated dressings that just take extra time, add too many [music] extra calories. So, I don't really mess around. It's another one of those things, like I said, if it's not broken, don't fix it. All right, so I'm going to put it into action now. >> [laughter] >> Going to ruin my pretty food art. Put some black beans. And I would recommend a quarter to a half cup of each of your more hearty ingredients, depending on your caloric needs. I've been snacking on these tempeh, so I'm just going to [music] add a couple on there. So good to just munch on. I'm going to get out my sauerkraut and top it with the coconut aminos and pumpkin seeds and call it a day. With the seeds, I wouldn't go more than a tablespoon. It's plenty. Sauerkraut and nutritional yeast staples for lunches and dinners, especially the nutritional yeast, which I especially like to use at dinners. So, let's look at dinner before I chow down on my lunch and try to talk to you guys with a mouthful. So, lunch was really the only heavy lift today just cuz I didn't have a lot of things prepped ahead of time. Dinner, like I said, was prepped, and it lasts us a couple nights, so we're not having to cook every single night. First and foremost, we had our brown rice cooked and prepped. We did a little Indian-inspired meal that's in our cookbook and our app. It's one of our go-tos. It's essentially like chili, but Indian-spiced. And not like spicy, just flavorful spice. So, when I'm thinking about dinner, the first priority is making it family-friendly, kid-approved, and also looking at protein density, but also, where lunch was a little bit more heavy emphasis on the raw, dinner has a little bit more of an emphasis on cooked, healthy whole grains, beans, [music] legumes, those protein-rich options, healthy fats. We are not afraid of gluten. We do include bread in our diet. Like I said, we like the sprouted, flourless, organic Ezekiel bread. Or another great option is sourdough. So, we get a really great organic, like three-ingredient sourdough from our grocery store. We usually incorporate those, especially for the kids' sake. So, in this dinner right here, we have a base of red lentils. This is going to be not only protein-rich, but super duper iron-rich. Super important for growing bodies, also for adults. So, whether you're a plant eater or a meat eater, iron deficiency is very, very common across the board. So, lentils are one of the best plant iron sources. [music] This also has sweet potatoes in it. We absolutely love getting different varieties of them. It's got onion and garlic, very great for fighting inflammation and keeping you young. [music] Soaked and sprouted chickpeas. I love to soak my beans and cook them in the Instant Pot. We'll save that for another video. It has peas in it, another great source of protein. It also has kidney beans, which are canned, but we like to sometimes incorporate two varieties of beans at dinner time just to make it more robust. It's spiced with all kinds of Indian spices, including turmeric, [music] which is very anti-cancer, highly anti-inflammatory, great for reducing pain. There's also cauliflower in there. So, needless to say, this is a loaded dinner. So, once you heat this up on the stove and you put it on a bed of brown rice, you can see why it lasts a couple of days. And then including, either like I said, one of our bread options, or we just came up with a really epic three-ingredient flatbread or Indian naan bread. It can also be used for tortillas or wraps, so you don't have to buy store-bought cuz it's really difficult to buy clean ones. So, when days start to get away from you and you come home from work and you're tired, and the last thing you want to do is cook, meals like this come in so clutch. It's so important to have your big hearty cooked meals maybe on Sunday night you're cooking, >> and then you don't have to cook Monday, maybe not even Tuesday, depending on your family size and your portion size. But then you're looking at cooking maybe two or three [music] nights a week. Maybe you eat out one night a week somewhere healthy, hopefully. So, you get the idea. We make it so that breakfast are nutrient-dense, protein-rich, lunches are colorful, they're fiber-rich, they are flavorful, and cover all of your macronutrient needs. [music] And dinners are so hearty, so delicious and flavorful. They're family-friendly, kid-approved, all the things. Every box has been checked. So, there you have it, the simple framework that I follow to actually reverse age. Like I said, my biological age is 22, and I'm approaching 40. At the end of the year I will be turning 40. I feel better than ever. My digestion is great. I don't have to worry about counting calories. I love the meals I eat. My green smoothie would be my go-to even if I had to choose what's my favorite dessert to indulge in, I would say my green smoothie feels like a dessert for breakfast. So, if you just remember my simple framework, a smoothie, a salad, and a soup. I can touch on snacks in between if you guys are interested in a follow-up video, let me know in the comments if you want to know my healthy snacks that I'm munching on in between these three meals each day because I like to snack, and I don't feel that I have to deprive myself because the snacks are so healthy and [music] good for you. Keep in mind that you'll want your smoothies to be plant protein forward, lunches are to be simple, sustainable, and therefore repeatable, and dinners are family-friendly and kid-approved. [music] It's the perfect formula to get you through your days without extremes, without crash dieting and falling off only to get back on again. If you feel like what you're truly needing is some accountability and hand-holding, I'm here for you. Dustin, my husband, is here for you. That's why [music] we created the 90-day coaching program. You can click below to join the waitlist. Also, if you're looking for something a little bit more self-paced, please join the Eat Move Rest Club. Go get access to our app with our recipes and meal plans, workouts, mindfulness, and more. And be sure to check out all of the other resources below. Check out Sun Warrior for that 20% off code. And reminder, if you want to see the healthy snacks that I'm incorporating, or perhaps if you want to see how we do this when we're being social, when we're traveling, and when we're on the go, let me know. I know the Super Bowl's right around the corner, and that's a big one where we can tend to derail, but we've got some epic crowd-pleasers we can share with you guys. Just let us know what you want, and we will be sure to deliver. Until next week, eat move rest your best. Bye guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EatMoveRest [59 likes]: Lots of new faces around here, so I wanted to share what a real day of food looks like for me after my biological age results. Simple, doable, and nourishing 🌱 Lots of helpful links in the description. 💚
  2. @lotusmarilyn2825 [2 likes]: ❤ having a clean healthy nutrition is key important... hydration , yoga , being active is so necessary !!! ❤
  3. @Sally-i8c [1 likes]: Organic food is triple the price so cannot afford it.
  4. @stephaddiction [1 likes]: Does anyone know what's in the smoothie preprepped jar?
  5. @VioletFlame-f3g [1 likes]: Cruising, lol. Great video, I do similar things, but due to lack of money and time i did more raw to get extreme results. Very interesting, the meal preping is very helpful for being busy. Really  good leading by example with the whole family. ❤🎉
  6. @dawnknowles9092: Would love the recipe for 3 ingredient naan/wrap. That is the hardest food to buy clean and taste good.
  7. @tanyachapin5069: I can’t find your smoothie prep video?
  8. @strawberry1286: ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  9. @aidamartinez6791: I enjoyed your video, and you do look very healthy and vibrant. Just curious how much you spend per week on groceries? That amount of veggies seems pretty expensive. Thank you
  10. @Natalielatreille: ❤
  11. @ToniaBardlabon: Is yr 3 ingredient naan recipe in yr cookbook?
  12. @ToniaBardlabon: What is the brand of 3 ingredient sourdough you use ?
  13. @geoc1005: I see lots of people asking for snack recipes. It's very unhealthy to snack between meals. Your system needs time to clear out one meal before you pile on another. Bad for dental health too. Eat two or three small/ moderate meals a day. We tend to eat way more food than the body needs.
  14. @melanie.3837: Great video.  What video shows the mix you add to your morning smoothie?
  15. @tatyanagapeyeva1628: Great eat move rest
  16. @99MODELTURC: Rich foods
  17. @GoldenLifeMotivation85: Can anyone please suggest a good protein powder of vegetarians? Most protein powders cause digestive issues for me
  18. @ericadelgado315: Can you please share each makeup product that you have on in this video and a link thank you🙏
  19. @tinikoovit6835: Love it! The food looks delicious!
  20. @Sabienwings: I've always wanted to go vegetarian. Despite my desire, I kept eating meat, pork, and chicken. Well, at 57, I ended up with leaky gut and GERD... it has forced me to eat mostly all fruits and vegetables, and no more alcohol of any kind. Sadly, I'm allergic to wheat, soy, peas, yeast..tropical fruits, blueberries and high histamine foods (avocados, spinach, citrus and bananas!) How I love those foods! Hopefully these food allergies will change once I get my gut healed.  I've subscribed and hope to learn new ways to eat and prepare non-meat meals and snacks. 😊

- MAJOR Changes to High Protein Diet in 2026 [New Guide To Lose Fat Faster]: Kind: captions Language: en As we've gotten more and more savvy with how to use protein to achieve a weight loss goal, there have been some major changes that you really need to be aware of, especially if you want to maximize for your fat loss results while also feeling great and fueling your overall wellness journey, too. So, today I'm sharing eight major changes to eating a higher protein diet that you need to be aware of so that you can continue or start seeing those fat loss, wellness, and gut health benefits. Let's dive into it. My name is Autumn. I'm a certified clinical nutritionist with my masters nutrition, human performance. On my channel, I share the sciencebacked and delicious information to help you achieve your weight loss and wellness dreams without counting calories. So, if you're new here, make sure you subscribe. Today's video is also sponsored by GEM, but more on them in a bit. Okay, the first major thing you need to know about is called protein pacing. Now, if you've been watching my channel for a while, then this idea is not very new to you. However, it is new to a lot of people. And protein pacing is the idea that you spread your protein evenly out between three meals. This is rather than having like a couple of meals be really high in protein and others being low in protein or having six small meals that are spread throughout the day that have an even amount of protein. By focusing on three meals that are evenly rich in protein, it really helps to maximize for fat loss, satiety, and gut health. It makes us feel really full and very satisfied, which makes it so easy to not snack on foods that won't support your goals. But on top of that, by properly spacing out your meals in this way and not snacking in between, it also gives you the double benefit of really ramping up gut cleaning and reducing bloating. And that's because when we don't eat for exactly 3 hours and 45 minutes, it turns on the gut cleaning process called the migrating motor complex. This flushes out left behind food and bacteria that would otherwise cause bloating. So, the key thing here is to really watch out for breakfast because breakfast for a lot of people tends to be the lowest in protein, especially when you consider foods like cereal or toast or even sneakier items like protein bars or eggs. Second thing that's really important for you to know is to try and eat eggs, dairy, or meat at your first meal, aka breakfast. These are the proteins that are highest in a type of amino acid called leucine. These also just so happen to be the most satiating proteins. Lucine helps to really kickstart muscle recovery and creation, which also helps us to prevent muscle loss. And when we're focusing on a fat loss journey, we really, really need to make sure that we're preventing muscle loss because as we lose muscle, it slows down our metabolism and makes it harder to maintain or even continue seeing fat loss results. So, logistically, this might look like having a breakfast of eggs with cottage cheese. Another option would be to have Greek yogurt with whey protein stirred in. Okay, the third thing we need to talk about is a 30 g of protein idea. Now, most experts in the field, including myself, will recommend 30 grams of protein to have at each of your meals so that you can really see the benefit of protein. And it was also previously thought that you could only absorb about 20 to 30 g of protein from a meal, making it so that you should really cap your protein at about 30 g. However, a very recent study found that you could actually have as high as 100 g of protein on a meal and still use it properly as protein. On top of that, studies show that the amount of protein each person needs is very individual based on your goals as well as your current weight, too. It's said anywhere between 1.2 to 1.6 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight or a pound of protein for lean mass. Either way, if you don't want to do the math, I do have a free protein calculator. I'll have it linked down description below so you guys can check it out. But the idea is that if you want to see the best benefits, you want to also make sure that you're eating enough protein for you and your goals. Now, 30 g is a great place to start and does cover a lot of people's needs. But by specifically finding out how much your body needs by using that protein calculation that can give you more tailored data so you can see better results for your body and goals. And before we move on, I want to give a huge thank you today's sponsor, Gen. GEM is an amazing whole food supplement. And in the past, I've used their multivitamin. I still use that, but lately I have been absolutely loving their stress supplement, especially because I am a mom of two now. I run a business full-time, and my youngest, who is four months old, loves to occasionally wake up like every single hour. so I could use the distresser. So, I have been loving using Jim's chill out magnesium bite. It has three different forms of magnesium that helps to support muscle recovery, sleep, and mood. It also has lemon balm, which is an herb that's known for reducing stress and anxiety. I like to take mine in the afternoon to support sleep and winding down, especially because sleep has been a struggle lately. I want to make sure I'm optimizing it as much as possible. And my favorite thing about GEM is that it's made from whole food. So rather than having to choke down a capsule, which I'm always afraid that I literally will choke on a capsule, instead I get to eat a tasty bite that gives me amazing benefits and nutrients. And the Gem Chill Out Magnesium Bite is made with cacao, banana, and cinnamon. So it's warm, slightly nutty, and has a sweet taste. It honestly tastes so good. And you can get 20% off your first month of Gem with code autumn baits at checkout. So, make sure you head over to dailygeem.com/ autumnbates or click the link down description below so you don't miss out on that discount. Okay, the fourth thing you need to know about is specifically timed protein drinks, not just post-workout. So, most people when they think of a protein drink, they often think of having it post-workout. And that's because it was previously thought that we had this anabolic window where you had to have protein within 30 minutes after your workout in order to see the benefits. Now, this also was debunked and found that as long as you're having enough protein within a 24-hour window after your workout, then you will still see the benefits of that protein recovery. And in fact, there could potentially be a few other better times to be using a protein drink instead. One is to have it after your last meal before you go to bed. This could help with improving sleep as well as muscle recovery. And it works by helping to stabilize blood sugar levels by having some protein before bed. And it also provides the amino acids that are needed for muscle recovery, which we do the majority of our muscle recovery when we're sleeping anyway. And then another great time is before you go grocery shopping. Having a protein richch meal in general is a great tool before you go shopping because it helps to prevent those impulse buys that are high in sugar or processed carbs. Specifically, a fellow colleague in the space, Thomas Dauer, has mentioned that he likes to take a protein drink before he goes shopping for that exact reason, which I think is absolutely brilliant. So, you could do this by having a protein smoothie before you go to the grocery store, or you could have something like my protein hot chocolate. This also works as a dessert, especially if you want to have it after dinner to get those potential sleep benefits. It is so good. It has 18 g of complete protein and zero added sugar if you want to check that recipe out. I'll have it linked right up here. I'll also have the recipe linked down description below so that you can print it out and have it ready whenever you want it. Okay, the fifth is to pair high protein with intermittent fasting, but make sure you do it the right way. By using this combination, you can really double down on the benefits of fat loss and gut health while also potentially improving insulin sensitivity, which this combination does make it so much easier to burn fat as fuel. But it has to be done the right way. Don't just skip a meal with intermittent fasting. That can lead to muscle loss. It can lead to lower protein intake, and it can overall just reverse your progress. And don't rely on really long fasts. From my experience, I've seen the best fasts range from 12 to 16 hours with about 14 hours being the ideal for most people. That way, you get the benefits of the intermittent fast while also getting the benefits of fitting in three protein richch meals. I also have so many literally like hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of blogs and videos on this exact topic of how to use intermittent fasting the right way. I'll have the best one to start off with linked right up here so that if you are new to intermittent fasting, you can start off on the right foot. Okay. The sixth is to focus on higher protein to fat ratio. This is something that my husband recently accidentally experienced. I shared his whole story on the one breakfast change that he made that helped him really reduce body fat recently. And it ultimately came down to focusing on more protein and not as much fat. It's not to say low fat, but instead making sure that he actually hit his protein needs before then adding in fat. Because it is really easy to accidentally eat a lot more fat before you actually get enough protein, especially if you're eating a lot of foods like sausage or salami or if you're using a lot of ingredients like peanut butter and almond butter. So, choosing really high quality, dense proteins and focusing on those first before then adding in other fats is a great strategy to make sure that you're covering your bases. Okay. The seventh is protein diversity. Gone are the days of just having chicken breast and low-fat dairy. Instead, we want to get a variety of different protein sources because each of these different proteins have different benefits. Red meat is really high in bioavailable zinc and iron. Dairy is incredibly high in leucine as well as vitamin K2 and calcium. Eggs are super high in vitamin A as well as choline. Fish is an amazing source of omega-3s. And then beans, although they are not a great source of protein, are incredibly high in various minerals as well as an amazing source of fiber. Now, the goal is to get a mix of all of these different sources so that we're actually getting the nutrient density to fuel our long-term wellness and health goals in addition to our actual fat loss goals. Now, the way I like to break this down is by having either eggs or dairy at breakfast and then at lunch having the opposite of whatever I already had. So, if I had like eggs at breakfast, then I'll have cottage cheese at lunch. And then at dinner, I like to alternate between different sources of animal-based proteins. So, this might be like fish, chicken, or beef. And the eighth is to pair it with high-fiber foods. High fiber pairs so well with protein, especially for health and weight loss goals. And that's because both fiber and protein are so good at helping you to feel full and satisfied and just make a fat loss journey so much easier. Fiber specifically helps to raise our satiety hormone GLP-1, which is that same hormone that weight loss medications like ompic are targeting. It also is crucial for boosting gut health and reducing gut inflammation. And when done properly of pairing it with high protein and eating enough fiber, it can just make fat loss feel so effortless, which is exactly what I recently experienced with my 15 lb postpartum weight loss journey. Now, if you're looking for numbers, I would aim for between 30 to 50 gram of fiber per day. Now, balancing out your protein and fat is something that is very important for seeing long-term success, and it was the major thing that helped my husband to break through his own fat loss plateau. So, make sure you check out this video next for those details. Also, if you're new to my channel and you love this sciencebacked information, make sure you subscribe right here. Come out new videos every Tuesday and Thursday. All right, guys. Thanks so much for tuning in and I'll see you in my next video. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jenelynablania8628 [10 likes]: I don't follow any diet but my BMI is 21 and my body fat percentage is 17% without exhausting myself with diet but I do high protein diet ,I don't care what's the rest of the food in my plate ,I just do heavy weight lifting or the thing called resistance training ☺️
  2. @spencer34716 [6 likes]: What. Ever!  I feel like I've succumbed to clickbait with this one. Are these "MAJOR Changes" the result of a meta analysis?  No.   I'm 61 and in better health than any time in my life.  I have maintained a 60# weight loss for 7 years on (essentially) clean keto, two meals/day within an 8 hour window, resistance training, cold plunges, and cycling for fun.  I look to Dr. Ben Bikman for all the latest studies and data for metabolic health, and to Autumn for food/recipe ideas.
  3. @WeNarroWedIT [5 likes]: The tip about the 3-hour and 45-minute gap for gut cleaning is a total game changer 🧠✨ Thanks for the 2026 updates
  4. @TheConfidenceNetwork [2 likes]: I am a balance diet advocate.  I was struggling to lose menopause weight when I hit post menopause and gave up because of all these complicated  diet recommendations.  I finally say a registered dietician (not nutritionist) and started working with a trainer.  Both told me my diet is healthy and I was eating too many calories.  We made some caloric changes (reduced amount of daily raw nuts) 8  and I slowly lost 10 pounds over 8 months.  I still enjoy this channel, but Learned for me keeping it simple is most useful.
  5. @rachelross1249 [1 likes]: Fiber foods are a problem for those of us with IBS, IBD, Crohns etc. Fiber destroyed my intestines. Ended up with surgery. I’m sorry that adding fiber made matters much worse. Thank goodness, it’s not an essential nutrient source  and doesn’t NEED to be included. Otherwise, yes we have been under nourishing ourselves for decades by trying to feel full and satisfied from less nutritive food choices.
  6. @egrace67 [1 likes]: I hate when "nutritionists" start shifting and making new changes/alterations...and to be honest most of these have been covered and discussed for many years (i'm that old)I love your videos and have watched them for some time, especially a 2-3 years ago,  but I lose confidence in what you share and begin to think it is for content. Reinventing your content to keep people interested.
  7. @jackiemansfield8325 [1 likes]: This person stuffs herself with slaughtered Animal 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
  8. @ravenblaze82 [1 likes]: I am loving this new song "Imma Be Me" by Chaos2Clean
It's about NY Resolutions ❤🎉
I am just going to eat less and move more. If I just do small things everyday they add up😊
  9. @christinewalker6269 [1 likes]: i like listening to your channel way more than dr. mindy...if she even is a real dr
  10. @MichGasp [1 likes]: Well done video. I love how you display dietary information with images of delicious recipes. Eating healthy is not a deprivation but a discovery of how good and tasty real food is. Just a side note (from a European): your portions are big, even if’s salad or vegetables.. guys, rest of the world eats at least a 25% less of everything (protein, fibers etc) and lives longer..
  11. @LoveTheLordJesusToday: Chris Bumstead said 5 meals a day turned on his metabolism and that spread out meals were key for him to win Mr Olympia
  12. @darrenprintz2966: Where is the data on this as everything that I’ve seen says it doesn’t matter when you have your protein
  13. @AffairswithFlair053: Hi! Funny how people are now getting turned on to beans.  The typical lunch for a brasilian is rice, beans, (yes, black beans cooked with garlic and onion) a small steak,or seafood and salad.  Only now are people here getting this  message- and all their desserts pretty much use whole milk or condensed milk . Delicious and very filling almost impossible to pig out on their desserts.  Every time i am there i eat whole meals and dessert and still knock a few pounds off without even trying!  The testament to their way of eating is seen on people at the beaches - no overweight/ obesity over there!
  14. @elizabethstocks3062: Is the gem supplements safe during pregnancy?
  15. @miriamkhan2171: Beans and lentils are high in protein...
  16. @tiffanyandcomakeup: I am curious on what your suggestions are for someone with hypoglycemia? Needing small doses of sugar through the day.
  17. @Mac2Mon: I just wish there was more research done on what is best for women. Seems like we’re always having to hear blanket targets but those studies are usually done for men
  18. @jessicanelson-88: that's probably my problem why I'm stuck....I fast 18/20 hours a day and I do no strength training. I've lost 60 since March 2024 but now I'm at a standstill for 2 months. not losing, not gaining.
  19. @gmato9: Question....I purchased your chocolate protein powder and it tastes really good but when I tried to mix it with warm milk it was VERY hard to mix together.   Is there a trick to get it mixed in?
  20. @PeaceLove982: The title misleading, it would be great if you did a video relating to real protein not powders, I am not trying to be harsh just good advice as this was match the title..

- Top 5 Diet Tips for Flawless, Youthful Skin: Kind: captions Language: en our skin is an incredibly important organ it actually reflects the health status of all the other organs and systems in our body when you inest foods that are high in or even just well then you initiate an inflammatory response that can start to really aggravate acne and cause more acne just not good to do it's very clear that diets that are of the so-called lowi inflammatory type don't spark inflammation your skin is going to look so much better so much healthier more vibrant it absolutely impact your inflammation Levels by reducing them it absolutely will impact skin health and appearance all of that is going to make you look more youthful it's not an imagined effect it is [Music] real any discussion about skin has to include a discussion about nutrition why your skin and your immune system have a very intimate relationship it's bidirectional your skin reflects the status of your immune system in many ways anytime we're talking about the immune system or skin we need to take into account the gut microbiome and nutrition so many people asked what are the things that they should eat to have healthy appearing youthful skin they also asked what are the things that one eats that could exacerbate things like acne and what can one eat in order to reduce their acne so let's just start off with the basics the vast majority of our food if one desires to be healthy mentally healthy physically healthy and a high performing individual in any number of different things cognitive physical or otherwise we want to consume the vast majority of our foods from nonprocessed or minimally processed sources so-called Whole Foods so fruits vegetables if that's within your diet some people include grains some people don't I'm not here to discuss that of course if you're human sometimes you'll ingest processed foods but really trying to avoid highly processed foods is critical with respect to the specific foods that can improve skin appearance and skin Health it's very clear that diets that are of the so-called lowi inflammatory type that don't spark inflammation so these would be things that sometimes are referred to as the Mediterranean diet or a Paleo like Diet you hear these terms but what what are we really talking about mostly Whole Foods minimally processed foods again I'm an omnivore I love fruit I love vegetables I do like rice oatmeal and some pastas I like a great sour dough bread I like butter I like olive oil I like meat I like fish I think I am representative of most people out there because I eat most all those things but I also eat the occasional croissant I also eat the occasional slice of pizza I don't eat a lot of that stuff but I eat it now and again one of the I think best accounts on dermatologic health and skin health and appearance on the Internet is Dr Andrea Suarez she's a medical doctor board certified dermatologists and she has a wonderful video that describes the various foods that one can eat to promote skin health and skin appearance and she certainly mentions collagen and bone broth she also mentions various sources of omega fatty acids that are often lacking in people's diets that they should pay extra careful attention to get so things like walnuts flax fatty fish it's also suggested that we eat a lot of leafy greens so dark leafy greens you're probably noticing a lot of these recommendations are kind of typical for what people describe anytime they're talking about nutrition for health and of course we should get our colored fruits and veggies so our oranges our strawberries the Reds and oranges are critical out there and she also highlights something very important that I want to reiterate which is that we have a critical need for Vitamin A for our skin Health she appropriately cautions against supplementing with vitamin A because it's a fat soluble vitamin it's very easy to overdose vitamin A if one is supplementing with too much of it she recommends rather getting enough vitamin A from things like oranges carrots sweet potatoes she recommends as much Berry intake as is appropriate for someone and one can afford the berries are so delicious but they tend to be expensive so you're getting the theme now inflammation is bad not just for the skin but for all organ systems of the body it's not just about the high density of calories and the high density of taste present in highly processed foods those are problematic but a lot lot of the issue with these highly processed foods is the high heat conditions used to make those Foods stable on shelves or stable in packaging over time the point is that when these highly processed foods are basically made they involve the interactions between sugars and proteins and fats at high heat that make them stable on the shelf or in packaging and those can be very inflammatory and that can show up in the form of reactive skin it can make your psoriasis worse yes it can make your acne worse it can make your skin more tense tender and painful it can make your skin basically more reactive to some of the underlying predispositions you might have either because of genetics or other things you're doing or not doing maybe you're going through a particularly stressful time maybe you're getting a little bit of extra sun and you're eating more highly processed foods and those things are combining and making your skin break out or flush more than it would ordinarily again there's so many reasons to eat most of your foods from sources and of course and now I sound like a broken record cuz you can hear this all over the Internet ingesting foods that are excessively high in sugar excessively high in sugars combined with fats just not good to do pro-inflammatory it's going to cause all sorts of issues as you probably know when you ingest foods that are high in sugars or even just carbohydrates generally that also contain a lot of fats and in particular when those foods are highly processed well then you initiate an inflammatory response and set for it a whole domino set of issues related to hormone Pathways and cell growth Pathways that make everything acne psoriasis and overall appearance worse yes your skin will appear to age faster does that mean you can never have a french fry no you decide what's best for you but know what you're doing as a segue to talking about acne we need to talk about the gut microbiome and this is a direct outgrowth of our discussion about nutrition here's the simple takeaway that I believe everyone should follow not just for sake of healthy appearing skin but also for sake of every organ and tissue system in your body which is the data clearly show that ingestion of sufficient amounts of fiber so Prebiotic and probiotic fiber so fruits vegetables sometimes this can also come from grains some people will supplement with additional fiber if they feel they need it as well as ingestion of low sugar fermented foods things like kimchi sauerkraut the sort of sauerkraut that has to stay in the fridge so not the stuff that's stable on the Shelf at room temperature anything containing a brine that salty brine these low sugar fermented foods are powerful enhancers of the gut microbiome and when the gut microbiome is healthy you have reduced overall inflammation in the body this is often reflected at the level of the skin and basically skin health and the youthfulness appearance of skin is enhanced okay this can also help with conditions like acne or psoriasis especially in conditions where there's a direct immune system skin relationship that we'll talk about more in a little bit okay so I highly recommend people have anywhere from 1 to four servings of low sugar fermented foods per day and let's face it low sugar fermented foods if you find the ones that you like are really great to ingest cuz they're tasty and they're good for you we keep coming back to inflammation as a general issue for skin health and that points us also towards some specific dos and don'ts as it relates to Lifestyle let's face it if you sleep well your skin is going to look so much better so much healthier more vibrant than if you are not getting enough sleep if you drink alcohol and you wake up the next morning you know your skin is going to look puffy it's not going to look good doesn't mean you never have a glass of wine doesn't mean you never have a beer or a cocktail if that's your thing but alcohol consumed in excess and it doesn't take much to get there is going to cause sleep issues microbiome issues so get great sleep avoid alcohol in excess maybe avoid it allog together drink plenty of water this sounds like such basic advice but proper hydration is key get enough water in electrolytes it absolutely will your skin health and appearance in a positive way so these are just basic things that I'd be remiss if I didn't mention and as we all know our emotions impact the appearance of our skin and yes it can exacerbate so-called breakouts but I've done entire episodes about controlling your stress we have a master stress episode that talks about real time tools that you can use like the physiological sigh it's the fastest way that I'm aware of to reduce one's levels of stress this is something my laboratory has studied in detail at Stanford there are also things you can do and we're all aware of what they are proper sleep meditation non-sleep deep rest all things that we can do that are zero cost very minimal time investment and that reduced stress can dramatically improve not just the health but the appearance of your skin stress is part of life but learn to control your stress in real time and through tools like non-sleep deep breast that are zero costs that can help you reduce your overall levels of stress get great sleep and keep in mind that things that improve blood flow reduce inflammation give you lower stress better sleep all of that is going to make you look more youthful it's not an imagined effect it is real

  Top Comments:
  1. @omriyad6069 [16 likes]: I wish everyone a beautiful healthy skin.  Asalamu Alaykum, peace be upon you all.🖐🏻
  2. @RespireOfficial [13 likes]: 🌟Join Our Patreon!🌟If you want to learn how to make a faceless YouTube channel like RESPIRE, this is the place. We offer both Group and Individual Coaching sessions where you can ask Mark, the creator of RESPIRE, any questions you like. Join here: https://www.patreon.com/RespireOfficial
  3. @Smile.livelife [2 likes]: I stopped alcohol in Dec. A month ago stopped sugar for 1 week. Felt good. Started to feel really well. Felloffthesugarwagin and almost immediately having bad dreams, bad nights, aches, had to up my HRT which I was reducing. Today I’m going back off sugar and now I know how impactful it is! My tip is that stop boozefirst stabilise. then takeout all processed food e.g. cook protein and add natural fats for your main meals for a few months. Then when you stabilise that maybe over 4 months get off the sugar. You will have naturally increased your natural fats and protein by cooking.
  4. @ChitoWorld: Raw honey on the face for 10 min .
  5. @LOL1dek: But accoriding to dr Berg the active form of Vitamin A is in animal meat
  6. @IsabelleBlanc-m3s: i love this diet
  7. @PaleBlueDotASMR: Why not actually have Dr Dray on your show?
  8. @Maggie-g7x: Andrea Suarez has an active restrictive eating disorder
  9. @thinkingversal: I’m a big fan of every video you showcase in your video videos 🎉
  10. @charlottekelly7986: I normally rarely eat fried food. A few months ago I was eating it regularly and my skin became so bad. Cystic zits around my chin like crazy. I stopped and my skin is back to normal.
  11. @LoveSource1111: What is the music called
  12. @Juststfu02: Just avoid plants as much as possible
  13. @sarahdavey9545: There was a time when I avoided mirrors in bright light because of how uneven my skin looked. After using #WhiteOnCream, I started noticing permanent skin whitening and a smoother texture, and now my skin has that Korean glass skin clarity.
  14. @mariasandez5570: Dr. Huberman, the connection between the gut microbiome, inflammation, and skin health is fascinating! While cleaning up my diet helped massively, the topical game-changer for me was #WhiteOnCream. By applying a product focused on healing the skin's exterior, it cured my dark circles and provided a lasting permanent skin whitening effect. Diet plus this cream gave me that flawless Korean glass skin. Thank you for the science-backed insights!
  15. @Skin_Nourish: Wow
  16. @sherylcastro5688: Gayyyyy
  17. @stereotypicalperson655: Gay
  18. @MegaSHamoooo: How do we implement a diet that keeps skin clear while also trying to gain weight. I’m around 170-167lbs right now and I want to be 182-185lbs by the end of 2026. Any advice helps. Thank you guys
  19. @jaylisjayla: Great video and the explanation is what I been looking for!
  20. @sushildhakal4218: 😅😅

- What Are The BEST VEGAN Protein Sources to Build Muscle & Lose Fat? (Eat These!): Kind: captions Language: en if your goal is to lose body fat increase some lean muscle mass and get strong then eating enough protein and maintaining a calorie deficit along with strength training is the key if you are vegan you can't achieve high protein intake while relying on beans and lentils as your primary protein sources in this video I'm going to break it down step by step as to why beans lentils nuts and seeds are not ideal to increase your overall protein intake while maintaining less calories we are going to compare protein to calorie ratio in these examples to prove my point before we get into all those details I want to say three things number one I am not going to be telling you what you should be eating and should not be eating I'm going to Simply State the facts with all these various examples it's entirely up to you what you do with this information and how you modify your diet to meet your protein Targets number two I am not saying beans and lentils and nuts and seeds are bad for you they are amazing for your health I have been raised vegetarian all my life and I consumed plenty of beans and lentils throughout my life and I still continue to enjoy them in my daily diet to maintain a Fit Body body beans and lentils are amazing for our health they contain ton of iron magnesium and lots of other vitamins and nutrients we should all incorporate beans and lentils into our daily diet however all I'm trying to say is that if your goal is to change your overall body composition and maintain low calories then relying completely on beans and lentils is not going to be ideal and number the reason why I am sharing this information is because this is one of the mistake most women make when their goal is to increase some lean muscle mass relying on beans and lentils alone will not help you achieve that goal and that is one of the mistakes I made at the start of my fitness journey and I'm simply sharing this information with you so that you don't have to make the same mistakes that I made before we dive into all the details let's quickly talk about two things number one why do calories matter and number two why do we need to keep our protein intake High calories are the king when it comes to losing weight so if your goal is to lose fat and increase some lean muscle mass which is what body recomposition is then you need to increase your overall protein intake while maintaining a calorie deficit and it becomes really challenging as a vegan again if you are completely relying on beans lentils nuts and seeds to get your protein targets to demonstrate this example let's say that you're a female and you need to eat 1,650 calories per day and about 120 gram of protein in order to successfully lose fat and increase some lean muscle mass so if you are completely relying on beans and lentils it's going to be really hard for you to maintain your calorie deficit while keeping your protein intake High number two why does high protein matter protein is an essential macronutrient just like carbs and fat pretty much every part of our body is built from protein we need protein to help us repair our muscle tissue or possibly grow our muscle tissue our body needs protein for producing hormones and enzymes and pretty much for staying alive and one of the other reason protein is essential when you are trying to change your overall body composition is because protein helps you stay satiated when you incorporate protein at every single meal you feel lot more Fuller from those meals and that means you're going to end up eating less calories overall at the end of the day now let's go over some of the examples of beans and lentils and comp compare their protein to calorie ratio to help us understand as to why they are not the best primary protein sources when you're trying to change your overall body composition so in order to get 25 grams of protein from chick peas you will need to eat about 467 calories from chickpeas alone that is roughly 285 G of serving to get 25 G of protein from black beans you will need to eat about 420 calories that's about 300 G of black beans which is roughly about 2 cups to get 25 g of protein from cooked lentils which are about 325 calories and roughly about 280 G of serving to get 25 g of protein from green peas you will need to consume about 390 calories and roughly about 500 G of green peas so as you can see in order to get only 25 gram of protein that's how much food volume you need to be eating in order to get those protein targets I don't know about you but as a female if I eat that many beans and lentils in a day I will be extremely bloated and uncomfortable everyone is different I am not saying that what I experience you are going to experience the same thing but this is one of the things that you should consider now let's look at quinoa most people think that quinoa is a great plant-based protein Source yes quinoa is great in a sense that it has all nine essential amino acids however quinoa is not that high in protein as you may think to get 25 g of protein from cooked quinoa you will need to eat about 672 calories and that is about 3 cups of Cook quinoa that's a lot of food volume in my opinion now let's talk about nuts and seeds many people on a Whole Foods plant-based diet will say that nuts and seeds are amazing and they contain protein yes they do no doubt however they also are extremely high in calories and fat in order to get 25 gram of protein from almonds you will have to eat roughly 690 calories cies to get 25 g of protein from Ham seeds you will have to eat 442 calories to get 25 g of protein from chia seeds alone you will have to eat 729 calories as you can see the calorie to protein ratio is extremely high if you are relying on beans lentils nuts and seeds as your primary protein Source now let's talk about primary AR vegan protein sources that you should consider into your daily diet if you want to change your overall body composition number one tofu tofu is a complete plantbased protein because it contains all the nine essential amino acids to get 25 gram of protein from tofu you will need to consume 140 G of extraor tofu that is about 247 calories tofu is also higher in calcium and tofu is slightly higher in fat as well so it's not going to be completely lean protein Source consider tofu as a protein source with some fat Tempe is another great plant-based protein Source it's in the same category as tofu Tempe is fermented so it's much better for your gut health however not everybody enjoys eating Tempe as it tends to have a bitter t taste if you try out some of my recipes that I have shared on my Channel with Tempe you will definitely enjoy incorporating Tempe into your diet so make sure you check those recipes out at the end of this video I will leave the links for those videos in the description box below so to get 25 gram of protein from Tempe you will need to consume about 244 calories for those of you who cannot consume consume soy then you have an option of having fava bean tofu to get 25 gr of protein from fava bean tofu you are only looking at 111 calories and it has zero grams of fat so the macro for fava bean tofu are amazing I highly recommend using fava bean tofu as a replacement if you're not able to consume any soy products one of my other favorite plant-based protein so s is TVP which stands for textured vegetable protein textured vegetable protein is usually dried up soy beans it's a really good lean protein source to get 25 gram of protein from TVP you only get 165 calories and that's from a 50 grams of serving and it has only 0.5 gram of fat so it's an extremely lean plant-based protein protein source and it's really macro friendly and it's going to help you increase your overall protein intake while keeping your overall calories low one of my other favorite lean plant-based protein source is Satan Satan is derived from vital wheat gluten flour it's basically washing out all the starches from the wheat and you are left with this wheat flour this wheat flour alone is not a complete plant-based protein Source however if you combine Satan with lupini beans nutritional yeast or if you combine Satan with tofu then it becomes a complete plant-based protein Source one of my favorite way to consume Satan is using my high protein Satan buns which you guys seem to enjoy a lot this is one of the recipes I shared on my channel a while back I will link that in the description box below so make sure to check that out to get 25 gram of protein from my tofu and Satan steak recipe you will have to eat only 72 gam of serving which is only about 153 calories and not to mention it has 1.8 G of Lucine as well one of the other lean plant-based protein source is plant-based protein powders I personally love to add protein powder every single day into my oatmeal and I have absolutely no problem with that it really helps me meet my protein targets depending on which brand of protein powders you use you can get 25 gram of protein within 120 to 150 calories my personal favorite brand is Sprout Living you can save 20% off using my discount code one of the other plant-based protein source is adame 25 gram of protein from adame will give give you 282 calories and you will need to eat roughly a little over a cup of green adames one of my other favorite plant-based protein source is lupini beans lupini beans are the only beans that are very high in protein low in calories and low in carbohydrates to get 25 gram of protein from lupini Beans you will have to consume roughly about 218 calories and that's about 1 and 1/2 cups of cooked lupini beans one of the other ways that you can increase your protein intake is by incorporating some processed faux Meats I know they are processed so they are personally not my favorite things to consume every single day however they are a great alternative when you really are on the go or you don't have time to prepare your protein ahead of time lastly there are many other ways to without increasing too many calories and one of the ways to do that is by just simply adding 2 tablespoon of nutritional yeast on top of your pasta or inside your salad 2 tblspoon of nutritional yeast is about 4 gram of protein and only 30 calories another way to bump up your protein intake is by adding spirina into your smoothies one tablespoon of spirulina will give you about 4 gam of protein one of my other ways to bump up my overall protein intake is using silk and tofu as my desserts or to make my sauces or cook my pasta sauces with fourth option to bump up your protein intake is to use powdered peanut butter powdered peanut butter is a lot less in calories compared to natural peanut butter which tends to be lot more calorically dense and it doesn't have that much protein so that's one of the things that I like to add on top of my pancakes waffles or my morning oats it just helps me bump up my overall protein intake without increasing too many calories one of the other ways to bump up your overall protein intake is to use plant-based Greek yogurt plant-based Greek yogurt tends to be lot more higher in protein compared to normal yogurt another way to bump up your protein intake is to use soy milk depending on the brand one cup of soy milk can have anywhere between 8 G to 13 g of protein per cup so if you are currently using almond milk or oat milk then it's a good idea for you to switch from those milk to soy milk so good news is that you can combine your plant-based protein from different sources you don't have to completely eat tofu or only eat beans or lentils let's say you want to create create a Buddha bowl in this Buddha bowl you can have about 100 G of extra firm tofu which will give you 17.6 g of protein and only about 176 calories you can also add some cooked quinoa let's say you added about 100 gram of cooked quinoa which will give you additional 4.7 gram of protein you can now also add about 50 g of cooked black beans which will give you 4.1 gam of protein and 70 calories and then you can go ahead and add one cup of cooked broccoli if you wish that will give you about 3 gam of protein and 27 calories and now let's top off this Buddha bowl with our tofu Sriracha Meal which will be about 50 gram of serving and 33 calories with 2.1 gram of protein in this Buddha bowl now you will have 428 calories with 31.5 grams of protein so this is one of the ways to increase your overall protein intake as a vegan without increasing your overall calories by keeping your protein intake High you will be able to increase your lean muscle mass while you will also be able to increase your overall strength at the gym which is critical as we all get older our goal should not be chasing skinny goal should be to maintain stronger bones and stay as strong and independent as long as possible while improving or maintaining our quality of life as we all get older and only way to do that is by increasing your overall protein intake while doing resistance training I hope you found value in today's video if you did please don't forget to give this video a thumbs up and if you made it this far thank you so much for watching I appreciate each one of you don't forget to share this video with someone who needs to increase their overall protein intake as a vegan if you haven't subscribed to my channel make sure you hit that subscribe button I hope you're all staying healthy and active I'll see you guys very soon on my next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrsslimonplants [57 likes]: Hey friends, I have been meaning to make this video for a while and I'm glad I finally did. I hope this video will help many who are trying to change their body composition and increase their overall protein intake as a Vegan. Please let me know your thoughts and If you found this video helpful!? I would love to know what you think and connect with each one of you in the comment section below 😃👇
  2. @ana_ruppenthal [5 likes]: Tofu
Tempeh
Seitan
Protein powders (plant based)
Edamame
Lupini beans
Processed (not everyday)
Nutricional yeast
Spirulina
Powdered peanut butter
Plant based greek yogurt
Soy milk
  3. @arrow2593 [4 likes]: for maintaining weight, legumes, nuts, seeds and tofu are good enough. I can see if you wanna go into deficit you could be running a little short, but if you increase tofu consumption it'd still be ok. good video, but the title is misleading, because i would just consider tofu a legume.
  4. @jiteshg6656 [2 likes]: Excellent, Mam❤
  5. @rupeshchauhan2 [1 likes]: One of the Best & Correct Information on Vegan Protein Diet 💚 Thank You..!
  6. @TechWaltMD [1 likes]: Had to rewatch this. I appreciate your way of making your point without getting personal or attacking. I will definitely incorporate more of these.
  7. @sarajohn6855 [1 likes]: It’s great but textured protein isn’t it processed? How our digestive system handles it.
  8. @violaevavenczel8378 [1 likes]: Subscribed! ❤ Lovely and to-the-point explanation, filled with scientific information and knowledge! Love it! ❤
  9. @ajnamusic [1 likes]: Fantastic video! I've been looking for something like this for a long time. Massive credit to you and a huge thanks 🙏🏾
  10. @sugeiypereira6647 [1 likes]: Amazing video! Thank YOU so much!
  11. @vidhanchandrasahu1185: Galti se ameeron ki channel mai aa gya 🙏🏻
  12. @Hawkehaven2278: Gorillas and Elephants might have something to say about muscles and vegetarian 😂😂😂  when we eat meat it’s second hand protein.
  13. @RSMJ: Incredibly helpful video. Thank you so much!
  14. @jessintime: This was a great video, thanks! I've been vegan for 6 years and never  until today tried to make seitan (as I thought it was complicated). Wow, blew me away how easy and yummy it was (I made as "waffles"). 5 minute meal! And perfect to take on the go! Now I will be obsessed with trying different combos to add fiber (oat fiber/psyllium). And it's easy to get lysine from other sources throughout the day. Still love my beans/nuts/seeds but this opens up so many amazing options. Also great for lower volume eating days!
  15. @shantichibi2483: Thanks ❤ What about spirulina? It contains lots of proteins, doesn't?
  16. @Rottingboards: As a man, I just want to gain muscle...what is the vegan super food for this goal?
  17. @_Hannah_..: gooood Lordddd ~;,,, women Should not consume Tofu because the estrogen content is Too High ;,, leading to Hormonal Imbalance later on in Life
  18. @ভাগবতমার্গ: Being lactovegetarian is best. You will get every macro and micro nutrients.
  19. @Crickettoon-vl2jh: I am using TVP and lentils.
  20. @peterkornwolf6579: Did she miss Tempeh? It’s my #1 protein source as a vegan athlete.

- Dr. Stacy Sims’ Nutrition Guide for Women 40+ to Boost Energy, Longevity & Gut Health: Kind: captions Language: en Can you have too much protein um in one sitting? Because that's a big kind of conversation that's online. Some people argue you can, some people argue you can't. And secondly, how important it is to make sure that you're not having a super low carb diet if you're having a very high protein diet. And I'm thinking about people building their plates with maybe a fillet of salmon and and it's hard. I say vegetables, but I talk about that. I know they're carbohydrates, but it's a very low carbohydrate diet in how that would be formed if you didn't have some brown rice or some brown pasta or whatever on the side. Um, so in that context, it's a two-pronged approach. Can you have too much protein? And also, um, what about a high protein, low carb diet for women? >> Yeah. So, the study that came out, I think it was that three months ago, that was looking at the 100 gram dose of protein and how long that took to digest and over 24 hours. it was still improving muscle protein synthesis and stuff. It was done in men. It hasn't been done in women. So, we don't know definitively. And we know that there is a difference in gastric emptying rate for women versus men, the way that women respond to protein, protein intake versus men. So, when I hear that, I'm like, it's a caveat. Yes, we know there's no upper limit for men, but it was a very small in and we don't know what the training status was. We have to look at the age. There's so many different factors that come into digestion that I'm still holding on to. Look, we know that you need regular protein throughout the day at around 30 or 40 grams at each meal, maybe 15 to 20 gram each snack. And if you're exercising, you know, as a recreational athlete, on the days that you're not training, three meals and one snack is probably enough. And if you on the days that you are training, you want to bookend your training with some food before and after. And that's the simplest way that I can get people to visualize what they're supposed to be doing with regards to how they space protein out. When we're looking at low carb, high protein, this is a big problem because now women are focusing more and more on that palm size or palm size and a half. And they're forgetting that you don't have to have that that size of salmon or meat on the plate. You can have something that's like a budable, right? and you're having some sweet potato, you're having some tempe, you're having some beans, you're having slice of beef in there, you're having lots of dark green leafy veggies and some fruit. So, you're having lots of complex carbs. And then you're also having your protein because there's so many different sources of protein. And I'm also Yeah, don't forget the quinoa. Don't forget the amar or the buckwheat. Like all of those can be accents. I try to steer people more towards the visualization of like a Japanese plate where the major things of western society are actually the accents and the things that are accents for the western society like our veggies and things is the main course. So it's like okay let's let's bring them together. So you know that when you are having protein I don't mean a big slab of fish. I mean, fish is in there and it's part of the accent with all the other good things that contribute to protein. And when I start saying that and people are like, "Oh, I get it now. I get it. So, I can have a a salad at lunch that is some fruit and some um spinach and some beans and maybe I'm going to have a little bit of roasted chicken. So, I'm getting all these great things and I feel satiated, but I don't feel overly full from too much, you know, dead protein hanging out my stomach. And then we have the people who are like, "What about the carnivorous diet?" I'm like, "That completely wrecks your gut microbiome." Like, I don't understand why people would just want to do something that's so contra contraindicative to having a healthy gut. >> Wow. I love that this is going to probably go a bit on YouTube with that comment, but I I agree. Um, we had Dr. Wilitch who comes on talking a lot about obviously fiber fuel and the importance of fiber for the gut. Um, and I think that is really important, right? I think looking at now I'm already building out I want to make sure that I'm keeping track of this. A perfect woman's day, which isn't always perfect. I'm going to reframe that. How a day should be looking for a woman who has no health conditions. I'm going to put it out there. Um, isn't excessively an athlete, not an excessive endurance training. Um, but basically wakes up, has some water, I imagine, has either 15 grams of protein for breakfast, um, minimum if they're not hungry, but if not, they have a very good 30 3030 rule, 30 grams of, well, 30 grams 30% fat, 30% carbohydrate, 30% protein. Um, and that's how we want to be building our plate. And we want to be having at least 1.6 grams of protein for 1 kilo of body weight. And we want to be spacing that constantly throughout the day. And we want to making sure that it's whole grains. We want to make sure that it's a variety of foods, a variety of proteins. It's not just a slab of one. We're really mixing it in for the diversity. That's how I'm garnering women's health on a plate or as a lifestyle right now. >> Am I right? >> Perfect. >> You are. And then on the subsides, we have to have room for like whiskey and dark chocolate and coffee and wine as the, you know, the occasional accents that makes life so fun. That's the thing. Okay. So, we're not we're taking out any extreme and we're going real back to balance and basics Hair.

  Top Comments:
  1. @skw0816 [12 likes]: As a woman over 40, this was incredibly validating. The way @stacysims Dr. Sims explains protein, carbs, and fiber, without extremes, finally makes sense. It’s refreshing to hear nutrition advice designed for women, not adapted from male physiology. Thank you both for this.
  2. @WellWithErika [2 likes]: Love how simply Dr. Sims explains protein, carbs, and fiber, without extremes - and it works i can confirm 🙂
  3. @margarita6700 [2 likes]: good lord I don't want to spend my life counting protein grams and calories. What have we become?
  4. @tee-ex8mo [1 likes]: Cant eat beans creates bloating and abdo discomfort, hard to digest. Avoid beans at all costs however meat and eggs my body thrives.  We're all so different so its best to see what works best for.you through trial.amd error.  Dr Sims thank you for your knowledge.
  5. @Lisa-my5sy: I wish these people spoke in terms of actual foods vs macronutrients 
20% this 30% that is so confusing after a while
  6. @julieyassin36: What if you're not training?
  7. @dltcody: For someone who is 125#, wanting to get to 105# how much various protein do I need? TIA
  8. @Frogman125: If you buy this plant protein nonsense, you deserve all of the issues that come with it.  Plant proteins are contained in fiber, making many of the amino acids (incomplete) unavailable.  If you are eating 3 meals a day and do not understand and embrace intermittent fasting you are driving a 1976 Ford Pinto with an eight track tape deck.  Carnivore actually makes you gut biome more diverse, reference Dr. Anthony Chaffee for context.  This is nonsensical dogma.  No science or scientific explanation behind anything she says, nothing.  Ladies don't buy this women are special nonsense, eat meat, thrive.
  9. @TheoWojcik-e1x: I’m glad I found this video.
  10. @StellaNzei: Nicely explained and easy to understand.
  11. @nikisaunders2634: Bonkers eh that studies are still done on Men !!! More than Women 😢
  12. @ClaireRichardsRN: I wonder what you think about the Longevity Diet. Dr. Longo recommends minimizing the amount of protein needed because excessive protein contributes to cancer. He says maximum of 1.2 mg/kg and otherwise it is excessive.
  13. @paa2696: Utter BS
  14. @Freya-qu9wo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUADs-CK7vI
  15. @Freya-qu9wo: It seems like she ignores the importance of healthy FATS.  She is plant based and I find the people I know like this are the crazy vegans afraid of touching fat and them all getting diabetes.  Everyone watch FAT FICTION!!  It's a docu on youtube by internal medicine and nutrition experts.
  16. @FitnessByWafaa: Women need high quality protein “ complete amino acid protein “ not plant protein!!!!
  17. @my.anew.insight: Such valuable insights, Dr. Stacy!
  18. @Melinda87.: Carnivore here!  Feel great and biome seems fine to me!!
  19. @PascaleetMademoiselle: Thank you for the reminder.
  20. @beaduncan5785: Is collagen protein powder good to use for muscle building and if not, what kind should I look for.  I've been adding Collagen protein peptides into my coffee but I thought I heard somewhere that is not the best kind to use.  I'm also using creatine and recently added colostrum to my daily morning coffee (hot).  I make it the bulletproof method with 1TB unsalted butter and MCT oil, blended.

- My Top High-Protein Foods for Longevity Recommended by Dr. William Li: Kind: captions Language: en today we're going to talk about the best sources of protein to eat for longevity proteins are the building blocks of life they're critical if you want you want to live long and if you want to prosper Thrive because as we age we lose protein and muscle mass now losing muscle mass is actually a setup for becoming frail and less mobile which cuts into your lifespan so you need to actually keep your protein in uh and build it up with exercise and that's the same as being a bodybuilder now think about maintaining strength during aging as bodybuilding over the course of a lifetime so up to the age of 40 you should be eating about 50 to 60 grams of protein per day for the average sized person and between the ages of 40 and 50 that's above the age of 40 you start losing muscle mass an example you might see is think about the older person that you might have seen uh in your life somebody with really really thin arms or really really thin legs their body might actually be looking okay but you can tell they're actually losing muscle mass this is called sarcopenia and it increases the risk of Falls which where you can break a hip or worse and falling is actually the precipitating event for older adults who are living independently or after a fall especially if they break uh their hips they can't manage anymore by themselves they've lost their independence and they need assisted living or a caregiver to be able to get around safely so you don't want to become frail you don't want want actually fall if you're going to live long you want to be able to live as independently as possible and developing that strength keeping up that muscle mass is absolutely critical so adding protein to your diet after the age of 40 somewhere between the 75 to 90 grams of protein a day is kind of where you want to aim at now every person is different which is why it's called personalized nutrition so there's no one hard number that you want to actually stick to and if you're physically active you might even need more protein and as I was saying before you need protein and the use of your muscles exercise in order to be able to actually benefit from that added protein intake so if you want to do this right I suggest Consulting a trained nutritionist and explaining you're trying to optimize your protein goals and this will be useful because they'll help you calculate the right amount of protein that's tailored to you tailored to your body size to your physical activity to your other health conditions you might have and other fact and that's why I'm not giving you a black and white single number that you need to hit because everybody's different when it comes to the amount of protein that they need so what are some of the best sources of protein to help you towards longevity well meat is a good source of protein you know beef pork chicken duck fish shellfish all good sources of protein for example a 3 oz serving of beef has about 20 g of protein a 3 oz serving of of chicken breast has about 25 to 26 gam of protein even a little bit more than beef ground pork has about 22 g of protein per 3 o serving about the same amount as ground turkey well we know that in the end that eating large amounts of red meat not healthy in the long run so we're talking about beef here and Longevity is all about the long game so I encourage you to think about other sources of protein besides red meat as I mentioned Seafood is another source of protein for for example salmon is a good source of protein uh as well as a good source of omega-3 fatty acids which are good for longevity a 3 oz serving of salmon has about 22 grams of protein about the same amount as turkey and cod which is a mild white flesh fish has about 19 gram per 3 o serving and it's actually got a good healthy amount of Omega-3s as well now clinical studies of both salmon and cod show that these types of seafood are good for your metabolism through their Omega-3s they can help you burn harmful body fat which reduces visceral fat the kind of fat in the tube of your body and actually lowers inflammation as well Cod is a flaky white fish it's not considered an oily fish at all it's very mild tasting and even people who don't like fish generally like cod if they actually have it cooked really really well does not have a fishy flavor at all have you ever had Cod well if you've ever enjoyed fish and chips you know that crunchy British snack in a Pub then it's probably made with Cod you probably had it cuz that's what's usually used all right I'm not telling you need fish and chips but because it's fried but Cod is a source of Omega-3s how much omega-3 does a Cod have well it turns out that cod's um the healthy amount of cod to eat is not very large it's only the size of a deck of playing cards so if you want to actually have the same amount of Omega-3s uh that's going to be healthy for your metabolism all you need is have that playing deck uh size card deck size of of cod now how many how much omega-3 is in there 284 milligrams all right so you might say I have no idea what those numbers mean well let's compare it to a a known oily fish that has Omega-3s like salmon okay so so salmon the size of a deck of playing cards has 1,565 Mig of Omega-3 all right um so that's 5 more than what Cod has Cod has only 18% of what salmon has so the question is does cod have enough and the answer is yes Cod has enough Omega-3s in it to give you a health benefit all right so that's a big surprise now the other thing that Omega-3s do is they help you burn body fat and this is how Cod has been studied uh to know so we know that that the smaller amount of Omega-3s actually makes a difference so this this is a study from the University of Iceland where they studied 324 people and gave them either salmon oily salmon with a lot of Omega-3s or Cod not oily and much less five times less Omega-3s to eat three times a week that's not very much um for eight weeks okay and what they did at the very end of the study is they measured uh the amount of weight loss that was there uh and they also measure body fat and here's what they found the salmon eaters not surprised ly lost a good amount of weight they lost about 15 lbs okay after 8 weeks of eating salmon but the Cod eaters also lost weight they lost about 10 lbs in the same amount of time 10 PB weight lost Improvement of metabolism that's not bad so even though Cod has five times less Omega-3s than salmon it has enough to burn body fat and improve your metabolism hey there I've got something important to share with you and that is my guide to the three healthy foods that you might want to avoid if you're looking for longevity many products that are marketed as nutritious can actually undermine your health and if you want to find out more about these sneaky ingredients and how to make better choices then just click on the link below the video for all the details it's very important to know what's really in your food and this resource that I'm giving you gives you a head start get it right now for for free in the description below or you can access the guy by scanning the QR code on the screen with your smartphone now let's jump back into the video now I love to cook cod and there's a lot of super easy ways to do it so here's a practical tip uh from me to you easiest way that I can tell you how to cook cod get it in your Seafood section or a fishmonger all right fishmonger is a is a purveyor that actually only sells seafood all right and you take it home a little piece you don't need very much uh and you can bake or broil it in the oven just preheat the oven to 400° F and while the oven is heating up it's going to take a few minutes all you do is you um coat the cod with some flour and mix in a little bit of dried oregano all right get a pan like a cast iron pan sear it okay add a little bit of extra olive oil and sear it uh on each side about 2 minutes on each side you can add a little garlic if you want to give a little more flavor then put that onto a baking sheet uh squeeze some lemon onto it and then the oven should be hot bake it till it's flaky just takes about 10 minutes on each side and just take a fork and you can just check it and you can see it started to flake apart and you'll be done that is the tastiest way for you to get healthy Omega-3s that can light up your metabolism all right and there are lots of different ways of um using cod in Mediterranean recipes uh and you can actually look up more just by searching cod recipe and hit video on Google and take a look at some YouTube videos of other people that actually know how to cook cod in healthy easy ways so that's meat and that's Seafood but what about plant-based sources of protein because we know that people who eat more plant-based uh foods have better longevity so we're talking about legumes like white beans black beans Pinto beans lentils chickpeas soybeans all these are all plant-based sources of protein as well as good mineral content the other benefit of these types of plant-based proteins these legumes is that they actually make you feel full that's what we call satiety and so if you feel full you're also less likely to overeat in your next meal now over eating actually overloads your metabolism which actually can set you up for metabolic syndrome and type2 diabetes which cuts down on your longevity so beans legumes actually a great way to actually get that source of protein now I enjoy beans in a soup bean soup or stew great way to actually have beans and when you make one pot of beans you're likely to actually have enough as leftover so you're actually saving time cooking as well now another source of plant-based protein are tree nuts you know uh pecans walnuts macadamias past pistachios cashews even pine nuts and seeds are also a good source pumpkin pumpkin seeds sesame seeds sunflower seeds all good sources of protein now for tree nuts or seeds I suggest you just take a handful with you uh as a snack during the day something you bring to the office something you have a bowl to snack on uh throughout the day if you actually want to get some protein in those are good snacks and that's in eating it them actually a great way to actually get some extra protein in and they're a good source of dietary fiber dietary fiber feeds your gut microbiome and when that's a good healthy gut bacteria and when your gut microbiome is fed guess what lowers inflammation and that sets you up to actually have more longevity as well now a team of researchers from Harvard and Tron University actually looked at just how powerful uh plant-based proteins are they looked at 32 clinical studies that involve a total of 715,000 people over periods of time ranging from 3 years to 30 years that's 3 decades and found that those people who ate more protein from Plants even 3% more protein in Plants resulted in a lower risk of premature death by about 5% all right so you lower the risk of death premature death by 5% by just having uh more proteins and another study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association a very credible Journal looked at 416,000 people over 16 years and compared to what they were eating over the time uh over that time uh for their health and found that just shifting 3% of protein from animals to plants shifting just 3% of the protein intake from animals like beef to plants like beans led to a 10% decrease in Death from any cause 10% decrease in Death from any cause and this is true for both men as well as women now the reasons for better longevity by taking in plant protein compared to animal protein is thought to be due to the fact that animal protein has higher levels of methionine and Branch chain amino acids this is found in meat and not in Plants especially in red meat and this is considered to be one of the triggers for chronic diseases now more research needs to be done on this but again having more shift in protein from uh Meats red meats to plant-based Foods actually lowers overall mortality plant-based Foods also have beneficial bioactives like polyphenol that can activate your health defenses like your circulation and your Genesis uh help activate your stem cells which help to regenerate and heal from the inside out activate uh gut health uh these are prebiotics uh these polyphenols and plants um help to protect your DNA which can slow cellular aging help repair DNA and prevent DNA from being damaged from oxidative stress and they can actually activate your immune system so you got better immune protectiveness as well well as slower inflammation so plant-based proteins have actually a lot of other accompanying reasons why they may be beneficial for um uh longevity as well so you get other benefits in addition to the proteins you want more good and less bad choose plant-based proteins so here are my top choices five top choices of plant-based protein sources food number one are beans I mentioned this already white beans black beans fava beans chickpeas lentils great source of protein help you maintain muscle mass also a good source of dietary fiber good for your gut microbiome as I said before and also beans help to reduce blood lipids decrease blood glucose levels all right so all metabolically healthy as well now how much protein is uh are some beans legumes let's talk about this one cup of chickpeas has 14 g of protein and 12 G of dietary fiber the dietary fiber is really really important as well so you're getting twofer protein and dietary fiber you can try uh again making a bean stew uh bean soup chickpeas you can actually do all kinds of things with them just look up a recipe chickpeas recipe and hit video on Google and you'll actually show get shown from people who are really passionate about what they do how to make something really tasty using chickpeas for example and clinical Studies have shown that eating beans can help to lower your blood pressure as well which lowers the risk of heart attack and stroke so again we're talking about longevity we're talking about protein and now we're talking about foods that contain protein but also have other benefits and clinically uh shown connections to longevity as well food number two tofu and soy Foods these are foods made from soybeans tofu is made from soybeans and let's talk about Tofu for example now you can go to the grocery store and very easily in the refrigeration section you can actually find soft tofu versus is firm tofu but that's not all there is there are lots of different types of tofu if you go to an Asian grocery store all right there are these big Mega stores uh with Asian groceries you'll find not only the soft tofu and firm tofu uh but you'll also find tofu skin you'll find different types of fermented tofu you'll find fermented soybeans there's a kind of soybean that's fermented called nat it's a Japanese delicacy it's a pretty potent fermented so being um but it's got the highest level of gentin which is a phytoestrogen that's good for cutting off the blood supply to cancer it's very beneficial for our health defense system so fermented foods as you know is a probiotic food like natto now you get all the other benefits of the protein from the soy Foods as well now edamame which you get you find in the frozen section you can Ste them up it's the same kind of edamame you would get you know if you go to a Japanese restaurant you know at the sushi bar you you actually order some uh steam D Amame add a little bit of sea salt to it that's also a delicious uh way of getting plant-based proteins uh into you as well now an analysis by researchers at sichang University in China looked again at 21 different clinical studies that all showed that eating large amounts of soybean proteins was associated with benefits to lower the risk of cancer in fact a 15% reduction in stomach cancer and other gastrointestinal cancers by eating soy soy beans this gentin is anti-angiogenic that means it cuts off the blood supply to tumors uh beneficial and by the way another soy product is uh soy milk soy milk is the choice that I would actually have put to put to cut in to cut the strength of your coffee if you really wanted some milk in your coffee use soy milk instead of dairy milk and why would you do that is because dairy milk contains dairy fat and those Dairy fats form little soap bubbles that trap the good polyphenols in coffee like chlorogenic acids so when you drink coffee with cream or coffee with milk dairy milk what's actually happening is that those little soap bubbles trap the good polyphenols and they'll tumble down into your stomach most of it won't get absorbed some of it will but most of it tumbles right through to your lower gut and you've missed the opportunity to benefit from most of the polyphenols soy milk and nut-based milks plant-based milks don't have that so soy milk milk oat milk uh nut milk almond milk no problem all right food number three good source of plant-based proteins quinoa quinoa great source of protein it also has the benefit of having all essential amino acids needed for health now protein in your body is built from amino acids and you can't make all the amino acids that that you need in your body there's nine of them you need that are essential meaning you need to get it from your diet and quinoa is the solution it's got the protein it's got all n amino acids one cup of quinoa has 8 gram of protein and the quinoa is also source of dietary fiber good for gut health lowering inflammation all supports longevity food number four lentils lentils are a staple food in Middle Eastern uh Cuisine and in Mediterranean uh Cuisines healthy Mediterranean Cuisines where longevity actually is is really optimized and lentils are great actually they come in different colors uh if haven't seen different colored lentils they come in brown they come in green they come in yellow they come in uh red and black lentils really really dramatic this is a really inexpensive way to get protein you can buy lentils dried in the middle aisle of the grocery store lentil is packed with protein you can make a lentil stew in fact one tablespoon of lentils has one gram of protein and one cup then gives you 18 grams of protein lentils are high in dietary fiber again good for gut health and by the way not only is gut health good gut health lowering inflammation good gut health is good for brain health as well look you want to live long you want to also have a good nogin you want to have Clarity good cognition good memory good executive skills you want to be able to enjoy your life and so this is another reason why you want to actually not only get good protein you want to actually eat foods that protect your gut health uh as well and um lentils also been shown to lower the risk of cardiovascular disease look that's the number one killer in developed countries so if you want to live long you want to avoid having fatal cardiovascular events uh lentils are a good choice to get those proteins and to actually lower the risk of cardiovascular disease now lentils also have polyphenols like procyanidin and flavanols and the reason these are important is that they've got antioxidant property so as we age you know we get oxidative stress that actually contributes to wrinkly skin uh other forms of Aging uh so antioxidant protection protects our DNA and some of these polyphenols and lentils also have neuroprotective properties brain health gut health brain health good protein good muscle lentils are one of my favorites food number five Seafood now Seafood is something that if you live by the ocean you probably grow up eating Seafood all right uh that's if you come from a place uh on the shore so if you live in a place in the country where you actually can't get fresh fish no problem just go to the grocery store go into the freezer section and you can buy frozen fish and frozen fish actually in many ways is just as good as a fresh fish you know why because most of the frozen fish youd get in a grocery store is caught on a boat and it's flash frozen all right whereas even fresh fish is is kept on Ice of course and then it's transported all the way to the fishmonger or the grocery store whereas that the flash frozen fish is packed up and then shipped right over to uh the the grocery store uh already Frozen from the the boat more or less well hello if you're looking to take control of your health and you want to use food as medicine to optimize your health then I invite you to check out my e to be disease course I personally developed all the materials it is fully online and packed with practical science-based strategies and everyday tips that you can start using right away to boost your body's natural defenses that protect your health and fight disease so whether you're wanting to prevent a disease or overcome one or whether you just want to feel your best my e toe disease course has everything you need to make powerful changes in your life learn more about it by clicking the link below how good is seafood for longevity and uh and for protein well we talked about salmon and cod uh as being good sources of protein but shellfish are also good sources of protein muscles clams uh all great oysters good sources of protein squated shrimp also good sources of protein so this has been studied by the way in terms of its health benefits a 16-year study that involved almost a half a million men and women this is a study called the NIH which stands for the National Institute of Health AARP that is the American Association for retired persons diet and health study that's called the NIH a RP diet health study followed people for 16 years and they found that men who ate the most Fish seafood had a 10% reduction of mortality due to cardiovascular disease probably because of the um Omega-3s uh that are found in there but also protein counts as well lowered the risk of heart attack and stroke okay reduction of mortality from heart attack and stroke that's by 10% had a 6% reduction in cancer mortality that's probably due to the Omega-3s as well Omega-3s also cut off the blood supply feeding cancers 20% reduction IM mortality from lung disease now I don't have a mechanism for that um but maybe due to reduction in um inflammation maybe Improvement in uh immune uh defense and it had a 37% reduction in Death from liver disease in those men who actually ate more Seafood more fish now for women Fish Eaters Seafood eaters also had a 10% reduction in cardiovascular mortality same as men but they also had a 38% reduction of mortality from Alzheimer's disease all right that's brain health all right so fish good source of protein great source of omega-3 fatty acids Omega-3s not only cut off the blood supply to cancer lower inflammation help your lipids but they also protect your stem cells these are the stem cells in your body that actually help to heal us from the inside out they regenerate our body you don't feel them they're actually doing their job in visibly helping to repair organs blood vessels very important for longevity all right and seafood can actually contribute to that and some seafood uh some fish have now been discovered to have peptides these are proteins in the flesh proteins within the proteins that actually can help wound healing as well so they actually help our body heal our flesh heal so the key to fish is really how you're going to prepare them Seafood avoid frying your fish all right look I like crispy food as much as anyone else if you ever had fish and chips delicious but frying actually has been shown to increase mortality or decrease longevity all right and the reason is frying Foods especially the the crust you know the batter creates something called acrylamides These are kind of a plastic a chemical in the batter that that Sparks inflammation and the byproducts of frying can create carcinogens these are cancer causing chemicals so listen if you eat you know some fried seafood once in a while uh that's going to be fine you know knock yourself out really enjoy it but if you do it all the time and there are places where people eat fried fish all the time not good for you all right so save it for a rare treat or better yet don't eat fried food as all all right now when I think about protein I think about these uh types of uh foods that we've talked about uh Seafood we talk about lentils we talk about um quino we talked about soy products like tofu and other types of soy Foods uh we talked about beans these are just five examples of of some of my favorite sources of proteins but there's many many many more point is you can get proteins by eating meat all right but a better choice is actually to get plant-based proteins and even if you are an omnivore I'm an omnivore like you know I eat everything but I eat mostly plant-based Foods uh and I eat a not only a modest amount from uh Meats and Seafood and if you if you can switch your protein intake towards plant-based uh foods and within the animal protein or fish protein move from red meat to Seafood because Seafood has got all these other benefits as well but plant-based Foods by far not only have great sources of protein but they've got dietary fiber you're not going to find this in seafood and you're not going to find it in meat that dietary fiber does something really important when it comes to longevity and that is that it actually is good for gut health which lowers inflammation it's good for brain health helps your body streamline lipid metabolism which lowers your cholesterol which lowers your risk for cardiovascular disease as I mentioned your clinical studies that show all of these things make a difference when it comes to real longevity so the key all right I'm somebody who actually enjoys I enjoy my food I look forward to eating and so the thing to do is actually to find plants with good sources of protein and fiber and these polyphenols that tastes great um and if you go to the produce section your grocery store you're sure to find something seasonal and fresh all right if you go to a farmers's market you're going to find uh that as well beans you know in the summertime there's all these different kindes of beans you can do all kinds of cook all kinds of food with beans and by the way there are um uh uh ways that you can look for recipes so if you see a plant Source protein that you don't know what to do with all right I don't know what to do with quinoa I'm not really sure what to do with lentils again go to Google hit the food name like lentils hit uh recipe and then hit video and look at all the all all the search results pick one of somebody who's really passionate about cooking that can teach you how to make something delicious using that ingredient like lentils that you might not have known and again I like I like beans and lentils because not only do they help me feel full so I'm less likely to overeat the next day which is very important for longevity overall but it saves me time because if I'm making a batch of beans all right or lentils for example I'll have enough for the next day that saves me cooking time the next day so uh and also is very inexpensive so not expensive way to actually good get protein remember if you're over the age of 40 you want to start paying attention to the fact that you're losing muscle mass every single day you can't help it so you want to do is you want to actually keep up with your protein add more to your protein and stay Physically Active that's important to eat proteins especially plant-based proteins and stay Physically Active exercise you know exercise is great but if you don't you don't need to join a gym you just need to stay active as active as you possibly can all right I hope you learned something uh from watching this episode thanks for watching and I'll see you again Dr Lee out hey if you like that video then you're going to love this one check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Hope-e9f3r [2 likes]: Thank you, Dr Li, for educating us.  KNOWLEDGE is POWER  💪
  2. @emocuta [1 likes]: Thank God for Dr. Li 🙏🏼🤍
  3. @Dorothy-i9d [1 likes]: Hi Dr William Li people who have breast cancer are you allow to have soy edamame tofu is that true thanks
  4. @LeanneWashington-jq5df: I absolutely love your content. I’ve been seeing a lot of AI of you out there and I don’t like that. I’m sure you don’t either.
  5. @ArsinoesBestFriend: Just so you know, the Subscribe button next to where you put your enail address is not accepting commands. You can click it many times & doesn't work.
  6. @mariarischner1164: i love blackened Cod and you dont need the Louisiana spices use what you like
  7. @Krayon17: Beware of soy products if you have tumors or breast cancer. According to my friend’s doctor she had to stay away from soy products because she was in remission from breast cancer. Soy encourages tumor growth.
  8. @WalterS-h5q: Meat is not a problem you can just add some bone broth (collagen) and it will reduce the "problem" with more methionine. So why not just say that? the protein in plants don't have a comple amino acid profile, taurine, D3, carnitine, retinol, creatine  and the body can take it up better. I see the antinutrients, toxins too much omega 6 and especially carbs in plants as a bigger problem
  9. @laurentiltonpca: Tell me about soy and estrogen receptor cancers, please.
  10. @juliantreidiii: That's great! How about you cure food allergies so that I can eat red meat at all? My father died of colon cancer at the age of 20. Definitely can't have soy knocks my thyroid out for a week. Moringa and duckwheed on the other hand are included in my diet. I eat chicken, fish, turkey, frog, raw nuts (mostly walnuts and pecans) , lentils, and beans with regular hummus consumption and avocado with olive oil all over everything.
  11. @laurajackson6860: This is wonderfully comprehensive and helpful.  Thank you!! ♥
  12. @danselman4099: Beans will spike your glucose levels and keep them high. Loaded with lectins which will kill your gut. You can ferment beans which help in both areas but very limited amounts. Many of his other plant based proteins are also lectin loaded so be careful and do your research.
  13. @larrymans4: TOU REPEATE WHAY TOO MUCH, get to the point and just list the foods and their content.
  14. @OlufemeTestman: I can’t click on the link. Help.😢
  15. @carefulconsumer8682: Excellent! Thank you.
  16. @maryclebeau: Dr. Li,  I get grossed out by the parasites that move in the salmon! 😮
  17. @gracegreen1181: So grateful to you, Doctor Li 🙏 . I have learned a lot by watching your videos many times, especially about Sarcopenia.  It was indeed great awakening for me as I was suffering from muscles pain and soreness for sometime.
  18. @beelianlim6560: Dr Li, I enjoyed watching your podcasts.  Lately I noticed many other Podcasts “THRIVE TODAY”, NATURAL DEFENSE” “FOOD FOR HEALTH” etc figuring your photo and using an AI likeness of you speaking.  Are these legit your podcasts and the telecast information is your opinions ?
  19. @BlessNPeace: Dr. Li, Please summarize at the outset of your videos, then do the full presentation with another summary at the end. In other words, Proteins by name - Discussion - Proteins by name. This recommended format aids focus and memory.
  20. @greendeane1: No, no, no, Most research damning red meat was designed by fanatics and include processed products as "red meat" such as bacon, hot dogs even pizza. Ornish, Greger, and Harvard lead the vegetarian propaganda parade damning "red meat."  Avoiding meat is a modern middle-class affectation as are "smoothies" which cuts out the effects of chewing (and combining foods from great distances to make up deficits is not environmentally friendly.) Plant protein are inferior to meat protein. There were nor are there any native populations that do not (or) did not meat.

- Tired, Stressed, or Foggy? These 5 Women’s Supplements Are Proven To Help: Kind: captions Language: en supplements. Let's talk a little bit about supplements. I get asked all the time what I use. I can't really tell people what to use in whatever country they're in because there are different regulations. What I can say is you want to look for something that you trust and it's really clean. And I say that standing here with lots of products by one company in front of me, Momentous. I really like their products, not necessarily because they are third party tested. They're really clean and I really appreciate the ethos that goes into making them, but I partner with them and I agree with them because of their advocacy behind the scenes. We got in front of Congress to talk about women's health and how there has been different policy changes for collegiic athletes in their health. So, yes, I'm going to show Momentous because I love the people behind the company. I love the advocacy behind the company and they're really good, clean products. The ones that I use the most from them is their protein powder. Either their plant-based or their unflavored whey. This is their 100% plant protein. Really mixable. It's great. I love their creatine. So I always talk about creatine and looking for Crea Pure. So we look at creatine and why we want to use it. So creatine is a natural thing that occurs in the body. So we go through creatine whenever we have fast energetics. So you think about the first 0 to 20 seconds of any kind of energy system within the body, brain, heart, muscle, gut. And we see that creatine monohydrate is so important for health, especially brain health. And we hear about it from a bodybuilding background where we have to use 5 g twice a day with carbohydrate to really boost the amount of creatine that's in the muscle. But that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about 3 to five grams daily. You can take a teaspoon and stir in your coffee because it's just a very easy powder that's really mixable. Doesn't taste like anything. Takes about three weeks to fully saturate. But we see from RCTs or randomized control trials for women that using creatine can help bring women out of an anxiety or a depressive state much faster than just using something like a serotonin reuptake inhibitor. We can look at Crea Vitalis website, creatine for health website. They're both one and the same. And it has a list of all the most recent publications on creatine for the health aspects, not just muscle performance. Collagen, I can't use collagen, but I wanted to bring it up. My husband uses it for joints and other structural aspects, but as a plant-based individual, I don't use collagen. There is a confusion between collagen protein and something like a normal protein powder. Collagen protein is not what we think of when we're using post exercise protein because it's a structural protein. It does not go into the quantification of your dietary protein. So if we're looking at collagen, there's two kinds. We have a native collagen and a peptide. A native collagen when ingested has an interaction with your immune system to reduce the inflammation and the signaling to degrade your cartilage. We see peptides are small bits of that whole collagen that are actually digested and those small bits of peptides go to the target tissue and are used to regenerate some of the cartilage but also to trigger a response to stop degrading the cartilage. So, it's a structural protein. If you want good hair, you want good skin, you want good nails, you want good joints, you're going for collagen. If you want muscle, muscle protein synthesis, nerve, bone, all of the things for dietary protein, you go for a protein supplement that is plant-based or whey isolate. The other must-haves really is an omega-3. It's really important for women who are super active. If we look at a cellular aspect of increasing our oxidative and antioxidative status, omega-3s are really essential for brain health, cellular health, and so it's one of my go-tos for sure. And then we get to adaptogens. These are two that I use on the regular. I use rodeiola and ashagandha. So I'll take a step back and tell you what an adaptogen is. An adaptogen is a plant compound that has an effect in the body that we don't normally see with a pharmaceutical. The best way I can explain it is if we look at seaweed and we see seaweed changes different colors. When it is in a dark cold part of the ocean, it has a higher protein content and it in itself is dark. When that same plant comes up closer to the surface in the summer months, it becomes lighter in color and has a reduced protein composition. The reason for that is it's adapting to the environment. So a plant in itself can adapt to different situations to different stressors. So there are certain plants that grow in really environmentally challenging conditions. So we can look at MKA, we can look at ashagandha, we can look at rodeiola. They adapt to the harsh environment that it's in. And because it can adapt, that same compound has a response to our human stress system. So if we look at something like rodeiola, it has multi-factoral effect on the body. We can see that it modulates estrogen for perry and post-menopausal women. So that means it either increases the sensitivity of your receptors or it decreases the sensitivity based on what your own individual body needs. It also has an effect on cortisol. It modulates your cortisol receptors as well. So, it helps with that tired but wired feeling by dropping cortisol's effect on the body so that you can get into more of a parasympathetic state. When I'm traveling with jet lag, I use it to help me get into a parasympathetic state for sleeping so that it can help my body reset its circadian rhythm and get me out of a jet lag state. With ashagandha, it's an overall stress reducer because it has a direct effect on cortisol cortisol responses, but it also has an effect on thyroid. So, it does have a contraindication for individuals who are using any kind of thyroid medication because again its adaptogenic response is it understands how stressed your body is from a metabolic as well as an autonomic nervous system. So, it can adjust your thyroid hormone sensitivity, but it also affects cortisol and how your body responds to cortisol. So, it's another one if you're going into a highly stressed situation or you're living a highly stressed life, it helps modulate that stress to reduce that overarching tired but wired feeling. So, that would be the cadre of supplements that I use on the regular. And when we're looking at all of our individual basis of when do we use supplements, they are actually that a supplement. We want to look at real food first, but sometimes there are holes in our diet where we need to fill and that's where some supplementation can come into play. Or it might be that we don't want to go onto a true westernized pharmaceutical so that we look to use adaptogens to help modulate some of the effects that a pharmaceutical would. But again, it's an individual journey. It's an individual basis. I'm just sharing with what I use and working with companies that I trust. So, thanks for watching and I know you're going to have a multitude of questions about supplements. So, if you drop a comment and have a question about a supplement, we'll try to get to it as fast as we can and give you some insight of where to go to find more information about clean supplements and what ones actually work for women because again, there's not a lot of research out there that shows there's efficacy for everything for women. So, again, thanks for watching and drop a comment here and there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chloestephens5031 [1 likes]: Hi. Have you any idea how I've can take creatine. with or with out food. I had blood work done and I'm in the middle of the chart.... thankyou.
  2. @shaunzhai3282 [1 likes]: 1 protein powder (whey isolate or plant based and or)
2 creatine monohydrate
3 collagen (something tested or shown for skin, hair and nail benefits and joints
4 ashwagonda (not a lot of study done on this not recommended for everyone)
5 omega 3s (can be sourced in food but can supplement if needed) don’t need just her brand of all of these it is just the brand she likes and gets paid by.
  3. @BeautyB-dx7ct: Are the capsules of essential amino acids a good alternative to whey protein and plant based protein powders? I struggle with these powders due to my IBS. if not what would you recommend as an alternative to these protein powders?
  4. @fferpadill: Loveeeee how you explain with clear details and understandable language ❤ thank you!!!!
  5. @zacadomike8093: Slightly off-topic:
Glycine is the smallest and most abundant amino; just one molecule distinguishes Glycine from Glyphosate. Fabrication of all proteins can insert glyphosate in place of glycine, which produces mutations. 
The useless mutations may be hidden away in fat deposits, or otherwise poison & disrupt health.
  6. @danielafriedman2474: hi! love your content, I follow your work. Can you advise in which times of the day is best to take each morning vs night, post or pre workout?
  7. @elaineentwistle9583: When to use the supplemwnts
  8. @Luckyone1111: 7:38 do you notice where it comes to woman? They just stick them all chemical antidepressants et cetera but the men on YouTube are going all out talking about adapters et cetera thank you so much for speaking out for women. There needs to be more of us.
  9. @maryjoduprey265: collagen does nothing.  I took it for 5 years and still ended up with arthritis in the hip.  There are NO studies that support collagen for the joints.  It DOES NOT reduce cartilage loss.  Nope.  And there are no studies that show it supports hair, nails, skin...myth
  10. @SG-ce7ji: ❤❤❤❤❤
  11. @t.michaelstudios6859: Trying to find information about best B12 supplements for Vegans and which kind to take … 
Can’t find much on this subject from you … thanks!
  12. @thehaveners1229: I LOVE that you are plant based but that you talk about both options. BUT I AM VERY CURIOUS, is there a specific reason for being plant based? I know this extremely individual so what works for one may not for another but I’ve been back and fourth on do I feel better, inflammation wise being more plant based or do I feel better with some animal products still involved. I fully believe I’m in perimenopause so my body can feel all over the place. But currently in this stage, I’ve lost so much of my appetite so I’ve struggled to get a lot of volume with veggies in my diet. Used to be able to eat TONS of them, now I struggle to eat a medium sized salad. Because my protein has suffered trying to stay plant based, I began eating a lot of fish (I’m big on quality so wild caught) but pasture raised eggs as well(store bought often make me nauseous but farm fresh don’t 🤔) really weird. But yes once I start adding in turkey and chicken and I’m more animal protein forward, I start to feel more inflamed 🤦🏻‍♀️ so I’m in this really weird place. I also have struggled with horrible brain fog so I feel like my brain is stuck trying figure out a balance. Sounds silly but just my experience lol so any thoughts from ANYONE is welcome. Lol
  13. @doloressargeant8778: Paul Saladino  I was watching before this said DO NOT DRINK WITH COFFE. OMG I HATE THIS. He said it equalizes the health benifits he quoited a study from the 90's and 2020's. He said wait six hours and no sport drings with or before Creatin.
  14. @amberdoran: Can we discuss time of day for supplements? I have heard that ashwaganda should not be taken in the morning because we want cortisol high in the morning. Also empty stomach vs with food. It gets really complicated. Take this first thing on an empty stomach, but also eat breakfast first thing.
  15. @InnerSunAyurveda: I love that two of her favorites are herbals. Rhodiola is truly amazing when it comes to clean energy and supporting the thyroid.
  16. @cathywilliams1901: Is creatine safe, or effective, for teenage girls (16+)?
  17. @AuraPostcards: Thank you for your channel.
  18. @theonlyheather: Why would anyone trust a medical professional who profits off a product they recommend.
  19. @michellegess690: Would like to learn more about
  20. @Mr.NutritionFits: Very well defined maam❤

- ANTI-AGING Supplements EVERYONE Should Take - Dr. Anthony Youn: Kind: captions Language: en doctors health coaches and influencers are telling you that this supplement will reduce your wrinkles this supplement will brighten your skin but what is the truth i've got the answers over the next three minutes [Music] wanda is a 42 year old woman who's noticing that her skin just doesn't look as youthful or healthy as it used to be now she's talked to her family doctor about maybe taking some supplements but he's told her that these are a waste of time and money so what should she do well the truth is that there are a multitude of studies that show that taking nutritional supplements can have profound impacts on the health and the appearance of your skin and here are five of the supplements that i recommend everybody take the first is a multivitamin containing the vitamins a c d and zinc not only are some of these antioxidants that are great at defending the body against free radicals but vitamin c is also essential in the production of collagen which is a building block of the skin number two is a supplement that contains a plethora of antioxidants like resveratrol and curcumin not only do these antioxidants like vitamin c fight free radicals but studies are also showing that they are on the cutting edge in anti-aging medicine and they can help you live longer and healthier lives the third is an omega-3 fatty acid supplement like fish oil or vegan-based omega-3 fatty acids there are many studies that show that these types of fatty acids the omega-3s in particular are anti-inflammatory and they can actually help to reduce inflammatory skin disorders and soothe and moisturize your skin from the inside out next is a probiotic now these are beneficial bacteria for the gut and there is a big connection between the health of your gut and the health of your skin now i recommend taking a probiotic with at least 5 billion colony-forming units or more for maximal impact finally i recommend that all non-vegans take a hydrolyzed collagen supplement now juana's doctor told her that collagen supplements don't work that they're basically digested in the stomach and why bother taking them well there was a recent meta-analysis that was published in 2020 that looked at 19 different studies with over 1200 participants and they found that taking a hydrolyzed collagen supplement can have big impacts on wrinkles on skin elasticity and skin hydration so wanda's doctor was wrong collagen supplements do work now after taking these supplements every day wanda has found that her skin looks healthier and more youthful than it has in years and not only that but her joints ache less and she feels healthier and more energetic than ever before you can find all these supplements at your local health food store but if you'd like to get them from me i do have my own line of nutritional supplements called yoon health you can purchase them separately or buy them in a bundle called the yoon health complete skin supplement system and get nearly twenty dollars off of the entire package check it out at yoon beauty.com and if you use the coupon code 20 off you can get 20 off your first order of 99 or more well we talked in this video about how supplements can make you look younger but what about the food that you eat check out this video where i give five simple dietary tips to help you get youthful and glowing skin if you've been enjoying my videos please subscribe to my channel and always remember eat real food use clean skin care and only consider actual plastic surgery as a last resort

  Top Comments:
  1. @DoctorYoun [50 likes]: If you enjoyed this video, here are 5 food tips to look young forever! https://youtu.be/hfKFWdxFwk0
  2. @petalo3275 [1 likes]: I am 52 and people think I am 36. I take all these vitamins. In addition to these supplements, I apply ice on my face for 5 minutes every morning. My face feels like it was stretched instantly. I literally have no wrinkles.  It's also genetic I guess, my father is 94 and my uncles are 104, 100, 101, and they have good skin for their age.
  3. @doylelewis944: This video made me realize how much my routine has changed over time. I used to switch products constantly, but after using #WhiteOnCream, I stayed consistent and saw permanent skin whitening that didn’t reverse. My skin now looks smoother and clearer with that glass-like finish.
  4. @merleondiser3227: Dr. Youn, your supplement recommendations (especially the hydrolyzed collagen and omega-3s) have transformed my skin from the inside out! To complement the internal healing, I started using #WhiteOnCream topically. Because it also focuses on healing the skin barrier, it gave me a stunning permanent skin whitening effect. My dark circles vanished, and I’m rocking that youthful Korean glass skin. Thank you for always educating us!
  5. @davidbest8912: Drink plenty of water 👍
  6. @the_shhastra: Dr please early beard white give solution 🙏
  7. @BKDDY: Just get a peel. Cheaper compared to buying all these supps every month.
  8. @KoDaring: antiaging and cures. Will AI help?!
  9. @mabelselvamani8526: I love taking collagen but my gynae advised me to stop as at 57 I had polyps and she says it could be caused by the collagen.
  10. @Yaa5434: Hi Doc
Thank you for this information 

Please are we to take all these supplements in a day❓❓

Thank You 🙏
  11. @vanysetyo-violinistpianist2992: Can u talk about PCL filler. Does it really induce collagen?
  12. @SarafromtheCity: Dr I don't want to go bald by only taking zinc, I saw from another video that taking one vitamin can be dangerous because it takes away from other vitamins. I stopped taking only zinc
  13. @tracesprite6078: I believe in having shorter, cooler showers because hot water can dry out my skin. Then I pat my skin dry with a soft towel and apply a light moisturiser. Exercise and meditation can be helpful.
  14. @beautiinstinct8274: Hi Dr Youn, am from Singapore, 
I tried to order but apparently it only delivers to Canada and US
  15. @lynnandersontexas: Titanium oxide is poison!!!
  16. @kenscales4992: I can no longer trust Vital Proteins because they were bought by Nestle.
  17. @Christom-t9b: The best natural ingredients for face fairness.
  18. @beautiful20106: It contains lead
  19. @problemarisolto1: Un'analisi davvero esaustiva e super utile! È incredibile come l'approfondimento su temi come questo possa risolvere dubbi e problemi che molti affrontano quotidianamente. Il tuo approccio scientifico e pratico è un vero valore aggiunto per chi cerca risposte concrete. Grazie per la chiarezza e per aver condiviso queste preziose informazioni!
  20. @patriciaburch3847: D3 with k2 M7

- What To Eat To Look Younger Over 50 (The SECRET Anti Aging Diet): Kind: captions Language: en we've all heard the saying you are what you eat but if you want glowing youthful skin if you're tired of being confused about which diet actually helps your skin to stay young today I'm uncovering the truth science backed no fluff today I'm excited to share what I've learned over the years about a question I get asked all of the time how does my diet affect my skin do vegans have it right or is the Mediterranean diet the key to that radiant youthful glow or perhaps a high protein low carb diet diet is the way to go if you've been overwhelmed by all the advice out there this video is most definitely for you by the end you'll know exactly what you need no matter what diet tribe you subscribe to I'm going to give you all you need to know so you can give your skin the best possible care through food because let's be real after the age of 50 we all want to look and feel our best without chasing every single Trend and shake and supplement so the truth is Diet does play huge role in anti-aging but the problem is as we get older our skin changes the advice changes so what do we do so if you've ever noticed how your skin feels thinner drier and less elastic as the years go by you're not imagining things our skin does change with age collagen the protein that keeps your skin smooth and firm naturally starts to break down in your 20s by 1% year on year now this process speeds up as we get get older and hit our 50s and Beyond it is declining rapidly but don't worry there is some good news so let's have a look at what's happening the collagen in your Skin's deeper layer called the dermis starts to break down that's what's causing the wrinkles sagging crepy skin all of that good stuff and let's face it the dreaded crepy skin is something we could all do without but here's the game Cher you can slow that process down and even in some cases reverse it now let me let you in on a little secret most people don't know your diet can be a powerful tool to help rebuild collagen yes keeping your skin looking younger for longer and this isn't about quick fixes or fat diets it's about feeding your skin what it actually needs we need to build collagen through diet so what should you be eating to boost collagen and fighting aging collagen is a protein and to make it your body needs building blocks specifically amino acids such as Proline Glycine and lysine where do these come from though well they come from protein and here's something you might not know animal-based proteins such as eggs chicken and fish are your best sources of these amino acids now of course if you're a vegan or a vegetarian you don't need to worry you can still get what you need by combining plant based proteins like brown rice and peas to make sure you're getting the full range of amino acids it's all about balance but that's not the only thing you're going to need of course you're going to need your essential vitamins something like C you're going to need zinc and you're going to need copper these are essential for collagen production so do not skip out on those veggies those fruits things like berries citrus fruits leafy greens they're your Skin's best friends now here's the million dooll question is enough to hold back the hands of time and rebuild collagen well not quite let's talk about how you can really turbocharge the effects of your diet well you're going to need things like topicals treatments like retinol vitamin C serums and growth factors these are incredible and essential for holding back the hands of time and really seriously fighting the aging process these products stimulate collagen production from the outside in and of course our diet is working from the inside out so they work in tandem think of it like this your skin is like a garden you need to water it that's your diet but you also need to fertilize it and that would be your skin care topicals retinols vitamin C's to get the best results and let's not forget about sun protection that's a non-negotiable girls UV rays break down collagen faster than your body can rebuild it so wear your sunscreen daily there's no exceptions so the final takeaway is your skin needs more than just products skin care to stay young it really does need the right fuel from your diet too so make the right choices prioritize protein as you get older the essential vitamins for collagen production and remember your sunscreen every single day once you get into this routine you're going to see significant improvements for the better now I've chosen this video for you to watch next it's packed with value for you and I do hope you enjoyed today's video if you did perhaps you'll share it with your friends and don't forget to subscribe I bring videos every single week to help you look good and feel fabulous until the next time bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @SallyAtkins [10 likes]: Please remember when commenting, this is a supportive, encouraging and respectful space.
  2. @Mesem-tp7nx [3 likes]: Greetings Sally Thank you immensely for your enlightenments 💚🥰🌼 I can't wait to try the Amino Acid Supplements because I find it difficult to consume enough protein naturally+these Supplements of Amino Acids are a good price not overly expensive which is most helpful for someone like me+I'm sure numerous others too🥰 God bless you -Your looks extra lovely healthy gorgeous+suits you even more how it is, longer -Tremendously flattering, youthful+so pretty 💚🥰🌼
  3. @trudykennedy1107 [2 likes]: Hi Sally, I’m enjoying watching your videos. I would like to share that plant protein is a cleaner burning protein, far superior to animal protein. And also HIIT training kick starts your human growth hormone again as our body stops making it as we age.. another good thing to look at to slow the aging process.  God bless and have an amazing day. And by the way you look amazing and beautiful, don’t listen to the viewers who say otherwise.. 😘
  4. @deborah972 [1 likes]: Hello sally l really enjoy your videos , so gorgeous as always , thank you for this video ❤🎉😊 xx
  5. @blackstone3819 [1 likes]: That"s right.
  6. @rangar6749: Hello Sally! 👋☺
This Kind Of Information Helps A Lot, Well Done!👌😊
You Have 55 Years Old But You Look Like 45. 💎
By The Way, You Are Very Pretty & I Like Your Hands. 🙌
  7. @ShantinaD: Sally, I’m a pescatarian and I need good facial skin care products for my skin tone. What do you suggest?
  8. @BethAMcHugh: Thank you so much Sally.  ✨️🌺✨️.  May I ask, have these Amino Acids ever caused you any nausea or insomnia?  💐
  9. @purpleygirl100: Thank you Sally for such a helpful and informative video.  Anybody who has the condition sarcoidosis should be very cautious about taking vitamin D supplements as it can cause additional health problems. It is important  that they seek advice from their specialist first.
  10. @me999-n9k: The right mindset is also essential to staying young. An active mind, an active brain, hungry to learn new things is part of rejuvenation. Wonderful video, thank you very much.

- 10 High-Protein Foods Make Fat Loss Easy: Grocery List for Metabolic Health: Kind: captions Language: en hey friend welcome back so let's talk about some dietary Staples for a high protein low carb Whole Food household these are some things that we consume all the time we don't have junk food processed food in the house we can make amazing meals that are flavorful with variety from all of these staple foods so pretty much every time we go to the store in our household this is what we're buying now we do buy uh once a year a grass-fed cow and so a lot of our meat comes directly from a Rancher who has grass-fed cattle this brings the price down for grass-fed beef to about 3.95 a pound which is just unbelievably affordable so we have a freezer so we're always thay out grass-fed beef uh my daughter loves grass-fed lamb unfortunately we don't have access to lamb where we live so we have to pay full retail for this it's a little pricey but what we like to do is use the lamb fat to cook some of the other Staples in our household including the mushrooms I'm a huge fan of mushrooms uh there's many health benefits to mushrooms anti-cancer properties immune supportive Health properties maybe even some Prebiotic properties you can put these in the sun to increase vitamin D2 so many health benefits to mushrooms we'll share other cooking tutorials about how to properly cook mushrooms but the nice thing is when you're cooking with whole real food is you can utilize the so-called waste or byproducts from the cooking process say from the beef or the lamb and make the other Foods more palatable so getting back to the Staples you know what do we do for say breakfast well I will sauté some carrots in Lamb fat for about 5 10 15 minutes and add in some eggs so this is a great breakfast option for my daughter before she goes off to school we Bike to School daily so we're doing physical activity first thing in the morning so that's why I like to get these carrots the rainbow carrots you're getting a little bit of the orange flavor the purple polyphenolic compound uh the rainbow carrots we grow these as well but they're not in season right now so we don't have any from the garden but carrots are a staple now another thing that is a staple now some people may not fully appreciate this uh these almond flour tortillas great for kids and another thing you can do with these tortillas is cut them up and emulate what a potato chip might look like a chip cook them in Lamb fat or ghee or butter and you can make your own chips at home and so this is like a weekend thing a Friday night hey let's have some fun let's make some chips let's make some guacamole you know that's some some of the things that we do now before we go on and talk about guacamole I just want to say thank you for being here thanks for watching this video if you're getting value from these food specific videos please share this with a friend who may benefit from this hit that like button also support our sister company myoscience we have the novel creatine containing electrolyte sticks good for kids good for families good if you fast if you're going to the gym and exercise uh this has redond roll salt as well as 2.6 grams of creatine with magnesium and potassium so a whole food supplement to your exercise program and healthy hydration you can use a code podcast at myoscience decom so going back to guacamole this is a staple in our household it tastes phenomenal it makes everything else taste better it's a nice snack healthy whole fat you get a lot of potassium speaking of electrolytes in an avocado uh avocados aren't in season all the time as we approach winter they're significantly more expensive so there is some seasonal variability in how much guacamole and avocados we eat but when I buy avocados I like to buy these three things alongside so we have some cilantro which we also grow in the backyard we have garlic and we have a lime so it's very simple to make the best guacamole as Sean Stevenson talks about in the eatsmarter family cookbook you add in a little spirina in that and you have an amazing guacamole now I also add the pluck seasoning into this there's all sorts of different options this is a bovine glandular extract so you get heart liver kidney spleen and it also tastes phenomenal so I will put a little bit of that and so we're getting some uh micronutrients from Whole Food into the guacamole so basically what I do is I'll take about we can do a full video on this but I'll take about this much cilantro put the rest in a jar put it in the fridge mince this up chop up my avocados two to three avocados take one garlic clove and then half a lime squeeze that together mix it up tastes phenomenal it's a great way to just kick off some nice color into add it into your meal some variety you can even instead of having traditional potato chips take the carrots slice them down the middle chop them up finely and use that in Li of a potato chip so that you're encouraging your family to eat less junk and more whole real foods now let's go on with more of the Staples so what about carbs you might be wondering well we don't eat a lot of carbs we have some frozen blueberries we have five blueberry bushes in the backyard that produce about 10 to 20 pounds of blueberries per year we freeze those and then we'll make different blueberry dishes a yogurt that is just phenomenal that I'll share with you in another video but for our carb sources we'll do some sprouted and soaked rice and I like these purple potatoes but it's important to acknowledge that potatoes have anti-nutrients known as oxalates in the skin so what I encourage you to do you can check out Bill Schindler's book eat like a human peel the potato before you cook it that it literally this 5 minute preparatory step helps improve the digestibility of the potatoes I remember when I was eating a lot of potatoes when I got into bodybuilding and and reading bodybuilding magazines I would see the potato skin in my in my stool and I was like that's really weird it scared me at first is this like a a a you know cancer or are are these like dead colonocytes in my stool and I realize it's the potato skin we don't just digest potato skins very well so remember to peel uh the skin off the potatoes before you cook with them these are so cheap my friends you can buy a bag of potatoes for like a few dollars we also get turnips parsnips other tubers butternut squash acorn squash and before you cook with it I just peel off um the skin throw it in the crock pot mince it up throw in some garlic onions some pluck spices and you're good to go okay so other Staples in addition to everything we talked about I'm a huge fan of Olives uh olives first of all they taste good now if you I remember I didn't used to like olives I will tell you but then I started to research all of the benefits of olive oil and hydroxy tasol and oil Lupin and all these uh compounds in olive oil and I thought well why would I pay 30 bucks for a jar of olive oil and why wouldn't I just buy the dang olives and so we've been buying these olives I like to drain the liquid out beforehand it is stored in plastic we know that you know plastic can off gas microplastics and so forth into liquids so drain the liquids so these are a nice snack so instead of having Cheez itss and cookies and all this stuff while you're cooking your food put some olives out make some guacamole cut up some carrots and you can kind of have the family snack on some things while you're getting the meals ready and so that's another thing we do uh I went to South Korea a couple times to give some lectures for the South Korean functional medicine society and I noticed before and during every meal in South Korea and other Asian countries I've been to Indonesia as well as China uh kimchi and fermented foods are part of the culture and I realized that the prevalence of obesity and metabolic disease is much lower in these Asian cultures and I have to believe that there are some benefits therein with the association of consuming fermented foods and a reduction in metabolic health issues and body composition issues so I'm a huge fan of eating kimchi all the time so I've gotten my daughter to enjoy this she likes it we mix it in with the ground beef with the lamb it's a it's a condiment it's not a you know the main entree uh but I'm a huge fan of having fermented foods speaking of which we have yogurt now this yogurt does come from pasteurized milk I know that's kind of problematic ideally I haven't gotten into this yet I do a lot of fermenting I haven't gone down the making my own yogurt uh but I plan to do so so this is a brand of yogurt we buy it's I just recommend buying yogurt in a glass jar from a local supplier uh if you if you live in Wisconsin or Nebraska or the Midwest or Northeast I'm sure you can find a local supplier of yogurt so we have yogurt all the time in another video I'll share with you the amazing uh ice cream substitute using frozen blueberries yogurt and whey protein so we're always buying yogurt and this is actually not yogurt this is raw milk so we buy raw milk from a local farmer we put it in these different glass jars and we're because the season of milk is coming to a Nader uh this is all that's left for this week we get it on Tuesday we get two gallons and by the end of the week uh we barely have any left which is really quite sad um but raw milk is another staple um I like to have that post-workout I I swear since stopping fasting and increasing my raw milk post-workout I've put on about 10 pounds of muscle feel just so much better so much stronger my daughter loves it so raw milk uh is definitely part of the mix uh as well as butter I used to be I admit I used to make a ton of ghee I don't make it as much anymore I don't have a problem with dairy I want to get back into making my own ghee very easy to do we did a video tutorial with sholon bot on how to make your ghee at home super easy but now I just buy this I like this uh truly brand you know there's all sorts of butter options now which is great vital Foods has one as well as Cary gold um another staple that we get is onions now I know some of you carnivore low FODMAP people might be like oh my gosh this guy's promoting onions what is wrong with him doesn't he know about this well I like to saut the onions for the flavor and then mix them in after they're sauteed in butter and salt and garlic into other dishes so we're using onions quite a bit also we have a Harvest Right freeze dryer so we can make onion chips all the time they taste phenomenal so you slice the onions thinly add some spices to them put them in the freeze dryer you will never have a potato chip again after having that uh last but certainly not least you know we use a lot of honey in this house and so I just go with a local uh honey supplier uh I'm sure in your area you can find a local beekeeper that is providing good honey as a sweetener you know this is a hament not something that you chug you might want to have it post-workout a little bit you might want to do it in Li of sugar in some sort of dessert recipe that you might be making but it might sound kind of boring the only thing that that's really missing here is our rice I like to soak and Sprout rice and then cook it in the slow cooker or pressure cooker and that's another carbohydrate staple again we prioritize protein and fermented foods and some of the polyphenols you know in the avocado cilantro purple carrots and purple potatoes and then we'll have carbohydrates baked and on top of that based upon our activity level you know doing a lot of yard work a lot of hiking in the summer a lot of skiing in the winter we'll have more carbs uh if we're not doing all that we'll just have mostly protein some veg some cilantro some olives some ferments and that's pretty much it so you know you can have a lot of diversity and changes in the in the taste profile in the texture uh with these different Staples but pretty much every night we're having something with protein mushrooms avocado cilantro and ferments that's a staple so um this is what I would suggest you know go into the store I have a quick uh food guide if you want to download that and opt into the high-intensity health subscriber email list I will uh give you access to that in the description below but when you go to the store try to buy more of these whole R foods and less of the processed chips crackers cookies and treats because if those are around you're going to consume those first they are designed by food scientists to be hyper palatable and you're going to eat them they're low in protein the whole protein leverage hypothesis low protein diets low protein foods cause you to overc consume them so when you prioritize protein uh I guess I didn't mention the eggs we have backyard chickens we're getting four to six eggs a day so friends give us these egg cartons and we reuse them um these are the Staples my friend if you eat this way you will lose belly fat I I promise you that you don't even have to change your activity level making healthy whole food is Staple in your household makes maintaining a healthy body weight so easy so just want to thank you for watching all the way through hopefully you enjoyed this video got some value please hit that like button if you did let me know what you think in the comments and we'll catch you in a future one down the road

  Top Comments:
  1. @marygrott8095 [2 likes]: Mike, please do more food videos with ideas for meals!   Sure, we can go online and look for healthy recipes, but personally, i like to get ideas from health professionals that i follow.
  2. @Jimbob-zn6bl [1 likes]: Plants are poisonous with Oxylates and other poisonous chemicals that cause cancer and other diseases!! Carnivore diet is the best diet in the world!!🐋🦂🥚💪🥩😊🙏👍🤠
  3. @rohiapopal5331: Can someone from your company get back to me about my order I placed 3 MONTHS AGO?? I did not receive my products and STILL WAITING FOR MY REFUND! This is the worst customer service and experience I’ve ever had!! I’ve messaged you on IG and sent over 6 messages to your “customer care” email! They keep apologizing but will not take care of the actual issue!! 😡
  4. @RaeDawnChong66: Just finished reading Belly fat book. Dude you are a star🎉 i loved it. Implementing everything. So helpful.
  5. @robbobtheplucker3082: But aren't most of the nutrients in the skin of the potato?
  6. @wendywertz8828: If you have leaky gut a lot of those foods would make it worse .
  7. @chicagodude8888: What’s your opinion on Tiger nut flour? A bit starchier than Almond flour but much lower in LA, less than 1 G per serving and higher in antioxidants.
  8. @zerosdeath: Where do I get non-garbage spirulina?
  9. @alanacreates: did you say you QUIT FASTING? specifically what kind?  prolonged? intermittent? all?
  10. @Phantomm_one: Idli,dosa, curd, pazam konjee
  11. @Thistooshallpass2: Today is my leg day..so i need to get some carbs in me.. I think I have a sweet potato  laying around in my car.. emergency  potato  everyone should carry one 😂😂
  12. @Thistooshallpass2: One of  my go to favorite cheap fast meals to to always have pico stuff .. Jalepeno .. throw in mu  left over ground beef from meal before , plain protien yougurt (orikos)and bit of cheese so flipping good... I just mad another beef bowl with ny left over beef .. sautéed  some veggies that were gonna go bad garlic yellow squash  zucchini mushrooms  onion. . Green onion. . White Onion 😅 literally  just grabbed everything whole and raw in my fridge ..a tad. Plain protien yougurt with spoon  full hummus..  and yes I go thru.  So. Much. Yougurt and fairlife milk  😅
  13. @Mat_Scott: I thought this video was about 10 high-protein foods! WTH happened?
  14. @homesteadglamourlifestyle: ❤
  15. @patriciahernandez1003: Hola saludos desde la ciudad de México  x favor en español x favoooóoooooóooooooor gracias
  16. @timothyvaher2421: Nutritional Gem 💎 One ingredient living nutrients, fostering catalytic vitality. Moving away from myriad supplements. Thank you Mike. 🌞
  17. @chrisclack5907: Potato skins contain the majority of the nutrients in the veg, peeling reduces them to empty carbs, right?
  18. @dianavaldez0528: Kefir > Yogurt 👍👍👍

Onions and mushrooms are huge for adding flavor to a grilled steak.
  19. @Rizzlebees1360: What about carbs for bodybuilders? I need the energy from a crazy busy day I burn about 1400cals a day from work and lifting.
  20. @jfitness432: I would add oranges and dried mangos, amazing foods

- Dermatologist: Do Collagen Peptides REALLY WORK for Anti-Aging?: Kind: captions Language: en if you've ever wondered whether taking collagen supplements can actually make a difference in your Skin's health and appearance you're not alone today let's talk about oral collagen supplements what they are what they do and whether they actually live up to the anti-aging hype collagen is a protein that acts as scaffolding or structural support for your skin it's what helps keep your skin firm and plump when you're young but as we age Even in our 20s collagen production goes down by about 1% a year this leads to saggy skin and wrinkles as we age this known drop in collagen production as we age is why collagen is such a buzzword in Anti-aging products and supplements collagen supplements typically come in powder form capsules or in liquid form and most are hydrolized collagen peptides which means that the collagen is broken down into smaller pieces basically pre-digested little bits of collagen when you take collagen supplements they're broken down into even smaller pieces amino acids in your gut some people argue that these amino acids are no different from from what you'd get from eating protein rich foods like chicken and fish but there's some research to suggest that there's more to the story there is some evidence in humans that collagen peptides can improve skin hydration and elasticity I've been taking collagen peptides for about 6 months now and to be honest I usually buy whatever is on sale at Costco but there are a couple of things that I don't love about taking collagen peptides number one they're expensive take this product as an example the recommended daily serving size is 20 G and and the container has 22 servings it retails for about $30 us that means you're spending 1.36 per day just for the powder number two The Taste let's just say that a couple of the bigname brands taste the way a hamster cage smells not ideal right given these issues I wanted to see if it was actually worth it for me to continue buying and taking these products a quick side note for vegetarians and vegans collagen supplements usually aren't plant-based most are derived from animal sources es like the Bones skin tendons and cartilage of cows and pigs most of the clinical studies that have been performed on collagen supplements have been based on collagen from animal sources there aren't comparable options or evidence for plant-based Alternatives at this time so what does the science say while not all studies are created equal there are some randomized control trials suggesting that oral collagen can improve hydration and elasticity a 2021 meta analysis which included data from over 1700 patients concluded that collagen supplements led to statistically significant improvements in skin elasticity and hydration after 8 to 12 weeks of consistent use it's worth noting though that many of the studies on collagen supplements are funded by the companies producing these supplements while this doesn't automatically invalidate the research it's something that I keep in mind one thing that surprised me when reviewing studies on collagen supplements is how little the doses of collagen peptides were in many of the studies as little as 2.5 grams a day I did not find strong eviden to suggest that consuming more collagen peptides like the 20 gram per day recommended by both of the powders I tried from Costco leads to better results for example take this study sponsored by a German company that makes a collagen drink called elastin I have no conflict of interest it contains just 2.5 gram of collagen peptides along with acerola fruit extract vitamin C vitamin E Biotin and zinc despite the small dose the study which was reasonably welld designed randomized 72 women to either the drink or a placebo which did not contain the collagen or extra nutrients that I mentioned after 12 weeks the group taking elastin showed objective improvements in both skin hydration and elasticity 2.5 gram of collagen peptides from from one brand isn't necessarily equivalent to 2.5 gram from another the amino acid content can vary depending on the animal Source like Bine or marine and the specific tissue used skin versus cartilage unfortunately most brands don't disclose the exact tissue Source but at least matching the animal Source When comparing products is a decent place to start before you jump on the collagen train here are a few considerations results take time most benefits are seen after at least 8 weeks of daily use it's not a miracle cure while collagen can help it's just one piece of the puzzle I consider sun protection a healthy diet and not smoking to be way more important than collagen supplements to My overall health including my Skin's Health cost collagen supplements aren't cheap and their effects might not justify the expense for everyone so does oral collagen supplementation work the answer is maybe there's some evidence pointing toward modest benefit in skin hydration elasticity and texture if you're curious and you're not vegan or vegetarian it might be worth trying a collagen peptide supplement for two to three months to see if you notice a difference me personally based on my deep dive this is a low-risk supplement studies on collagen peptides used for anti-aging or for arthritis pain have consistently shown that collagen supplements are well tolerated given that there's some evidence of benefit I'll continue to take my collagen supplements that said I'll be reducing the amount that I take from 20 g a day down to 5 g a day until I see evidence that there is a real dose dependent benefit to taking the greater amount that will reduce my cost per serving from .36 to 34 cents which I'm more comfortable with in the long term thank you for watching and if you enjoyed the video don't forget to like share and subscribe see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @pennyarmc [39 likes]: Well I'm not a lady but a,54-year-old construction worker so I got some leathery skin lol , I didn't get it for that, but say what you will I have a lot of aches and pains being in construction and for me I noticed a difference the next day after I took it at night before I went to bed,  I know for me it helped with the bones and joint support
  2. @ElleDee-s5y [23 likes]: I love watching a doctor who makes $200k+ a year worry about spending an extra dollar a day on collagen. Excellent video.
  3. @NightTrollCo [20 likes]: You have to consistently use it along with eating healthy food. Your body decided where it will go so its not a quick solution but a long term one when used right.
  4. @cabakara [14 likes]: Thanks for the video! I had rosacea earlier in 2025 and started taking collagen, both the collagen powder and facial beef tallow helped restore my skin’s elasticity and barrier. I’ve been sticking to the recommended one-scoop dosage, but your video inspired me to consider reducing it to save on costs. It’s been a big help!
  5. @voguekisses [11 likes]: I take collagen for a quick source of protein too
  6. @cinfull50 [11 likes]: I'm 56 and going through menopause decided to go on marine collagen was my choice after my study and I have found that personally for myself and now also others around because of my experience it works for us you need to take it every day and give it about 6 weeks then all of a sudden you see the most improvements. You will see with your hair, skin nails the funny thing was I noticed the ink in my tattoos had actually showed back up were it was faided in my brows 😂
  7. @4UStevePerry [7 likes]: I mostly bought it for my hair and inflammation I eat low carbs and stay away from bad oils
  8. @TJAllcot [5 likes]: I believe that the amount you take should correlate to your age. Since collagen production starts to decline for many around age 25, 20g a day would be fine for around age 50 but 5g a day would be a better amount for those in their 30s. Don't forget to add a bit of vitamin C. Also seems to dissolve better in warmer water.
  9. @inquisitvem6723 [5 likes]: $1.36 per day is cheaper than a cup of coffee at Starbucks per day😂
  10. @alfredmeza6353 [5 likes]: Thank you, I appreciate your consideration for conflict of interest in studies.
  11. @pharrah24 [4 likes]: Have you noticed any benefits or decresed effects when you lowered the dose taken?
  12. @fatjoshddr [3 likes]: This is an excellently presented video, thank you
  13. @craign5058 [3 likes]: Don't just  buy whatever is on Sale at Costco , many Collagen products test high in heavy metals. Look at the independent lab of a brand before purchasing
  14. @ahnehtub2 [2 likes]: It works for skin but not for anti-aging. You won't live longer! :) Try european produsers for better reglementation! (Ostrovit produces it 400g at around 10-12E)
  15. @wendydecaires1736 [2 likes]: Thank you for the information :)
  16. @stuntmonkey00 [2 likes]: Collagen is just protein, protein is digested into amino acids and peptides,. there's nothing special about eating collagen itself. It's like saying that if you eat more chicken you'll turn into a chicken, the body doesn't work that way. The in studies showing that ingested collagen peptides might be incorporated into the skin are either limited animal studies or very small sample with people, and in any case, aren't that useful... because of course if you eat protein some of it will be incorporated into your skin. Just because marked collagen peptides show up in the skin after ingestion does not mean that pretty much any other collagen-forming protein source could also do that too. If you benefit from collagen, you're pretty much just benefiting from simply consuming more protein, except it's way more expensive.
  17. @4UStevePerry [1 likes]: Do they help loose weight at all or gain weight
  18. @inquisitvem6723 [1 likes]: What state do you practice in?
  19. @howardbrown2913 [1 likes]: There are five types of collagen. Most uses of collagen have a type they prefer. Agin I’m not selling or doing a product review. If you don’t see better hair, skin or joints -bone then you might want to reconsider using a product. I do 8 grams a day and only just started using for 1 month. A lot of health benefits are claimed to come your way by using collagen. Do your research and see how you feel, look. I made a decision to try collagen.
  20. @JoshBaron-b6x: I’m glad you shared your own experience with collagen peptides, always wanted to hear if it’s real or not. Tried some myself last winter but I barely noticed anything changing. Been using Life Link NAD instead and that’s gave me more energy, so that’s what I recommend now.

- I eat TOP 5 Food and Don't Get OLD! Japan's OLDEST Fitness Instructor 92 yr old Takishima Mika: Kind: captions Language: en Meet the Amazing takishi mamika the incredible 92 year old fitness instructor from Japan she's Japan's oldest fitness instructor who is still active and she's such an inspiration to all of us you might be wondering how she keeps herself healthy and energetic at her age well we're here to take a deep dive into takashima's diet and find out what she eats daily to fuel her energy so let's go the first thing takishima does in the morning is wake up before 4am drink a glass of water and go for an exercise at 4am she walks four kilometers then in the opposite direction she jogs three kilometers and then walk another one kilometer this takes about two hours and it's an impressive way to start the day after a good workout she has breakfast at about seven o'clock in the morning her breakfast is a well-balanced meal rich in proteins and fermented foods that provide her with probiotics let's explore the specific items in her breakfast one of the key items in her diet is natto natto is a traditional Japanese dish consisting of fermented soybeans and characterized by a slimy sticky and stringy texture it has many nutritional benefits and is extremely popular in Japan the smell may be surprising to newcomers but natto is packed with nutrition just eating a 100 gram portion you can enjoy 67 of the daily value of Manganese 48 of iron 27 of magnesium and zinc and also moderate levels of vitamin K calcium potassium and selenium among others natto contains more probiotics than non-fermented soybeans this reduces unpleasant digestive symptoms and helps your body absorb nutrients more easily you may think natto is hard to obtain but in fact it is easy to make at home all you need are soybeans and fermented soybean powder to start the fermenting process can be easily made in a yogurt maker but those who prefer not to do it from scratch you can also buy them easily in a Japanese food store nearby along with natto she also enjoys yogurt which contains a lot of calcium a mineral necessary for healthy teeth and bones it's also high in B vitamins particularly vitamin B12 and riboflavin both of which may protect against heart disease and certain neural tube birth defects one cup also provides 28 of your daily phosphorus 10 for magnesium and 12 for potassium these minerals are essential for several biological processes such as regulating blood pressure metabolism and bone health takishima highlights that yogurt is good to wash down the taste of natto and she enjoys yogurt with honey let's further explore a comprehensive breakfast spread she enjoys a refreshing salad with lettuce broccoli which she highlights that it's in season together with many tomatoes and lean ham which is cooked without oil on a pan it is truly a balanced diet of fiber vitamins and protein another Japanese secret recipe in her breakfast is tukmano Japanese pickles that are served with practically every traditional meal I'm sure you have encountered them in your last visit to a Japanese restaurant specifically she enjoys nukazuk which are common household pickles fermented in a mixture of roasted rice bran salt and combo which is a Japanese term for kelp seaweed whole vegetables are stirred into the mash and allowed to cure anywhere from a day to several months the resulting crisp salty and tangy pickles are then rinsed clean sliced and served nukazuka rich in lactobacillus and are said to aid in digestion there are so many different ways to preserve veggies so why not go and pick your recipe to make your own vegetable preserve which are rich in probiotics to boost your good health in between her meals if she is resting at home takishima ensures to add some exercises even when watching TV takishima sits with her back completely straight and her stomach drawn in and she always walks around the house on tiptoe how inspiring is that now let's talk about takashima's lunch she keeps it light and refreshing with just one banana and a probiotic drink called yakult by not overeating during lunch she avoids feeling sluggish and tired throughout the day the banana is a fantastic source of potassium providing about nine percent of the daily recommended intake potassium-rich foods like bananas help manage blood pressure by helping the body excrete excess sodium not only that but bananas are also a source of prebiotics which feed the good bacteria in our gut making them a perfect match for yakult yakult or yakurutu is a Japanese sweetened probiotic milk beverage fermented with the bacteria strain lacticacasia bacillus KCI shirota and if you're worried about blood sugar levels eating less ripe bananas is also an option so let's take a page out of takashima's book and keep our lunch light yet nutritious and delicious let's talk about takishima Mika's Hearty dinner after a long day of teaching Fitness classes she knows the importance of nourishing her body with a healthy balanced meal her typical dinner consists of lean protein such as fish and chicken thigh curry with carrots served with rice cooked with salmon flakes she also includes tofu boiled spinach Korean kimchi natto she also enjoys a lettuce salad with tomatoes and chicken but with no dressing to complete the meal she enjoys miso soup and some beans along with rachio pickled Japanese scallion each item on takashima's plate serves a specific purpose in keeping her healthy and energized the lean protein in her dinner provides her body with the necessary building blocks to repair and build muscle after a day of physical activity fish is a great source of Omega three fatty acids which are important for heart health and reducing inflammation chicken is high in protein and low in fat making it a great option for maintaining muscle mass while also supporting weight loss goals the rice cooked with salmon flakes adds extra protein and Omega three fatty acids to the meal as well as some additional flavor and texture tofu is a great source of plant-based protein and contains all nine essential amino acids it is also high in calcium iron and other important nutrients boiled spinach is packed with vitamins and minerals including vitamin A vitamin C and iron Korean kimchi is another fermented food in her meal that is rich in probiotics which help to support good health and digestion the spice goes very well with fish for dinner takishima enjoys navo again natto is another fermented food that is high in protein and contains a unique enzyme called nattokinase this enzyme may think the blood and help break up blood clots this might protect against heart disease and conditions caused by blood clots such as stroke heart attack and others the lettuce tomato salad with chicken provides a fresh and crunchy addition to the meal while also supplying fiber in essential vitamins and minerals by skipping the dressing takishima keeps the calorie count low and avoids adding unnecessary fat and sugar to her meal finally miso soup is a staple in Japanese Cuisine and provides a warm and comforting addition to any meal miso paste is made from fermented soybeans and is rich in probiotics as well as essential amino acids and minerals overall takashima's dinner is a great example of a balanced and nutritious meal by including a variety of protein sources vegetables fermented foods and whole grains she is able to provide her body with the fuel it needs to stay healthy and strong by following a healthy and balanced diet she is able to maintain her energy levels and continue teaching Fitness classes well into her 90s we can all learn something from her example and strive to prioritize our own health and well-being through the foods we eat [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @CM-ey6qy [1 likes]: I like to eat healthy, but no way could I eat what she eats!
  2. @KayBae-w7y [1 likes]: I need to do this and maybe i'll look just as good as Takishima
  3. @DrThaliaCorven [1 likes]: taking note of this, it very helpful
  4. @UmiMillenial [1 likes]: Panjang umur tapi ga sholat. Tiada guna. 
Bukan masalah panjang pendek umur, tp AKHIR yang baik atau buruk..
  5. @Dr.MichelleOz [1 likes]: Her secret isn't just what's on her plate; it’s her grueling 3–4 hour daily workout routine started at age 65. For average seniors, mimicking this intensity without medical supervision could lead to severe injury.
  6. @EcoThuyHealth65: I want to send my deepest and most sincere thanks to Takimika for the powerful inspiration she shares with the world! 🌟 Her story is more than just a lesson in healthy eating; it is living proof that "it is never too late to start." 🏃‍♀ Seeing her radiant smile and incredible flexibility at 92 gives me so much motivation to take better care of myself and pursue a healthy lifestyle every day. Thank you for teaching us all that age is truly just a number! ❤ Wishing her continued health as she keeps inspiring us all! ✨🙏
  7. @CM-ey6qy: Why does she wear a mask outside? Is there a lot of air pollution? That’s the only reasonable explanation I have.
  8. @sabisharmavlog: https://youtu.be/xueC7GchKyU?si=KGnhaIBoJl9vh_sG
Inspired
  9. @susannes2806: 🤮
  10. @Cloudatlas1111: Oh my god she’s gonna live 130 years
  11. @mystenesturdavant: Her face is beautiful.
  12. @orioorioorioorio2214: なるほど〜大変勉強になりました〜納得です。😂❤
  13. @user-nh8jm2fw9e: 92歳のお婆さんの食事❓
こんなに食べられるわけがないだろう‼️
嘘っぽいですよ　👎
  14. @GreenWitchApothecary: It’s the eight training. Bones are happy! And the diet.
  15. @LongevityForgeHQ: This is awesome
  16. @irynasynychak333: WOW!!!...what an inspiration!!!!!❤❤❤😮😮😮
  17. @DailyHealthDietTips: ❤
  18. @Bumble-Beena: I aspire to be like this amazing lady in sha Allah ❤
  19. @Rs_freebird07: Such an inspiring ❤
  20. @AAA-t5m9e: IN JAPAN!
Try to live like this in a total corrupt nation like USA if you are not a multi millionaire.

- Women's Exercise Debate: The 7 Weight Loss Lies Women Believe!: Kind: captions Language: en So in this part of the conversation I want to talk about exercise, nutrition, fasting, lifestyle, sleep, environmental factors. And the first question is why does muscle matter as a woman in particular? >> Muscle matters because it helps your brain produce more neurons and that's super important for brain health. As far as protection as we age, it's directly correlative to the amount of muscle that we have. And if you have something like PCOS or endometriosis, it's even more important for you because building muscle is going to fight insulin resistance and inflammation. I've got two questions to ask. Should women exercise differently across the menstrual cycle? And what is the reason why women hear what you guys say and they don't do it? >> I'm so glad we're having this conversation. We're back with the leading voices in women's health to unlock the specific insights, data, and tools needed to combat the growing challenges women face throughout their lives. For women forever, it was all about aesthetics. I'm healthy. I'm thin. Because they are under the assumption through socioultural ideas that a woman is coming to the gym to lose weight, not to get strong, not to gain muscle. But what we've ended up with is an epidemic of osteoporosis and frailty and really dementia where 40 to 50% of women will have low bone density. 70% of all hip fractures happen in women. And when you have that, 30% of the time you have a chance of dying in one year. >> Because most of it is based on male data. And I see a large number of women trying their hardest to be healthy but what they are choosing to do is actually having a negative impact on their hormonal health and it's not your fault and this is where we have to educate and it starts now. >> Which brings me to questions from the audience like what's the best and healthiest way to lose weight? Is there a diet for fertility? Should women ask is there a link between environmental toxins and early menopause? >> We think so. But also, if you were to design perfect workout regimes for menopause and permenopause, what would you Oh, Stacy's clapping. Go ahead. This is part two of my conversation with four of the world's leading experts in women's health. And in this episode, we go even deeper into actionable, practical things you can do to improve your health. And by the way, if you're a man and you've been sent this episode by a girlfriend, a wife, a daughter, uh whoever it might be, I know you might not think this conversation is for you, but more than 50% of this planet are women. You have a tremendous advantage in your relationships, at work, and just being a human being going through life. If you understand the majority of the population and for so long, women's health, women's bodies, women's anatomy, their psychology and physiology has been a mystery because there hasn't been the same amount of scientific research done to understand them. So, in this conversation, we're going to demystify all of that so that you can understand your wife, your partner, your daughter, your colleague, your mother, your grandmother even better. [Music] So in this part of the conversation, I factors, and all the things that we kind of alluded to when we were referencing hormones and menopause, but in a more actionable sense. And I guess the first question is similar to the first question in part one, which is why does it matter for us to have a conversation about women in this context versus fitness generally or nutrition generally? Sport and exercise science in itself is a small subset of like sports medicine and medical research and most of the research has been done on men. So if we look inherently at most of the recommendations of exercise, recovery, nutrition, it's based on male data and we established earlier that's not generalizable. So when we really want to get into the nuances of how do we create an adaptive stress for women, we have to look at it differently to look through the female lens. understand the female physiology and acutely how hormones can affect adaptations and how women respond to different environmental cues than men. Yeah, our hormones distinctly control a lot of our environment and the b our other cells that are not what we think of as our hormone cells work with our hormones. So, if we think about the gut, we think about the liver, our immune system. A lot of this is so hormonally derived, but it's a two-way street. Meaning, your hormones influence what is happening in your gut, but your gut influences what is happening in your hormones. And because women have different hormones than men as far as what's predominant and when they are, we have to come at this and approach it a different way. There's so much to do with messaging that women receive as far as their health goes. and this, you know, be small at any cost, you know, you know, get to that number on the scale. And I see it on social media that the conversation is changing hopefully. Now, GOP ones is tampering this a little bit, but strong over skinny, nutrition over calories. Like we are trying to build bigger, stronger bodies and take up more space is the message that needs to have. I mean, forever it was all about aesthetics. You have to look young, feel young, be young, anti-age, you know, all those things. And what we've ended up with now is an epidemic of osteoporosis and frailty and and really dementia. >> Should women exercise differently across the menstrual cycle. So this is the nuance and this is something if you'd asked me maybe 5 years ago I would have said sure from a molecular level we see that there are certain things that happen with estrogen being in isolation for the most part and then when you have estrogen progesterone we see their metabolic shifts we see their temperature shifts but the caveat is we don't know if a woman ovulates or not and I'm sure that Natalie can you know give some stats about the an ovulatory incidences in most women if If we were to understand and know when an woman ovulates in addition to how she feels across her cycle, then she can individually tailor her menstrual cycle to her training. But for general plan, we can't do that. I think it's important that you know building muscle, using muscle, consistency is a huge part of effectiveness when it comes to exercise or to building strength. And so one fear we have when we say do this in one phase of your cycle and do that in another phase is that if you know 15% of patients are not ovulating or they have no idea when their follicular and ludial phases are they then doing overall less because they're waiting on this directive to tell them what is not untrue though and how I frame this to patients is that strength and resistance training should be the core of what you're doing regardless of the phase of the cycle you're in regardless if you're pregnant regardless if we're doing fertility treatments, building muscle, using your muscle. Now, what you do on other days is where you should allow yourself to say, "How do I feel this day? What do I need this day?" And be okay with giving yourself the grace that that may look different on your period, in your follicular phase, in your ludial phase, and saying something and moving your body is still ultimately, we're all going to agree, better than sitting on the couch. Okay, many women will say they have more energy in that late follicular phase. And so if you are looking at your workout structure, this is a day I want to try heavier weights or more reps, it can be smart to put that in a time where you have a higher chance of being successful. >> That's how I explain it. I'm like, if you have >> your own data and you know what days you feel really fantastic, that's where you want to put your higher intensity, your heavier lifting because you know that you're going to hit those training metrics. What we don't want is for someone to go in to do a highintensity session on days they feel flat cuz then they won't hit the metrics that they need to get the stimulus we're after. >> Can you explain this to me like I'm a 10-year-old in terms of where in the cycle typically women will have more energy and really be able to push themselves >> right here 5 to 7 days before ovulation. Some women feel really great around ovulation. Some have a transient where they'll feel really awful on and around ovulation and maybe 24 hours later they feel really fantastic. Most women are variable through the early ludial phase. So if we think about day 6 to 14, that's when we see women feel really robust and strong and feel like they can take on the world >> because estrogen is rising. >> Yeah. Exactly. And you see the physiological changes, heart rate variability, resting heart rate, >> your immune system is um more prone to taking on virus and bacteria. It's not pro-inflammatory. So you have that working for you. Your core temperature is lower. >> You can ask access um carbohydrate a lot easier. So you have more availability for fueling to hit high intensities. Then when we see with ovulation, like I said, some women feel really fantastic right around the time of ovulation because of the estrogen surge. Some have trans transient where they don't feel so great. They might >> when that follicle ruptures and the egg is released the granulosa cells that are surrounding it which is what actually makes estrogen get disrupted. And so some women feel that transient breakage and their estrogen's dropping before it reforms to become the corpus ludium and make again. So you have this high peak estrogen and then some women are really sensitive to these hormonal changes and they feel that drop. So that ovulation day may not always be your very best feeling day, which makes women feel like it should be and like something's wrong with them. >> On a side note, we did um survey on women experiencing pain on ovulation because it's something that was never talked about. >> Middle schmirts. >> Yes, exactly. Middles. >> Middles. >> We had So you can feel the follicle rupturing and that's called middle. So it's German for in the middle because it tends to happen in the middle of your cycle when you ovulate. >> And it's a it it's painful. >> It's a pain. It can't be painful. It's like a cyst bursting inside your body. >> And then some women are down for the count because of it. So they can't they don't plan any physical activity around that because they just can't from a physical and mental standpoint put themselves through anything. So that's why I'm saying like ovulation some women feel bulletproof. Other women have this transient feeling of really flatness and pain. And then afterwards in these early ludial phase, so day 16 to about day 22, it's variable. Well, some women will feel like on top of the world still. Other women will feel m I can't quite hit eye intensities. And then in general these few days about day 24 to 27 before those hormones actually drop this is where you have your PMS your premenstrual syndrome and cramping and fatigue and a lot of women are like not so great. >> That's when your progesterone >> when both of them drop. I just love how you guys explain it because what I see on social media is absolutes. You must do this doing ficular. You must do this at ovulation. you must and I'm just like really you know and so I love how you're like well some women it may affect them this way and others this we generally tend to see xyz so rather than like you absolutely have to do this at these different times I think learning to listen to your body and the signals that it's giving you I mean across the stages of your life that's that's really key to so many of the questions that we're talking about because you want to understand your own response and where many women are falling short is that they've been suppressing their cycle, so they don't know about it. And they were not taught all of these different changes that are perfectly normal. And so it's very hard to then hear a social media post that says only do this in the follicular phase and don't ever do cardio in the ludial phase. And you get a lot of mixed messages when in fact there's no absolutes. >> No. >> And in terms of training, some people think moderate training is better for women. Some people think high intensity training is better throughout the cycle. and sort of also considering what goals you might have in fertility. What would you say there is is should I be doing highintensity interval training if I'm a woman or throughout the cycle and throughout my life? >> So this is where we have to think about periodization first lifestyle but also how a woman is feeling. We don't want people to do highintensity interval training every day because that's just not going to create an adaptive response. We have to think about the reason why we're exercising is to create a a stress that the body's going to respond to. We don't get fitter during exercise. We get fitter from the stimulus of exercise and the recovery from it. So, if someone's doing highintensity interval training every day or 5 days a week, they're not ever going to get that subsequent recovery to be able to hit those high intensities and that stress that we want. We talk about high intensity during our reproductive years. you can pretty much get away with whatever you want to do during your rep reproductive years because you have the benefit of our hormones working for us. We start getting into pmenopause and we start getting into menopause. This is where we have to really carefully look at volume versus intensity. So that means if we're doing lots of stuff or are we doing really purposeful high intensity versus low intensity because we're trying to create what we call a polarization of the training so that when we hit high intensities we're actually hitting the intensities we need to create change. But on the other side of it we want to hit really low intensity so that we can have recovery. It gets harder to recover as we get older regardless if you're male or female. But in pmenopause, we don't have the benefit of estrogen supporting anti-inflammatory responses. So we have to be very cognate that we need more recovery. So I'll give you an example. So my office, my orthopedic office is in a fabulous performance center. Outside my windows, I have floor to ceiling windows. There's a football field inside. That field is filled seven days a week with people taking a class I called Ignite. Ignite has a lot of midlife women in it who are never exercising at low enough intensity to recover and never exercising at peak intensity to change their body. So what happens five or seven days a week they're out doing moderate mid-range intensity training but they're not seeing body changes. They're not seeing recomposition. They're hurt every three weeks and in my office wondering why they're hurt because they're doing a lot of reps of medium intensity. So, they're not really recovering and they're not intense enough to really change their physiology. But that's really common. There are whole brands built around mid-intensity and >> and that falls into the whole socioultural thing where we've grown up that if you don't have a good sweat sesh and feel completely smashed when you leave, it wasn't a good workout. But that's a misconception, >> right? So they are smashed. They're dripping as sweat, but >> it's not at peak heart rate ranges for short bursts of time, right? So it's I know. Look, it's very confusing because I don't know 20 years people have as they've switched from only cardio, they're like now we're going to do high intensity, which is fine. I'm not opposed to that word. It's just that how do you define that? What is high intensity? And so like you, because I've read your books, that we're we're exercising people at pretty low heart rate where they're about to flip from burning fat to carbohydrates cuz that's really metabolically healthy, but not so intense that people are going to get hurt. And I also prescribe really peak sprint interval training. And I did that myself in midlife, you know, to recompose my body, sprint interval training because it's intense and lifting, right? >> Is the advice different for different women at different stages of life here? So, if I'm if I'm before pmenopause, >> you get away with most stuff. >> Assuming you have a regular menstrual cycle, right? I think there there's different time periods which we've mentioned before PCOS, hypothalamic amenorhea, time periods where you're not making estrogen or making it reliably, you can get away with less. And so we want to protect a little bit of that. But when it comes to exercise, variety is the name of the game. You want to adapt. So you shouldn't be doing the same thing every day. That doesn't mean you can't have a plan. There's seven days in a week. You don't have to move every single one. But you should pick these different activities based on your life, your schedule, what you want to accomplish. And it it will vary some in different phases of your life because your goals are going to be different. And so when it comes to exercise, we always have to think about what needs to happen. Are you somebody who is overweight and needs to lose weight? Are you somebody who's underweight and is trying to gain weight? Are you trying to get pregnant or going through fertility treatments or in menopause? So there's nuance to it which always makes it hard. But there's not a one do this one exercise every single day. That's pretty much not the answer. >> So the most popular class for females right now, I just saw the statistic somewhere is Pilates. And my daughter loves her lree and gets on that machine. It's like, you know, >> where does that fall in all of this? >> I have a lot of um Pilates. >> There's a social aspect to it. You know, there's people hate. >> Yeah. because um we did this real talking about how Pilates was not appropriate as strength training, especially as a rehab. When we look at Pilates, it's a complement to true strength training. What I mean by true strength training is you're lifting a load that's heavy in multiple planes. With Pilates, it's really good for isometric control, core strength, balance, propriception, but it isn't a stress that's going to create adequate muscle gain and strength of the bone, which is what we want from strength training. So, just like yoga, Pilates has a place. It does definitely fit in the scheme of things, especially from the social and the fact that it does give you control and propriception, but it isn't the beall end all for strength. people that do pilateses frequently will be shouting. >> But I'm see it's so it hurts so much and >> I know I hear >> well I'm sure it's hard the times I've done it it's not easy but the >> but it doesn't uh set you up not to be frail. >> Mhm. >> It is not building strength and power. And I have women who have done so many Pilates 1500. It's like a badge of they count their classes. >> 1,500 at the deficit of anything else. It's all that goes on >> and and I think that is another, you know, you got to mix it up. Number one. Number two, I say the same thing. So, I'm not very popular in those crowds, but it's great for the for the standard that I ask people do of of flexibility and joint range of motion so that you don't become really stiff and hunched over and shuffling old person, but it will never give you strength and power in the way to protect yourself from falling down >> because there's not enough weight >> for the most part. Yes. And we also have to think about when you're doing strength training, you are in uh you're creating a multidirectional force through the muscle and the tendons and the bones. With Pilates, especially if you're looking at the reformer, it's not multi-directional in the movements. It each movement is one plane and you can be >> yeah, you can be in in different planes, but each motion isn't multiplaner. >> So if we think about what are we trying to get out of out of Pilates, we're getting neuromuscular control. We're getting core strength, we're getting some breath work, and all that is beneficial. But again, if we're trying to grow muscle and bone, take up space, be strong, it doesn't quite hit the points that we need to in order to create this new strength to bring us to that health span that women are looking for. >> So do it a couple times a week. >> Yeah. >> Not seven days a week. Correct. >> So if my my partner, she's 33 years old, so she's not quite at per menopause yet. If you were to design a perfect workout regime for her at that phase of her life, what would you Oh, Stacy's clapping, >> you know. Go ahead. >> So, if she has three days that she can go to the gym and has, oh, I should say three 1-hour sessions that she could have at the gym in a week over seven days. Each one would start with mobilization. So using resistance bands or maybe you're doing a Pilates reformer warm-up so you're getting through the range of motion. >> Why? >> Just to open up the joint capsules, make sure you don't have any restriction so that you can get really good range of motion for the movements you're going to do next. >> The next movements would be >> does that stuff actually work? I do wonder this. So many of my friends are getting injured at this age because that they're my age and a bit older because they walk into the gym and they start picking weights up. >> Oh yeah. No, I mean I spend more time mobilizing, I think, than I do actually training now, >> just to keep range of motion going and keep the joint capsules open. And so that's using the heavy resistance bands to distend and distract all the joint capsules to increase range of motion. >> Stretching doesn't do that. Stretching will get to an end point of the muscle to allow you to have more flex in the muscle, but it's not actually stretching in the joint capsule to give you range of motion. So when we talk about mobility work, we want to get into that full range of motion. So if you have a stiffening, so as I was saying earlier about the guy and my voodoo flossing, well voodoo floss is a way where you're creating some blood flow restriction, then you go in a range of motion and that blood flow restriction, you take the voodoo band off and the blood flow comes back and you go in the range of motion get deeper in that range of motion. So, it's all about accessing the tissues and making the tissues more viable for increased range of motion so that when you go do the lifting, when you go put on a heavier load, you have better control, better range of motion and avoid the small little sticky points that cause injury. >> Tears. The micro tears. >> Uh so it's the micro tears that are going to lead to in injury and the micro tears come when I haven't warmed up >> warmed up properly. Yeah. So, like shoulder, what would that look like? >> Or your shoulder. Uh I wish I had a rig. So, you can take one of those thick um the big and wrap it around a rig or or something and you can pull and distend. So, you're actually pulling the shoulder out >> in different ranges. So, you can rotate, roll, pull, extend, pull, extend. >> What about this? >> So, this is more trying to work the muscle, right? And you have paleo press as well where you're working rotation, but that's not getting into the joint. >> So you want to be >> So if you're distending, you're pulling back. You're not bending your elbow. You're actually pulling through the shoulder and distracting. And then the band is going to pull you forward to give you resistance to pull your shoulder joint out. And it's not a painful, but you're just really getting into that full joint capsule. You can do that with the hips. You can do a banded pigeon stretch. just so many different ways of getting into the joint capsule, which not only gives you more range of motion and prevents injury, but it also gives you more of the flexibility that people think they get when they're stretching. The reason this is important as we age is because ligaments and tendons and uh the capsule the inside skin of a joint is made of collagen and the covealent bonding collagen is like if you envision strands of rope the covealent bonding meaning the bonding between those strands becomes stronger as you age and you uh become more and more stiff. Well, when we lose joint range of motion, we're injured more. Um, it's why we start shuffling down the street, hunched over, shuffling instead of striding because we have full hip range of motion or full knee range of motion. And so, one reason to do this is to maintain full range of motion through all of our joints. We want full range of motion not only to avoid injury but for instance if your knee is stiff whether it's an injury or because you just haven't maintained your motion it will change something called your kinetic chain meaning we really are from our big toe to through our spine connected the big toes connected to the footbone the footbone because the way each of those body segments works activates the next body segment. So, if you've got a glitch in the system because your knee doesn't move or let's take this one, this is easier. Your ankles get stiff because we've never worked on it. Your calves are tight, right? You're a jumper. You've got tight calves. Your your hip your ankle doesn't flex. Well, then your shin bone or your tibia is not going to internally rotate. Well, without that, your knee is not going to bend as much and your femur, your thigh bone is not going to rotate. You must have the rotation of these bones to activate your glute. >> So if you're not activating your glute, your butt muscle, people are very hurt or they're not getting as strong or they start having lateral thigh pain. So everything works together and it starts with among other things the flexibility and range of motion exercises. We're talking about it right now. So that the body works like a chain. I see messages all the time in the comments section that some of you didn't realize you didn't subscribe. So, if you could do me a favor and double check if you're a subscriber to this channel, that would be tremendously appreciated. It's the simple, it's the free thing that anybody that watches this show frequently can do to help us here to keep everything going in this show in the trajectory it's on. So, please do double check if you've subscribed and uh thank you so much because in a strange way, you are you're part of our history and you're on this journey with us and I appreciate you for that. So, yeah, thank you. If I lose my range of motion because I never did all these things, can I get it back when I'm 50? So, like, you know, I'm 33 now and I'm think, damn, I've not been doing enough of this stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah, you can. Unless you're having bone changes due to arthritis and it's blocked. Yes, you can. >> So, I can start I could theoretically start at 40 >> cuz if you think about your muscle and how it responds to picking up a weight and right, you're going to build the muscle. So if you're creating a force within the tendon and the ligament and the collagen and it's a repetitive force, a positive force, you're going to invoke change. >> Tissues are malleable. >> So people that think they're stiff and they say, you know, I can't touch my toes and >> they can work on >> they can get it back. >> Here's another reason. So what happens in midlife men and women actually they remember what they used to do >> and then they're like I'm going to start working out and I'm going to start >> their success. >> This is when I get people who just show up on the basketball court after not having been there for quite some time and they return to their memories of success but because they haven't lengthened their tendons, their joints aren't moving quite so well. They rupture tendons because the load outstrips the ability of the tissue to be compliant. >> That makes sense. >> Friends have been getting injured and I think that's in part why because they're trying to work out like they used to work out. >> Yeah. And listen, they can return to really high level, but you can't stop. You can't start where you left off 20 years ago or 10 years ago. It takes a minute. >> Few weeks for me. >> It takes a minute. Yeah. So Mel's 33. You >> mobility work when she gets to the gym first and foremost. >> Y >> on day one >> or every day? >> Every day. >> Every day. So I'm assuming, and I could be wrong, that she already has a strength training history. >> Yeah, she does. Yeah. >> Okay. So we do the mo mobility work for about 10 minutes. Really warm up. Well, then we pick one compound movement we're going to work on. So could be squats on the Monday. So we're going to work on loading in a squat pattern. So that's your knee forward, you know, quad dominant type squat motion. >> Back squat, does it matter? >> Back squat, front squat. You could do Bulgarian split squats. So we're adding load and we have a periodized program. So this is just a snippet of one day in a periodized program. >> What if you didn't have that strength training history? >> Well, then we work on adding load through our I want to see how she moves first and we want to make sure that you're moving well before you add load. So this is where we would work with lighter loads and more reps. >> What if she's doesn't have you there? >> Yeah, that was my question. Like what if you're not there on her own? >> Yeah. So this is still like how do you squat? Where are your sticking points? So you can assess, self assess. If you've done your mobility, then you'll know like, oh, my hips really tight, so I need to work on that. So let me do some air squats to see how I move. Then the next time you go in to do squats, maybe you're picking up um two 10 pound dumbbells and you're holding them and doing air squats with your dumbbells. And eventually you're gonna move to the barbell. So it's all about small progression under load to get to a point where you feel more confident to use a barbell back squat to get into more of those compound movements. >> Why don't people exercise? Specifically, if we just focus here on women, what is the reason why people hear what you guys say when you're talking about exercise and they don't do it? They don't start. >> It's hard. >> For what what set of reasons make it hard? >> Well, for women, it's set up in a gendered environment. Like I always use the example of a woman who has an interest in strength training. if they go to a typical like 24-hour fitness or another brand gym that's out there, they'll walk in and they'll say, "Yep, I want to join." And the membership person most often will say, "Great. Here's the class schedule. This is where we have our spin classes. This is where we do our our classes." >> They never direct them to the lifting platforms. They never look and say, "Hey, here are are the way to get strong." Because they are under the assumption through socioultural ideas that a woman is coming to the gym to lose weight, not to get strong, not to gain muscle, >> not to recomposition. Yeah. >> Right. But if a man walks in, then it's always the great, here's the lifting platforms, we have x amount of barbells, we have x amount of bumper plates. How much weight do you want to gain? Do you do you want to work with someone to, you know, help you build that mass? >> Vonda, why does it matter? You know, cuz there's a big social pressure on women to look a certain way >> and it doesn't typically involve muscles in the especially in the upper body. >> So, you know, we're still living under the times of be as small as you can, >> but small doesn't mean lean. There's a concept of skinny fat which you know it's you can be as tiny as tiny but you can be 50 you can have a body fat of 50% which means you're neither strong you're not metabolically healthy you're just little right >> so it's there is also a misconception that lifting heavy is going to automatically turn you into a physique model or a bodybuilder shape if that's your goal that's probably going to take you five years or a decade. It's a lot of hard work for a long period of time with proper nutrition. So for a woman who's wants to feel better, the goal is to build muscle to be lean, to recompose, not lose weight, right? I'm not really interested in somebody's weight. I'm interested in their body fat percentage and their lean muscle mass. >> Um because it's what you're made of that matters, right? Not the size of the shell. >> And why does muscle matter as I age? As a woman in particular, >> it matters for everyone, but for uh muscle matters because it's not just part of locomotion. It's not just part of moving you around. It is a metabolic organ. It is critical for glucose metabolism. It's critical for uh insulin sensitivity. It uh talks to the bone. Bone and bone and muscle are endocrine organs which cross communicate all the time. So both bone and muscle have access to the brain. Right? Uh muscle will produce a hormone called irri which has multiple functions in the body. The the axis between muscle and brain helps your brain produce more neurons. Right? bones access to the brain has a role in satiety. Isn't that amazing? Which means not hungry anymore. Why would you think these locomotive structures, if that's what you limit them to, would would even have those functions? It's because we put organs in a box. So to answer your question, muscle in men and women, but women in particular for this conversation, we need as much muscle as possible to fight the insulin resistance that we get when estrogen walks out the door. We need uh muscle for glucose metabolism. We need muscle for the pure strength of it because we do not want to become frail and be one of the twothirds of nursing home residents who are women because we can't do something as simple as get up out of a chair. >> But I could just get muscle when I'm 70. >> You can actually harder. >> So why does it matter for Mel to be thinking about it when she's 33? >> Well, here's the great part for Mel is she still has all her estrogen. Mhm. >> Estrogen has a profound effect on muscle protein synthesis. Um it is a significant anti-inflammatory. So high inflammation, chronic inflammation, we've talked about decreases muscle synthesis. It decreases bone synthesis because inflammation with its high cytoine level I've mentioned them before IL6 tumor crosis factor those are all detrimental to these normal metabolic pathways. So the wonderful thing for Mel who is entering what I call the critical decade which is 35 to 45 estimated. It's the prime time to set your physical activity standards and to build as much as you can while you still got all your estrogen. >> In addition to the fact that for proper hormonal health, you think about inflammation coming in, it's like static on a walkie-talkie. The brain's trying to interpret your hormones and when inflammation's coming in, it's making the signals really hard to hear. So, we need to make sure that we're actively fighting that. And building muscle is one great way because it's going to use up glucose and fight insulin resistance, which means makes your cells more sensitive to when it sees glucose and able to use it better. If you have another thing that is pro-inflammatory such as PCOS or endometriosis, it's even more important for you because your inflammatory burden by default of what's happening at a cellular level is higher. We now need to not just say, I need to not make it worse by being exposed to things. We have to say, I need a plan to fight this because my world is pro-inflammatory on a daily basis. What is my game plan to fight this? And building muscle. It's not just exercise is better than no exercise but specifically building muscle because as everybody's saying it's has a metabolic function in your body is going to help you the most. There's a term called geroprotective geroproction. So gerero is is the term we use for aging. So gerontology is the you know the part of medicine that focuses on the elderly patients. And so when we look on in females and the organs that are, you know, are the most ger protective, it is the muscle and the ovary and the ovaries go away. We have a shelf life in our ovaries. So then we're just really left with our muscle as far as protecting us in those elderly years as we age. And it's directly correlative to the amount of muscle that we have because if you have a lot of muscle, you're going to have stronger bones. And this this is where the intensity part where um Dr. I was talking about seeing the ignite class and everyone's in that moderate intensity all the time. With moderate intensity, you don't have the post exercise anti-inflammatory response. So, if we're trying to build muscle and we're trying to dampen inflammation if we're always doing this moderate intensity cardio, then we're not one going to be building the muscle we want and two we're going to have this baseline elevation of total body inflammation. So we need to mix it up and have that precedence on being muscle centric and building that muscle >> one to help with aesthetics. I mean that's the byproduct of lifting weights. You tend to look better but it's more than that. We see it improves brain health because of the neuro connections and the neuroplasticity of the brain and I told >> sleep all of those things you get an incredible parasympathetic response when you've done a significant heavy lifting session or a sprint interval session which you don't get with that moderate intensity cardiovascular work. >> Two questions to add to what you you're about to say here is um am I right in thinking that >> at the end of that golden decade that you referenced 45 years old Because you have changes in estrogen, one will expect to see a a natural decline in muscle. >> Yes. >> Um and an increased chance of osteoporosis, osteopenia, bone issues later in life? Do women, this is several questions, I apologize, but do women then also tend to have more frail bones in later life and is that linked to the muscle loss? >> So this is how it works. So both men and women build bone and peak about up to 25 some sometimes 30 and then bone loss plateaus for a little while. Men continue to lose about 1% a year. So men do not arrive with hip fractures or devastating fractures until their 70s or 80s or older. Women also decline slowly until we lose our estrogen. And then the rate of decline, and I'll tell you why it happens, for bone doubles or triples such that you will lose 15 to 20% of your bone density during your pmenopausal period just from loss of estrogen alone because estrogen plays many roles. I've already talked about estrogen being a huge anti-inflammatory. Bones are very sensitive to inflammatory chemicals in your body. Estrogen also directly affects the balance of the two main cells that subtract minerals from bone, the osteoclast and the cell that builds the bone, the osteoblast. And in well hormoned times, there is a balance. The body loves balance. We take what we need, we build it back. But because estrogen has such a profound effect on the osteoclast, the Pac-Man bone eating cell, there's a dis there's an imbalance and we take more bone than we're capable of building. We're still building bone, but the rate cannot keep up with this. So with the inflammation, with the direct effects on the osteoclass, women will lose bone density if they do nothing. Well, number one, they're going to lose bone density, but they must do something about it. The reason it's so critical for a 33y old is because you still have your estrogen. So, let's learn how to lift heavy. Let's take advantage of the estrogen circulating. Let's learn to have a jumping practice and impact our bones. Right? So the the way our body tells our bones to build more is um there's another little cell called the osteocy. It sits encased in bone but it's connected to these other uh cells by little tunnels that contain fluid. When you jump, the biomechanical impulse of that fluid shifting in the little tunnels is translated into a biochemical stimulation that tells the bone, "Oh my god, she's jumping around. I need to build more bone." So, we need that impact to stimulate the laying down of more bone. >> I was looking at this graph, which is what you were describing. >> Yeah. um men and women aren't that far away in terms of bone mass. >> So this is showing the fact that because of the way testosterone interacts with a man's bones, he will peak at a higher bone mass than a woman will. >> So he's starting at a higher level. >> So I would want young women to do everything humanly possible to start at the highest possible level. But I see lots of 20 year olds, 30 year olds, really young women with poor bone density for a lot of reasons. And so I'm a big proponent for having bones measured early. Don't wait until you're old so you know where you're starting, >> but that's not the standard recommendation. >> No, the standard recommendation is 65, which >> long way >> for that. But because I do do either a DEXA scan or a REM's ultrasound to look at bone quality on everybody, um, we can catch it earlier. And that's really important to get in front of it because it's estimated, uh, research says that in order to affect bone density, if you're going to use estrogen for instance, you need to have do it for 10 years. >> And why should people care about bone density? Everyone cares about muscles, but very few people talk about bones. >> Fracture. can't carry your muscle around if you have weak bones. >> So without bone, muscle is just a heaping pile of steaming metabolic tissue sitting there, right? There would be no bicep to complement, right? Because it has to be connected to a bone. So they're important for locomotion and giving support to the muscle. But bone is an endocrine organ that secretes hormones that go to your brain to help build neurons to your pancreas to be active in insulin uh release to the muscle for glucose metabolism. In men to the testes to build testosterone and that's only one of the many hormones that the bone produces. The bone is not not only structural, not only hormonal. I've already talked about it being a storehouse, but it's an incubator in our pelvis is where we build all of our blood cells. >> And so it has these multifunctions. But to Mary Claire's point, for women, 40 to 50% of women will have low bone density. And when you have that, 50% of the time you'll break a bone. So if we're looking around at this table, if we all have osteoporosis, which we don't, uh, one in two of us will fracture. When that fracture is a hip fracture, which is very common, 70% of all hip fractures happen in women. 30% of the time when you hit the floor and something breaks, you have a chance of dying in one year. This quick, your life changes. 50% of the time, even if you survive, you will never return to prefall function, meaning you can't go home. And that puts your family in this situation of having to figure out 24-hour care >> or you move in with your eldest daughter or you go into a facility where you use your life savings until you have no more and then you have to apply for Medicaid and the government will pay for it. These are terrible situations to get at something that we could have prevented had we started early enough. >> So, you want to start early. So, I'll have Mel. So, Mel's going to be doing strength training, not just for the muscle benefits, but also because it's going to help her build strong, healthy bones in that critical decade. >> Yep. And then we finish it with some jump training. >> Jump training. >> Yeah. So plyometric type work or if we're looking at not having the robustness of doing straight pio then you can do banded assisted pogos. You can do low depth jumps so you're getting some impact the bone because as um Dr. Roy is talking about it's a multidirectional stress not people think oh I run I'm going to have strong bones but running doesn't do it. You need multidirectional stress. So if you think about it when you land your body has to move the ground doesn't. So it's called the ground reaction force that comes up through the bone to create that strength. >> So that ideal situation in a workout for her would be some mobility, some heavy lifting. If we're doing plyio, that's also strength or a sprint type training. So you're getting a metabolic stress. So you're hitting all the major factors in one 1-hour workout. I read that um that there was a study done with some Australian elderly ladies on bone growth >> on lifting and bone growth. >> Yeah. Lift more lift more study by Dr. Beck. >> She was trying to dispel the myth which I hear every day that you've got osteoporosis, you can't lift weights. >> And so her study because we're big proponents of teaching people to progressively lift heavier and heavier and that scares people. but especially if you think you're going to break. So she did a study where the load was five reps, five sets under a supervised situation. So five reps means that it was heavy enough that at five reps they were near failure. >> Right? So these women all osteoporotic not only were capable of lifting heavy under supervision, none of them broke and uh they built bone. >> Yep. So that answers the question, right? Can you lift? Yes. >> Yes, you can. And the other thing that isn't really brought up into these conversations is when you hit pmenopause, not only is estrogen sort of the stimulus for sat satellite cell where we're building muscle cell, but it has a distinct um I guess influence on measin. So meosin and actin are are two contractile proteins. So if you think about a sliding filament or coming together, you have meosin and actin that bond together to then pull and move and pull and move and that's how you have a muscle contraction. Estrogen is responsible for how tightly meosin bonds to actin. When we start to lose estrogen or we start to have variability in our estrogen, we get myosin dysfunction. So that means we're not going to get a very strong contraction. >> So we get weaker. >> We get weaker. And this is one of the very first things that people complain about to me. I don't have power. I don't have strength. I can't I my grip strength's gone. I don't know. But their body composition hasn't changed yet. So if we think about lifting heavier loads, it's a neuromuscular response. And that direct stimulus creates the adaptive change in measin that now estrogen isn't responsible for. It's a different external stress that creates that change in measin to go, yep, I have to grab onto actin and have a very strong contraction. So we see that this dysfunction happens first before we start seeing a change in our lean mass development. So if we are already in the habit of lifting heavier loads, then we can offshoot some of that measin dysfunction that occurs with the estrogen change. So when my patients come in and they are looking to prevent osteoporosis or they've gotten a diagnosis of low bone density, you know, what can they do? I've discussed the Lyftmore trial. The new study just came out May of this year of 2025 and they looked at very similar to the protocol used in Lyftmore. So there was a control group where they just did nothing. Then a group that did the they did three days a week and they did resistance training and jump training. And then the third group did all the same exercises and added HRT. And depending if they had a uterus, they got estrogen or estrogen plus a progesterrogen. And so, of course, as expected, the do nothing group lost bone. You gained bone as expected in the resistance group, but it seemed to be synergistic. When we added hormone therapy and the resistance training together, they grew even more bone. They had even better results. So, when my patients are like, I want to hedge my bets. My mother fell and fractured. she's broken her hip in a nursing home, whatever. And I'm trying to avoid this. I'm we're hitting all the points and the only medication of it. Now, we have other medicines that will help slow down resorption of bone, the bisphosphinates and stuff, but they, you know, there they can be hard to take and they have a lot of side effects. So, to me, prevention is always better than cure, >> right? So, I'm trying to get them and get them early. I just ignore the guidelines that say you have to wait till 65 unless you have some chronic medical condition to get a bone density. I'm telling patients you can find it for about $99 around I work in Houston and that is worth the investment for you to go get your baseline bone density. I don't know a single orthopedic surgeon you know a singer exercise physiologist or anybody who deals with with osteoporosis who thinks 65 is a good idea. So if your listeners are like oh well you know my insurance won't pay for it. I'm like, there are centers popping up now where you can go and get a DEXA scan >> and just pay out of pocket and get a great, you know, and figure out where your starting base is. >> A DEXA scan is >> a bone scan to see your bone density is the easiest way to describe it >> and your muscle mass. >> Yeah, >> they can do that as well. This conversation is really important though to extend besides just menopause or permenopause that there are women of reproductive age years who have profound periods of low estrogen who are also at risk for serious problems with their bone density both now and down the road. And so if you come to me and you say, "Oh, I haven't had a period for 7 years. No big deal." Well, that is a big deal. And depending on the reason why, many of the causes will result that you had low estrogen and you were not ovulating and you have hit that graph you showed of while you're building your bone, that person's on a different trajectory. And those women do need bone scans much earlier so that we can see where they are and see what treatment we need. But it's one of the biggest reasons. Bone health is one of the most acceptable medical reasons for why we should put younger women who are have low estrogen time periods onto estrogen treatment because it can so profoundly change their bone health long term. So in my uh niche of active women, we see there's a very very high incidence of recreational active women and low energy availability, meaning they're not eating enough to support daily life as well as their training. So the subclinical aspect of not eating enough creates a myriad of of issues that does create lower bone density, menstrual cycle dysfunction, greater inflammatory responses. So you know the end result would be hypothalamic amenora. So their periods have stopped which is a low estrogen standpoint. So, you know, keeping track of of your period, make sure you're eating enough is one of the first stop gaps that we have in the athletic realm. It's like we want you to eat enough. And if you're looking at bookending our calories on either end of the day, that's not appropriate. We have to look at how your circadian rhythm works because the circadian rhythm, like we talked about in the first um half, was about the pulses of our hormones. So if we're holding our calories on either end of the day, then there's this big space in the middle of the day where your body thinks it's under a starvation threat. So you start to have this down downturn of all of our metabolic functions. We see after 4 days of low energy availability, there's a direct impact on thyroid function. So we have to be very cognate that women who are saying, "I haven't had a period in seven years or my periods are really irregular." We have to bring it back to the energy function as well. So, I know unfortunately we're still in this environment of aesthetics and I'm always like, we need to eat. And if you eat in and around your training and fueling appropriately for what you're doing, it has a positive impact on body composition. >> You're not going to gain body fat, you're going to gain lean mass, you're going to gain bone, and you're going to see a decrease in body fat. But it's a trusting the process that out in general socioultural concepts is just not acceptable for so many women right now. >> And with that exercise regime I asked you to make for a woman that's pre premenopause. >> Was there anything left off there? We had day one which is mobility works strength training. >> So if you were to do three days a week in the gym that would be pretty similar except for the compound movement. What are we doing for each of those compound movements? A different muscle. So it would be the knee forward squat motion one day, push pull upper body next, and then uh posterior, so your hip thrust, your deadlifts, that kind of stuff. Because women are quad dominant to prevent injury, we really need to build the posterior chain. And this is your glutes, your hamstrings, >> your deadlifts, >> your Yeah. So you're getting really uh strong around the knee joints, the hip joints because again that feeds forward to better movement, movement economy and prevention of a misstep for a hip fracture later down. >> What about cardio? And >> so that's where like if we're looking at those three days a week and we're finishing with pio or some sprint work, then the other days just walking, lowle intensity walking or maybe you have soul food, you want to go for a bike ride, you want to go for a run. If you're not training specifically for something, then those three strength training days are your key workouts and then you can pepper in all the other things that you like to do. >> I hear a lot about V2 maxes, so I thought but we should all be driving our cardiovascular performance up to get a high V2 max. >> Well, that's where the intensity is. Yeah, >> I think it's only I mean, and correct me if I'm wrong, but my understanding after reading and watching everything is doesn't take that much to build V2 max. doesn't it's that high intensity that's a little bit uncomfortable where you're pushing at that max for uh you know about four minutes to build that V2 in the sports science world it's always been the 4x4 the Norwegian 4x4 >> 4 minutes on four minutes off four minutes on four minutes >> but that's not three days a week no >> protocol is once a week >> once a week at the most right >> and the other sprints just to give you I tend to give my examples because it makes it more real but When I'm doing sprint intervals, um, I do it the 30 seconds on and then complete recovery, meaning I'm for 30 seconds I'm taking my heart rate as high as I can get it >> and then I'll completely recover, which takes me two to three minutes. I just happen to do it on a treadmill, but the reality is you can do it on anything. It's a heart rate function, not an apparatus function. So, for me, on a treadmill, after I'm done warming up, you can't do it cold or you'll hurt something. >> Exactly. >> After I'm done warming up, cuz I'm a really short person, I punch the treadmill up to 11 and I am just working so hard I don't fly off the back. But that gets my heart rate up really high, about 186. Everybody's top heart rate is different. >> And then I completely recover. And I do that four times. >> And that's all you need. >> It doesn't take that long. And you feel so good when you're done. >> Yeah. So I can't run at the moments. This morning I did explosive kettle bell swings. >> Why can't you run at the moment? >> Uh torn hamstring and miniscus. So I can't run at the moment. >> Running is in. >> Run clubs have come >> in strong. It's back in. >> It's not happening. Are you at all concerned with the fact that people are running all the time and doing resistance training less? Because running is cool like cool now. It's how people date. It's it's they're not going to nightclubs. >> It's a sacrifice of other things. It's like we said about Pilates, you know, if all you do is running, then that is definitely not the best way to be. It's not the healthiest for your whole body. It's not that you're unhealthy, but we're really talking about how are we optimizing your body and your hormonal health for a variety of different goals. But also, if we look very micro at running, 58% of runners have a ludal phase defect. That means that the second half of their menstrual cycle is not going to be able to last as long as we want it to. Likely due to what Stacy was talking about earlier, this relative energy deficiency coming back to the brain. the brain signals not as strong to keep that corpus ludium what happens after the follicle alive and a lot of women say I still have my period so I'm okay but if we're using our cycle as a vital sign we can actually say the ratio of energy balance is not great and it's often because we're doing it at sacrifice of other things. So, if you're doing the strength training three times a week and you're running, however, you're spacing out your other days, that's such a healthy balance. It's hard that you're going to be in a bad position with that and you'll actually improve your running more so than if you were to run every day or every other day. Cuz if you're getting strong through full range of motion, then that feeds forward to better running economy. Then you can vary your pace without getting injured. But for people who are running every day and they're shuffling and they're getting stronger in their strong muscles and weaker in their weak muscles, then it perpetuates this. >> And they're in my clinic. >> People are very keen on doing marathons and half marathons at the moment and got a couple of friends that are doing a lot of marathons at the moment and they're very very very skinny. >> Oh, welcome to my world of Texas. >> Yeah. Is that healthy? I'm not even sure if that's that's the right question or one can judge from just looking but being extremely skinny in that regard being that sort of marathon runner physique >> there are some that are naturally predisposed to that >> right so naturally predisposed having really good running economy running biomechanics having a leaner body and this is what we were talking about the Olympics earlier where we can see the ideal body type for that particular sport and then there are those like me who build muscle naturally it's pretty easy so I'd never be a skinny little runner and my running economy is a little bit off because of where I build muscle versus not. So, not everyone is meant to be a long-distance runner and there are some that are meant to be long-distance runners. So, if we're talking about your friends who are like super skinny, are they e economically viable for being a long-distance runner? Possibly. But we also have to look are they male or female? What is their injury rate? What is their fueling? And then for me, I'd want to see the dexas of the women that are just training long distance and super skinny because most of the time we see a higher visceral fat in um in and around the organs as we're talking about. Even though on the outside look super lean, but they have a really high percentage of visceral fat because of the inflammation, the low energy intake and most likely estradile suppression. >> And that's the skinny fat thing you you talked earlier. Is is there an evolutionary lens on this? I always think about this when we're having these conversations like what what used to happen thousands of years ago. >> If we talk about the evolutionary biological theories and there are a lot of sociologists that will counter what I'm getting ready to say, so I'll apologize in advance. We look at original huntergatherer type communities. The male body was designed to go out to find the calories. The women body was designed to stay and take care of the offspring and make sure that home was set. If it was low calorie, menstrual cycle would stop because you didn't want to reproduce in a time of low calories. Body fat would come on because there weren't a lot of calories. >> And so the equival now is that I'm not eating enough or I'm burning more than I'm consuming. >> So I'm in a calorie deficit in some way. >> Exactly. In an energy deficit. So with the male body and we see this their brain and hypothalamus is not as sensitive to those nutrient deficits as much as a woman's body because we have menstrual cycle and menstrual cycle function. A man will lean up and get more cognitively focused in times of low calorie intake. So this is what we see with fasting data and we see with restrictive diets >> and that was we need to bring it back to that biological lens. low calorie, I have to go find the calories. I have to be fit to go find the calories. Low calories, I need to not have to eat as much. So, I need to store fat and I can't have a baby because we don't have enough calories. >> And then stress, >> when we add modern stress onto that, that's a comprehensive addition of cortisol and addition of inflammation and that also perpetuates body fat. >> I mean, like stress 10,000 years ago would have been like a lion. >> Oh, yeah. It's a lionic, right? We had stress and that this is a natural stress response. We have to have them to survive. But these were episodic, >> right, >> stresses. Well, and your hormones would change for a very specific purpose that you would then go do. Your body would free up glucose from your liver. You're getting it ready in your bloodstream so you can go run from the lion and then things would shift back to normal. And what's happening with chronic stress is you're getting all the hormone shifts because your body's really getting ready for the lion except it's just that bad meeting you had and then you're just sitting there longer and you're not using that glucose up. Exactly. Exactly. >> Are women increasingly overtraining? >> I think the problem in this country is not maybe in the women who are really intentional maybe there are some that are overex exercising but if we look at a population nobody is exercising enough. Exactly. >> I mean, I would take People ask me all the time, "Tell me the first thing people need to do." I'm like, "I'll take anything." >> I mean, I'll take getting off the couch with any method, whatever makes you happy. >> I'll say, get off the couch and do 10 air squats. Thank you. >> That's enough. Yeah, that's enough. >> Resistance train. >> So, so in the crowd that's like, I'm going to invest in my health every day. >> That is not the majority of people. >> that's my bubble. Yeah, but who the people who listen to your show might be a different demographic we have to acknowledge, right, than population of America. I mean like a lot of people who listen to your show, Stephen, are interested in health and their body and achieving certain goals. And so certainly, you know, I have practiced fertility in North Carolina and in Austin and I see a completely different patient population, you know, in Austin, Texas, which is a very fit area. PE women are constantly overtraining. But to Stacy's point earlier about this maybe evolutionary what happens women go into this hypothalamic dysfunction even before it's what we call like amenora. Hypothamic amenorhea is essentially where the brain where the hypothalamus is shuts off says can't reproduce right now. XYZ reason no FSH and LH are coming out. You're not ovulating. You're not making estrogen. You're not going to get pregnant. >> So you're more likely to survive. >> Yeah. It's a survival mechanism. >> Pregnancy is dangerous as in hunter gatherers, >> but there's state modern medicine acts like you're perfect or it's turned off. And the reality is there's all these shades of gray in between where these different chronic stressors and your insulin resistance and your inflammation and you're overex exercising and you're under fueling come in and make it so the hypothalamus is not responding correctly. And that's what we're trying to get people to intervene there before it gets too bad. And I see a large number of women who do fall into that zone where they are trying their hardest to be healthy, but what they are choosing to do is actually having a negative impact on their hormonal health and how their brain is interpreting their hormones. And you it's very rare to see that in a man. Meaning the number one reason why I will see low testosterone is purely because many men are taking testosterone or because of other exogenous factors like marijuana use. It is very rarely my brain is not sending out the signals to cause my testicles to make testosterone. I like to frame it where women are under recovering not overtraining. >> So if we're under recovery then it makes it more acceptable to fuel and I always want to bring it back to it doesn't matter like because I come from high performance I'm going to use those words where it's like you're not recovering enough. We want to focus on recovery on these days. We want to make sure that you're eating and fueling around. So, it's never overtraining. It's always under the balance is wrong. They're not. >> So, what do you say to all the voices on social media that are just yelling at mostly women and telling them it's just a matter of willpower >> and you don't have the body composition you deserve. >> Well, you swipe left and don't talk to those people. >> But that's me, right? But I mean, I'm talking to the woman in Ohio who's feeling defeated and stumbles across someone screaming at her on the internet that her body composition that she's not happy with >> is her fault. I hate that because it's a construct of society, right? Especially western society. This is where we have to educate. It's not your fault. These are the things that have come into play and lined up to create this situation. But now we have tools to offer you to take one step out of that situation and let's see how many more steps we can get you away from the situation to improve your health. >> And are the rules of exercise slightly different once you've entered permenopause? So, this is where we really need to look at how we can use exercise and some environmental stress to create a really strong adaptive stress and a really strong recovery stress. >> Stacey, can you explain adaptive stress? Because I'm thinking of the 10,000 people who follow me who will be like, >> "You have no idea what adaptive stress is." So, if I go and I uh do some resistance training, some heavy lifting, I want to create a stress on my body that's going to then have a signaling cascade to repair the muscle in a stronger way than when I first >> lifting the muscle damages the muscle. >> Yes. And it creates a series of feedback mechanisms that make it repair stronger than when you first went in. So, that's an adaptive stress. And we're looking at what levels of stress we can put. So it's a training stress or what levels of stress we can use through exercise to really really create an environment that improves our health. Okay. >> So if we talk about sprint interval training, the 30 seconds on and the two to three minute recovery, the reason why we want that super high-end stress of our heart rate is it then creates a eventual epigenetic change. So, it's that environment that's going to create a change within the muscle that's going to allow that glute 4 protein that I mentioned earlier to open up and have glucose come in, reducing insulin resistance. Also, with that really high high heart rate, we're having a lot of stress on the muscle that's going to release some myioines, which are little hormone signals that then will go to the liver and say, "Wait a second, we don't need to store visceral fat. we need to create non-estrified fatty acids which can then go into our skeletal muscle to be used in the mitochondria as fuel. So we want to have the stress that's strong enough to create these cascades of feedback mechanisms to improve our overall health. >> If we stay in that moderate intensity zone, we aren't creating a strong enough stress >> to create that signaling. >> What are we doing? >> We are exacerbating inflammation. we're exacerbating cortisol. Now, cortisol isn't the demon, but when we have an elevation of it, and especially in pmenopause, when we're sympathetically driven and we already have a higher level of baseline cortisol, if we are continuously in this moderate intensity zone, we never get a signal to allow that to drop. So if we're looking at polarizing which is top top end and low recovery end then with the top end we get the signal cascade of improving body comproving uh insulin sensitivity as well as getting growth hormone and testosterone responses which then feed back to drop cortisol. >> So am I right in thinking the solution if I'm permenopausal is to do highintensity interval training for short periods of time. So, we look at the quality of the training, not the volume of the training. So, if we're in our reproductive years, then yes, you can do the moderate intensity stuff because you have estrogen and some of our other hormone feedback signals that are going to drop cortisol. It's going to allow your body to recover and repair. >> And when you what makes quality training? What is quality training? >> So, this is your polar. So, you have a very specific session that you're going to do. >> So, for Vonda, it's your 30 seconds on as hard as possible, 2 to 3 minutes recovery. You do that four times. That's your session. >> Okay. I'm going to try and summarize this. >> See if this is a test. See if I understood all of this stuff. So, if I do a lot of volume, but I I play in that sort of medium intensity range, I'm basically just like stressing out my body in all the worst ways. >> Like the inflammation, it's just not good for my body necessarily. If I don't do vigorous enough exercise, then that's also bad because nothing's going to break and therefore build. it's nothing's going to adapt, nothing's going to grow. >> If I do it for long periods of time, really anything for long periods of time, that's also stress. But the key thing to do is to do shorter, higher intensity exercise that will cause my body to adapt, but won't put it into that inflamed stressful state. >> And you also have to pepper in some lower intensity work. So this is your >> flexibility. >> Mhm. so that you have recovery, you're getting u blood flow circulating, you're tapping into some mitochondrial work so that you are still getting benefit of exercise but it's not in that modern intensity. So that's what we mean by polarizing. So if we were to talk in like the zones talk that everyone talks is out there, right? We're looking at >> what is zones? >> So if we're talking about heart rate and the way that your body works, we have zone one, which is just sitting around, you know, like you're Yeah, >> we're in zone one. in zone. >> Zone two is the bro science kind of thing where you're like, let's let's work in this zone two area where we're working. >> I was in zone two when you were talking about menstrual cycle. >> Okay, there you go. That's it. A little elevated. >> Your heart rate's elevating. Still a little bit have a conversation. Um, for women, it's good for recovery, stress release. For men, it's good to improve metabolic flexibility. When we're looking at zone 3, four, that's the area you want to stay out of unless you're specifically training for something that requires you to be there. So that would be your half marathons, your endurance races, that kind of stuff. >> Everyone wants to stay out of zone >> 3, four, during cuz that's the medium range, right? >> Yeah, that's medium range. >> So you want to jump into zone five, hang around for >> five, six. Yeah. >> Okay. A couple of minutes and then get out of there. >> Yeah. But in a week, this is what >> Yeah, let's be clear. So, >> two to four days a week, you should be lifting progressively to lift heavy, meaning um heavier weights, fewer reps, right? One compound lift a day, plus the augmentive lifts that go behind it, right? So, you're warming up first, then you're going to do one lift, and then you're going to do your jumping or your balance work. The other days of the week you will do preferably low intensity doing anything. Walking briskly down the New York street could count as that. It's it's continuous motion. And then a couple days a week add in your sprint intervals, your really high zone five six high intensity. And then when you've got that, you can add in your 4x4 V2 max on one of the other days because it sounds like a lot, but when I work with non-pro alathletes, I layer on behaviors. >> Absolutely. >> Because if I say all of this at once, >> nobody's going to do anything. >> I always describe it as we have these pillars, right? First, we have to nail sleep. Doesn't matter who you are, you have to because you cannot >> sleep is non-negotiable. >> Yeah. We cannot invoke any kind of metabolic or body composition change without adequate sleep. Also improves stress resilience. Then we look at nutrition and physical activity. The behaviors that go with both of those are somewhat independent. You have some people that are more motivated to do physical activity and some people who are more motivated to change nutritional habits. Most of the time they're two different personalities. So we have to look at what comes next. And then we also have which isn't lesser importance but often neglected is the mindfulness and community. So this is being out in nature. It's connecting with friends. Might be going to a group exercise class. It might be just having coffee but that is really really important for parasympathetic and whole like whole being response. Exactly. >> So there's a new book out um coming out called Joycepan. I don't know if you've spoken with her. So she's a gerontologist and works with the very elderly and she has a very specific, >> you know, what determines who's going to kill it in that last decade of life. And >> that community part using your brain, you know, having interactions with human beings seems to be the key. And if you don't keep that going through this 40s, 50s, 60s, when you get to 70 and 80, you're not going to have a great end of your life. >> What about the last phase then? So someone's post menopausal, >> does their exercise recommendations change at all? >> We like to start the habits early and continue them through. If you haven't started, it's not too late. As we're seeing like with Lyftmore and some other of the older age resources coming out, it's never too late to start. We just have to be very careful of how you start to have support and phase you into these different exercise mo modalities. >> Is it the same exercises though? meaning >> you know the three days a week the mobility the strength >> I am firmly postmenopausal and I am doing all these things >> but it's different different people always ask me what does heavy lifting mean >> right it's relative >> it's relative my heavy is not going to be Stacy's heavy or I should say it the other way Stacy's very heavy is not going to be my heavy >> in lift more they just the authors describe the one the one rep max and so one rep max is like safely what is the heaviest you can do one rep, you know. So, for a bicep curl, what is the heaviest weight I can do one to fail? You know, I'm going to fail after this one. And for me, that was about 20 pounds >> with good form. >> Exactly. Safely with good form. And so, I could nail 20. And so, then they took them down to about 70 80% of that. Um, which for me was about 15 16 pounds. So, that you can usually do about five reps before you hit failure. And that is what they consider lifting heavy. That seemed to really resonate with my followers to understand what that meant. >> And there's so many women that underestimate their strength. >> See them and they gravitate towards the 10 lb dumbbells. It's like, put that away. Go to the next one. Do a couple of lifts with that. And then ideally, I want you to put that away and pick up the next one cuz that's going to challenge you. Because women have been so conditioned to do 10 to 15 reps to get quote toned and not really put in the work they need to to build muscle and to get the benefit out of strength training. And I always telling women, you're underestimating yourself in so many facets. Don't cheat yourself with the strength training as well because people have to remember what we're what we're training for now. It's different than I had a woman recently say, "I was taught to do biceps curls five pounds 30 times." Well, after 30 times, not only are you bored, but you'll probably be at failure 30 times. >> That will build endurance. I am training to be as strong as possible. And when I'm a when I have strength down, then I start playing with tempo so that I could build replace some of the explosive muscle fibers that I'm going to lose over time. to your point wonder I um just been writing my book in Cape Town as I was I told you before we started recording and one of the studies that I read about while I was writing the book was a study done by some a guy called Hal Hersshfield and his colleagues where they asked they put people in these MRI scanners and they asked them to think about a famous celebrity and then they asked them to think about themselves today and then they asked them to think about themselves in 10 years time and in 10 years time the same brain regions lit up as if they were thinking about the celebrity >> which kind kind of led them to conclude that in our brain we almost see our future selves as a bit of a stranger. >> Yes, that's right. >> And so when we think about long-term planning, this is in part why a lot of this advice is often most effective when it's put in the context of like short-term performance or cognitive benefits because we really do struggle to like care about ourselves at 90. >> And we I think we all kind of think we can just I figure it out later. I think what's different for women, especially in menopause, is because we're also taking care of our parents in so many ways. You know, we're in this like raising kids, going through our own hormonal upheaval, and then watching our mothers, our grandmothers, our aunts age. And we, the way society is set up, women become the caretakers of their parents, generally the oldest daughter. And I have to give full credit to my sister who lives in the same town as my mom and is a nurse. So, she really is bearing the brunt of taking care of mama because I'm living this life. So, thank you Leah if you're watching. It is such a tremendous stress, you know, and so our motivation, my sister and I, is like >> we don't want to do this to our daughters. >> Exactly. The other thing I want to bring in is the brain health component, right? We talk about Alzheimer's and dementia and one of the reasons I really preface doing highintensity work is the lactate production because we're finding more and more research coming out um showing that part of the development of dementia and Alzheimer and the plaque is a misstep in brain metabolism. So when we're looking at brain metabolism and the brain uses a lot of glucose, it also uses lactate. Now for women, we have less of the glycolytic or lactate producing fibers and we tend to lose those with age. Men are born with more tend to hold on to them more. So it's not necessarily as big an issue for lactate production. Men need to spend more time in the low intensity being able to produce more of our fat burning capacity. But for women, doing that highintensity work and being able to produce lactate to then allow the heart and the brain to use that preferential fuel feeds forward to reducing the misstep in this brain metabolism component that occurs and it's such a sex difference. We're seeing a a change in glucose metabolism in and around perry menopause into menopause. M >> so it's that lactate production that I is kind of the offshoot of the highintensity work that's super important for brain health as well as >> when you look at glucose metabolism in the brain I'm talking specifically coming out of Arizona and and from Lisa Muscone's work and they looked at glucose utilization in the brain especially the forebrain through the transition it's wildly different based on what phase of pmenopause menopause and postmenopause that they're in. And it's it's absolutely astounding. And they're seeing patterns that can give clues that may be the women who are headed towards the dementia route versus those who aren't. >> And women are significantly more likely than men to develop dementia and Alzheimer's largely because they have certain unique biological risk factors and also because they live longer. Um >> and the socioultural component. I keep bringing it up because I work stress. Yeah. But also, if we're looking at women who are 80, 90 years old now, their upbringing to this point is completely different than ours. Meaning that the job availability and the brain stimulation they had when they were in their 40s, 30s, 40s, 50s, completely different than what we have now. >> Better or worse, >> worse. So, they didn't have necessarily opportunity to be scientists, lawyers, medical doctors. So, they didn't have as much stimulation of brain and and implications on that neuroplasticity. So, we're seeing a higher episodic issue of dementia and Alzheimer's in older women now because they didn't have the same lay down effect that we have now as 50 year olds, 40, 50 year olds. And this and the stimulus we have for neuroplasticity. >> Oh, so >> like you're laying down brain pathways and neural fibers. >> So, neuroplastic, think about it like the bone, but you're creating pathways in your brain to make you healthier by resilient more resilient um But but they're also going to have more stronger brain younger >> are they not going to have more stress if they're working >> maybe more hours. >> Fascinating study and this one shot me out of a cannon emotionally was if you choose to become a caretaker of a parent with dementia you have a 60% increased risk. Now there's a genetic component, but when they took the genetics out of it and they feel like it's the stress of caregiving for that parent, you are signing your own death warrant because now you are increasing your risk of death. >> Am I cuz Yeah, cuz I'm right in thinking that women are still both caregiver and now in the corporate world. >> Yes. Yep. >> So it's both. >> Stress from both ends. Lactate production for the win. Get that glucose. You have to have an active plan to combat this, right? We're not going to live in a world that is stress free. If you're a woman in the world, you are likely to have a caretaking role in some fashion, even if you are chasing other dreams when it comes to professionally. Building good brain pathways is wonderful as far as a way to help start from a higher standpoint before you have brain loss. However, we've just like we've said on these other tangents, the brain is that too. We need to think about active ways we're going to combat what is happening in today's world naturally. And some of the factors are modern society that put us into this pro-in inflammatory state. But we need to think about making lactate. What you know what's important for us? And it really is a plan. This whole I'm going to figure it out when I'm 90 and the problems in front of me is too late for these medical problems. >> So, and back to your point about neuroplasticity, we're not reading as much. We're on our phones and so not in my house. >> Yeah. And so as as a culture there's there's this worry that all this time on the phone and these dopamine hits and but not creating stories in your head and and reading for pleasure at night. You know, a lot of women are on their phones now before bed rather than developing that neuroplasticity that we get from storytelling. >> I did something at 24 years old that has had a profound impact on my life. I set myself the challenge of posting every single day on my social media channels. And at the time, I was doing it to grow my following. But it had this profound impact on my life. And two remarkable things happened when I did that. I managed to learn faster because every single day, I'm capturing what is happening to me and trying to distill it down into something that I can share with the world. But more remarkably, it led me to building a following of many millions of people. And that's the basis that I used to launch the diary of a SEO. And that's why I want to tell you about our sponsor today, Adobe Express. They are the platform that I use to make all the posts across my LinkedIn and across my Instagram. It's a couple of clicks and you don't need to be an expert and that is why I love using it because I'm not an expert in graphic design. It's accessible to use for all of us even if we don't have the technical prowess to design great things. So if you want to start compounding both your reach and your knowledge like I did at 24 years old, then head to adobe. Steven and get started with Adobe Express. That's adobe. slashsteeen. The next question that came in from the audience, we we asked a thousand women to submit their questions. The next one is, what's the best and healthiest way for a woman to lose weight? >> Lift weights. >> Lift weights >> and eat. >> And eat. Yes, absolutely. And you could have a very slight calorie deficit towards the end of the evening. >> Running >> as a way of burning calories. The problem is people think that they can out exercise a bad diet and you can't. >> Composition of your diet matters immensely. >> And I hate calling it lose weight. I now call it recomposition. >> But let me put it in context. Yeah. Go run. You're going to burn 100 calories a mile. Three Girl Scout cookies, three thin mints, US favorites, >> is 180 calories. >> My fave. >> So you have to run two miles to eat three cookies. Most of us, if you're going to eat cookies, don't eat three Thin Mints. You eat the whole sleeve. Right. To your point, it is impossible to out exercise food unless you're a high level athlete, thousand calories. >> Even then, no. Because we look at diet >> And we see that um endurance athletes who use a lot of high sugary type carbohydrate like the gels and the sports stuff, they've interrupted their gut microbiome so much that they have >> sugar alcohols. >> Yeah. Well, it's not even that. It's the fillet change. We're seeing a decrease in the diversity. Even though they're exercising and we see that exercise increases the diversity of the gut microbiome, is what they're eating during the training with the heat and hypoxic stress that is creating the growth of the fermicis fil that's associated with o obese outcomes. >> So that's it changes the gut the gut bacteria. Yeah. if they are. >> So, we have this mis Yeah, we have this misconception that if you're an elite athlete and you're burning all these calories, then you're just eating to fuel, right? But it's not. It's the quality of the diet. If we want to perform well, whatever performance means, if you're Olympic athlete down to recreational person who just wants to accomplish a 5K, the composition of your diet is immensely important. >> What about Zmp? Everybody seems to be on a Zen GLP1s. I prescribe it and our clinic is all permenopause and menopause and so we always start with let's see how you do with lifestyle changes first. So we give that 3 to 6 months. When they come back, every time they come back, we're doing another body composition chen for probably 50% of the patients lifestyle plus or minus HRT. They're their body composition changes. They're happy. They're health, you know, they're much healthier. Everything's moving in the right direction. So now we're left with the people who are doing all the things. >> This isn't the typical story of people that start a Zen though. They see it on Instagram and then a week after I'll be at their house and I'll be like, "We" and they'll tell me, "Yeah, I'm on a Zen." And it's really it's usually just someone sees it online, they hear it on a podcast, and they're on it within a couple of days. >> That access is getting easier, the price is coming down. And there is for any medication, there are risks, there are benefits, and there's ways that will promote health. And with any medication, you can not promote health if you give >> I mean, GLP1s can be revolutionary for certain people. A lot of people are not training for a 5K, let alone anything else. And we know if we go very simply, fat cells, right, they make a different type of estrogen. They're inflammatory. You have insulin resistance. And all of this sets you up at a deficit to say, "I want to get healthier." It for women, we'll say who have PCOS who already have a predisposition for insulin resistance. Gio, they have a harder time losing weight because now they're also storing visceral fat. We know they get on this cycle with hormonal change. you know, being on ozimic allows them to lose weight and combat insulin resistance in a faster way than they've ever been able to do before. And especially when it comes to fertility and you're on a timeline, that can be really revolutionary when you lose weight because that estone decreases. Many women with PCOS if they were overweight will start ovulating again because that suppression from the additional estrogen is gone and their inflam inflammation markers go down their insulin resistance decreases. So there's a subset of people who have found their life changed by them and we never want to discredit that. Many people have had difficulty losing weight, chronic medical conditions have been able to reverse them and this has been a tool in the tool box >> because about 70% of Americans would fit in that category of chronic health conditions, difficulty losing weight. >> Yeah, 73% right now are overweight or obese. >> So should 73% of Americans be on GLP once >> and was higher in women? >> Yeah. Well, we always one common thing is having tools in the toolbox and being able to know when to use them, when to offer them. Just like when we have the HRT discussion, we don't want to see people, we'll say women for this discussion, not being offered a therapeutic option because or not choosing it out of fear. >> Well, when I hear that it's going to help me lose weight >> and I've got two options. I can go out and lift all these weights, Stacy, and I can which you know, one I don't Yeah, it's hard, isn't it? go to the gym, I have to put my shoes on or all these all these things. Or I can take this injection >> and lose all your muscle and lose your bone and end up like the little floating figure in Wall-E movie that I've talked about before, right? And that's that's my fear of just blanket people using >> you're also whether you mean to or not giving the illusion that, you know, willpower is all you need to lose weight by what you said, right? I can either do these hard things or I can choose this medication which appears to be the easier way out. And two things can be true at once. People can work extremely hard. Maybe they don't understand exactly what they should be doing and that's part of what we're trying to change the discussion on. But reversing some metabolic change even initially can make a big difference in their game plan. But you will lose body weight on these medications. And so you have to have somebody you know guiding the ship. I think what we all don't love is the access without oversight. Meaning, nobody's helping you say, "How are you not losing muscle? How are you doing this in a safe fashion?" You can just text somebody on an app and suddenly have the medication shipped to your house. You know, in our clinic, it is an hourong. Now, they're coming in to discuss the GLP1 option. It is an hourong visit >> of risks, benefits, side effects, protein intake, resistance training, mandatory. We will follow your bone density. We will follow your bone mass. I mean, your muscle mass. You know, we have these scanners. >> These are great >> available. And we're not going to get to a number on the scale and sacrifice your long-term health. And my patients are drinking the Kool-Aid. They're coming in. They they've found, you know, >> they're coming to you for a reason. >> Yeah. And so, I'm a little bit unique in my clinic in that I have a social media following and people kind of watch a few things before they come see me. So, they know my they're not shocked by me giving this advice because I give it all day on social media. So if you give them the ismpeek but they still don't go to the gym, they still don't do anything else, >> then we'll stop giving it to you. >> They won't be healthy and they know that. We've talked to them about that. We've explained it on the front end that this is a tool in your toolkit because we can see their muscle mass. We won't renew the prescription if they've lost the muscle. So if you are losing weight and not lifting and eating enough protein on ompic or any way else and you do a body composition, you may see total weight lost. You will see pounds of muscle loss, you may see body fat percentage loss. But if you do this correctly with enough protein in your diet and lifting weights, the amount of muscle loss will be very small versus amount of fat loss. >> So you we know we are going to lose a little muscle, but you can't lose 8 pounds of muscle. >> Right. >> Right. So we can tell and I give them the hard numbers like 10% is acceptable. We're going over that. We're getting into the danger zone. We're going to cut back on your dose. we're going to, you know, but they commit to the the work on the front end. >> I think that's the important point is that these GLP1 antagonists don't burn your fat. They burn they stop you eating as much. >> They stop there, >> which is going to mess up which is going to reduce everything. Cuz I was thinking about myself. I was thinking, well, I I go to the gym every day. I'm going to keep going. So maybe if I had a a little bit of a Zanek or whatever it's called, >> then my it would burn my fat. But actually, that's not it's just gonna stop me eating, which is gonna reduce my muscle, my burden. >> Right. Goodbye biceps. >> Yeah, that's the that's the thing. It's like >> I'll lose my subscribers and >> Exactly. Exactly. >> Okay, that makes sense. So to this person asking what's the best and healthiest way to lose weight? The response is stop eating the cookies and start lifting some weights. Oh, >> the 8020 rule, right? So 80% of the time you're on it, right? You're paying attention to a high quality diet. You are eating according circadian rhythm. You are doing the strength training. You're getting the good sleep. And then 20% is life where I'm going to stay up late. I'm going to have some wine or whiskey. I'm going to go out. I'm going to be on vacation. So, you're not excluding all the fun things in life. If it comes to a point where you're like, I'm still not budging the needle, then maybe it's a 9010 rule where 90% of the time you're on it and 10% is the life factor. There's these hard and fast rules I've been accused of giving. I don't give rules. I give optimization ideas. So, it's not following strict 8020 or 9010. It's what fits in your life. And if you're really motivated on losing weight, the first thing I tell people to do is ditch alcohol. >> Mhm. Everyone wants to lose the the part on the belly. >> Sure. >> Is there not like an exercise I can do just to burn the part on the belly? >> Exercise burn. >> So visceral fat's a little bit different. It's like a whole different organ. So you know when we talk about visceral fat, it has different drivers. You know, we drive fat to the intraabdominal cavity. It has it creates different cytoines. Subcutaneous fat is a storage facility. It is when we overeat calories, we will drive fat under the skin. And it's kind of genetically determined. Females tend to gain about their hips and thighs. Okay. And actually that hip and thigh fat is protective for cardiovascular disease in a premenopausal women. Not in men but in women. >> And so it is so but when that fat shifts to the intraabdominal cavity, it starts that fat is metabolically active than the fat under our skin and it creates these pro-inflammatory cytoines. And then you end up in this negative feedback cycle of, you know, your liver starts becoming dysfunctional, insulin resistance increases, that drives more fat to the visceral cavity, increases inflammation, and it just goes on and on and on. >> So get liposuction. >> No, no, no. You can't lipo the viscra inside. That fat that's really inside the abdominal cavity is what we're talking about. That visceral fat, which is the worst kind. >> What about liposuction? Can't I just suck it out? People are doing all kinds with their >> under the skin. Under the skin, you can. That's an aesthetic decision. What was the stuff under the skin? >> Oh, >> lipo suction it out. Is that a good idea or a bad idea? >> No, it'll come back. >> All these things we're talking about, it sounds like a lot of instructions, and it is actually, but when you layer them on, it becomes your lifestyle. It's not a diet. It's not an exercise program. It's just how I live. >> Which brings me to my next question from the audience, which is, what is the best diet for a woman who is permenopausal? plant forward, >> plant heavy. >> Yeah. Because you're getting you're getting So, when I'm talking to patients, >> we talk about the quality of their nutrition. So, is your is your pattern of eating I hate to call it diet because it's four-letter word now, but is the pattern that you're eating pro pro-inflammatory or anti-inflammatory? >> What's pro-inflammatory? >> So, meaning the things that you put in your body, are they likely to cause inflammation? And we know there are certain things that do that like heavily ultrarocessed foods, you know, in large amounts. Everybody can tolerate a little bit of everything. But if the majority of your diet, and for most Americans, the majority of their diet is 60% is ultrarocessed foods. Okay. Those are by and large plurinflammatory. >> What about red meat? >> Red meat in moderation and especially leaner ones seems to be a a very reliable source of protein. As far as inflammation goes, it seems to be neutral in small amounts, not heavily like highfat meats or processed meats. Then you're flipping over into pro-inflammatory. >> Is there a diet for fertility? >> It's very much what we're saying right here that plants have fiber that's going to feed your gut microbiome that's going to decrease inflammation. So fruits and vegetables, getting enough fiber is the number one change that most people need to make. From there, we want to of course decrease all your ultrarocessed foods, healthy fats. Fat is the backbone of chole like cholesterol is the backbone of your steroid hormones. So if you want to make hormones, we've got to have some cholesterol, some healthy fats coming in to provide the backbone for that. That's essential. So things like olive oil, nuts, your avocados, seeds, these are going to provide some of those healthier fats that are easier to use for you. And when it comes to protein, there's a lot of different protein sources. We know that the the data is so hard on nutrition because I can quote a study that says for every serving of plant protein that you take over animal protein, you have a higher chance of ovulating regularly. And that's true. A lot of that though is nuanced by the fact that people who eat plant-based sources of proteins tend to eat other plants in general and less ultrarocessed foods than people have the highest cortile of meat intake. If we go to a micro level though, not all meat, animal meat is created equal. Animal meat does not have fiber in it. So we know it's not feeding our gut microbiome. So if we want to talk about carnivore diet, things like that is definitely not microbiome friendly for you and not hormonally healthy. So we really want to really have those whole foods, the fruits, vegetables, the healthy fats, the proteins that are going to be good sources. And just like we talked about other things, it's not all or nothing. Red meat every day is probably going to be inflammatory. Having it on the weekend is probably okay. And the way I describe this to patients is let's imagine a scale where every decision you make can kind of tick up the inflammatory marker or bring it back down. If you are making active decisions that are more anti-inflammatory, you can tolerate the glass of champagne, the birthday cake, these little things that we know will cause inflammation in your body, but your body is meant to respond to inflammation and get back to normal. The problem is when it's constantly challenged, when 70% of the things that you eat cause this chronic inflammation inside of you, your body can no longer respond appropriately when it's challenged again. >> Things that are pro-inflammatory tend to also disrupt the gut microbiome. Tend to like it all makes sense when you think about it. >> And there's quite a few studies that are coming out in the four to five years before the one point in time called menopause. So in late pmenopause that there's a significant decrease in gut microbiome digest. >> Oh, Zoe did that work? >> And it's really interesting because of the second pass and the way that hormones are metabolized. When we have uh our natural cycle and we have a an exposure of our sex hormones, yeah, the common cycle, then we have more of diversity because the gut bugs help unwind. I guess is that >> so we metabolize estrogen into inactive metabolites and then they get excreted in the feces. So it goes through the liver and then dumped into the bile. And >> does that mean that if I if my microbiome is likely to be less diverse as I age, I need to be thinking more about >> the divers diversity of your plant foods. And this is why it's really >> probiotics, probiotics, etc. >> Not over the counter. Okay, >> you first start with food, but not a pill that you're trying to take, but actually the food that you're putting into your body is the the best fiber. >> What about protein blunder? >> The way I like to approach nutrition for people is first having people notice what they're eating and then from that break it down into well, how much of it is protein, how much it is fat, how much is carbs. Without that kind of education, it's almost meaningless. So when we've done that and uh I'm making recommen recommendations for protein, we will not build the muscle we need to build. We will not get stronger the way we're capable of getting stronger. A if we're not eating enough and B if we're not taking enough protein. So the RDA recommendations of8 gram per kilogram is survival doses of protein like sitting on a chair like a mushroom >> preventing malnutrition is the goal of itable. It is not for active people. It is not for living your best life people >> eight >> the recommended daily intake >> is8 gram per kilogram of lean body mass. >> So it's low >> it's very low. So the research uh supports easily supports let's use pounds.86 grams per pound for lifting people. I recommend over a gram. A gram for ideal pound because I'm presuming that the people I'm taking care of are going to start being active, that we're trying to build muscle, that we're not in starvation mode. So 0.8 grams per pound. I recommend one um gram per ideal pound. So there's some other research that's come out looking at skinny fat. So that's normal weight obesity. So not as we're talking >> normal BMI, >> normal BMI, but internal high body fat. >> And then at the And what happens is they have low muscle mass. >> Low muscle mass. So they took >> a group of of women, split them up. So you had a control group and then you had this intervention group. And the only change they made, there's no exercise, and the only change they made was they brought the intervention group up to 1.6 grams of protein per kilogram. So >> this is8 per pound >> and over the course of 12 weeks of eating that protein intake, this intervention group completely recmped their body. So their muscle quality came up, body fat went down. Control group, of course, nothing happened. So it just shows the importance of having that higher protein intake just to support basic muscle function and the frailty data out of the WHI. So the women's health initiative looked at multiple things not just breast cancer and heart disease but you know they followed these women even off of HRT for decades. >> and when they looked at frailty scores in the elderly and protein intake above 1.6 six grams per kilogram >> had the lowest frailty scores just based on protein intake alone. >> What about fasting? I know so many people that are doing water fasts and juice fasts and it's impact. >> Have they told you why? >> I've had an evolution with the way I think about fasting. um when I first kind of you know was stepping out of the box and what's happening in menopause and why was my body composition I didn't know what to call it back then but what was all this going on that was new and all my patients were having it as well and these were my my girlfriends I worked in a small town with a big university and these were PhDs and we're running marathons we're doing all this stuff and everyone's kind of complaining of the same thing and so fasting seemed to be helpful and my girlfriends were trying we all kind of did this fasting thing and I was like super excited about it everybody felt better blah blah blah blah blah okay So, fast forward, I'm learning more about hormones, body composition, protein intake, all of these needs. And suddenly, as I'm counseling my patients, I'm realizing I can't meet my own protein goals if I'm trying to fast at the same time. And I quickly realized if we're looking at health span, if we're looking at body composition, there may not be a lot of room for fasting for these patients, you know, or for my girlfriends, you know, and it is really difficult for my patients to reach their nutrition goals. So, never at the expense of meeting your basic nutrition goals and your calorie needs. And it is really, really hard to do while fasting. So, you may get a short-term benefit with weight loss, >> but there really doesn't. Now Dr. Sims can get into the nitty-gritty of you know >> but the basic idea of fasting if we want to use the term fasting we have to look at it is are we talking about intermittent fasting or timerestricted eating. So intermittent fasting is kind of like you know your water fast your 5day 2day all that kind of crazy stuff which for the most part men can get away with and have a positive impact on body composition but women can't. If we want to talk about timerestricted eating and working with our circadian rhythm, which is optimal, then you have breakfast within or food within a half an hour of waking up that helps dampen that um geroline and cortisol response I talked about before so that everything is coming down. Your hormones are starting to work properly and your body's like great, I'm ready to go. I can I can handle this. And then you're eating at regular intervals. And I try to have people have protein and fiber at every eating interval so that they are maximizing protein and fiber intake. Then you have dinner and then you don't eat after dinner. >> Every eating interval. >> So breakfast, maybe you have a snack. If we're looking at training or exercise, if you're splitting your breakfast, then you're having some protein and carb before having the rest of your protein or more protein afterwards. And then you're having uh uh some protein and some fiber at lunch. So you're having maybe tempeh or tofu or salmon with salad or fruit and veg. So every time you're eating, you have a a protein and fiber focus. >> So timerestricted eating is within a 24-hour period. >> So you're looking at I'm going to eat during the day when my body needs it. Yeah. >> And I'm going to stop eating when I finish dinner. So I have about a two maybe three-hour break before I go to bed. So that when I go to bed, I'm not trying to digest food. my body can get into the parasympathetic responses it needs to to sleep well for reparation >> and then I eat again at what time >> when you wake up in the morning >> it's typically about 12 hours of eating and 12 hours of not so you're trying to follow that circadian rhythm and work with your hormones it can also when you do have that period of time which maybe that sounds very intuitive but a lot of people are eating at 1000 p.m. they're snacking on food, then they're trying to go to bed, and then they're getting up. When you give your body a little bit longer, so at 12 hours time is when your body will really efficiently be using up all your glucose, really dropping some of those insulin levels, but it's not so much that it's stressful. And we're using stress very generically here, but on a cellular level, long periods of fasting for women specifically can be very stressful to the body. And that's why if you think about Stacy's example of what happened in two fasting periods to, you know, a man and a woman, different things are going to happen to your body if it thinks it's being in starvation. So, we don't want to put your body in a starve state. We're just trying to give it a time period without food so that it can start to process the energy that's available differently. >> Why? Why not, though? What's going to happen? And I understand from what we talked about earlier that my fertility my my cycle is going to change. >> But is that >> well there's there's adaptive stress and then there's stress to the point of you're you're hurting yourself. >> Men can you said that men can do longer fasts. >> They can they can do longer fasts and it can show to actually you know be something that might be advantageous for them for how their body is made. Might increase their focus and some other metrics. But for women, these longer periods are actually going to promote more visceral fat storage and become And you said it a little casually, but disrupting your hypothalamus and shutting off your hormone system will cause a low estrogen state. And that's very problematic as we've talked about. So thinking about your body should not be in a starved state. So utilizing timerestricted eating meaning I'm going to eat within my circadian rhythm the hours that there is sun outside back what how your body is made to function is working with your biology. If you're saying I'm going to not eat for 3 days because I'm doing this fasting period for women that's going to induce a stressful state where you're going to start to store more as visceral fat and cause more inflammation. And if we bring it into the, you know, people holding a fast till noon or after you're phase shifting. So it's like you're having social jet lag where if you're phase shifting your hormone responses, your appetite hormones, then you're not going to get into a good sleep because your body is like it's not time to go to sleep. Your melatonin peak in women usually peaks around 9:00. So you start to get sleepy. That gets shifted to 11, 12. So you're not actually going to get good sleep because you now have reset your melatonin responses. So we want women to understand that timerestricted eating when you're not eating when in the dark is really beneficial. >> Easiest way to say it. >> Easiest way to say it. Yeah. You're fueling for your body during the day because that's when it needs the fuel. That's when we want to be able to create uh an environment that's supportive to hormone health, supportive to muscle growth, to brain health, to all the things and reducing stress when we can control that stress. So when you start phase shifting and holding fast and creating this stress on a circadian level knowing that there's a circadian response on every cell as well as a total body circadian rhythm that if you shift that then we start seeing a lot of metabolic dysfunction poor sleep and unfortunately we see this in shift workers because that's what's happening. They're having circadian shift >> and they have significantly lower longevity. They live what? I I think I heard 14 years less if you're working night shifts. >> I don't know. >> You have higher rates of infertility, higher rates of pregnancy loss. You you're more metabolically unhealthy. Of course, we're generalizing a group of people. And sometime I think we've all had moments of time of life where shift work was part of what we had to do. But night shift work, most people are not getting enough sleep during the day and they're what we call flipping back and forth, right? because you want to be on a daytime schedule on your off days and live your life that you're constantly sacrificing what your body needs. And what I tell people is you may if you can get off of that, it it will be a healthier life pattern. But in moments where it's not, you need to really prioritize trying to get enough sleep, making sure that you're taking care of yourself in the other time periods because you're set up for a place that is going to cause hormone dysfunction and impact your metabolic health. >> You believe the same. I believe >> I uh advocate uh feeding ourselves for optimum health. To be any kind of active, you must feed yourself. and um stop eating three time 3 hours before bed. >> So, what do you think of people that do these longer fasts? Do you think that they've just been given poor advice? Because I know I was talking about Mel and I know she does frequently does three-day fasts >> because I think people think they've heard this term autophagy. >> Autophagy is the term. >> Take it Stacy. >> So, this is the thing with autophagy. >> You get that with exercise. So the idea of autophagy is recycling the some of the parts of cells that have broken down or somehow become dysfunctional. So your body's really good at cleaning that out. We see with exercise, it invokes that autophagy. With fasting, it invokes that too, but not the severe fasting like three-day fast, that kind of stuff. When we're looking at the telomeir changes that people say with fasting, you get that with exercise. So telomeir is um points that we look on the DNA to see how you're aging. So we want longer telomeir length because that means you are more stress resilient. You get that with exercise cuz exercise is a big stress. It creates a a change within like we were talking about before. Yeah. Adaptive stress, epigenetic changes which improves all of those markers that people are so adamant fasting does. >> What about fasting and then doing exercise? So fasted exercise is that >> for women? No. That's what she taught me. >> For men, it I'm going to say no as well because when we're looking at the fueling mechanics of exercise, muscle is a very metabolically active tissue. >> If your body is trying to fuel itself, it's going to break down the very first thing that's creating a energetic need, which is muscle. We see in women, women, >> you're going to lose muscle. >> You're going to break it down and use the amino acids as fuel. You can tap into blood glucose and some fat, but when you aren't bringing blood glucose up through eating first, it's really hard for your body to understand that this is what you want it to do. So, it's like, okay, I need to conserve fat. I'm I don't want to go through all the glucose that I have because I need it for brain health. So, I'm going to start feeding more amino acids in to fuel what I'm doing. >> For women, we already use more amino acid than men. So, if we're looking at fasted training, then we're already increasing the amount of lean mass that our body is going to break down to use as fuel. >> I'm pretty sure it was you that told me there's this part of the brain that's kind of checking if there's energy in our blood, if there's glucose in our blood. >> That's part of our hypothalamus. >> And so, the hypothalamus is this sensor that's kind of checking. And in a woman, again, correct me when I butcher this, but if it understands that there's no glucose in the blood, then it's going to go into that survival state, which is going to start to shut things down, >> which means growth of muscle isn't going to be possible. >> Um, because once upon a time, I guess that stress without the fuel would have been a threat, especially in the context of like my menstrual cycle and my reproductive health. >> That's a good way of of wrapping it up. Yeah. It's not that we don't have blood glucose, it's low blood glucose and no nutrients coming in that the hypothalamus is sensing. So, we're looking at neuropeptide responses within the brain within the hypothalamus that controls appetite hormone uh the way that your body's using fuel. So, if we don't have stuff coming in, the hypothalamus is like, "Oh, wait a second. What's going on here?" Is it fair to say the woman's body is more I was going to say stubborn but that's a slightly negative word less flexible >> than than a man's >> more complex complex it's complex and more stress defend itself >> it's very much stress resilient so it's very defendable >> it's trying to protect you it really is looking at how what is it going to do to keep your functions happening balance in balance but because women can get pregnant and pregnancy is not a health neutral state it's a huge strain on the body >> that is an extra layer of one of the things that sometimes decides I'm going to put this to your side because I'm going to >> to protect >> keep you functioning. I want to work on all of our other body functions. We're going to shut off that side that's not sending out FSH and LH and making reproductive hormones cuz we can't afford to keep you healthy. Then we definitely can't afford to grow a baby and keep you healthy. If you are pregnant and go through times of severe stress, illness, injury, your body will eject what is in the womb through a miscarriage or, you know, early pregnancy loss or mis or preterm labor because it is always going to try to protect you first. >> So, you're at high risk of a failed pregnancy. I wonder if I could frame Mel's your question about Mel and the way I I frame all the advice whether it's research advice or internet advice is you have to know what your goal is. What is Mel's goal or your goal or because listen they're exclusive longevity if longevity is your goal like live longer at any cost well then there's a lot of research about severe calorie restriction and lifestyle and just lots of severe ways to live. Okay, if that's longevity is your goal that's your goal. If your goal is peak performance like a pro alete, that is a different kind of life and training and reps and peak performance at the pro level doesn't necessarily get you longevity. Proathletes live less, at least contact athletes live less than people focus on longevity. But the third bucket that most of us live in is health span and wellness. It's neither high performance live less time. And it's neither austerity live the longest possible. It is the middle ground. It's the homeostasis balance. And so when questions like that come up, the first question in my mind is which bucket are you in? Are you in a peak performance? You're going to do different kind of training, different kind of eating. We know you may have a decreased lifespan because of the stress you put on versus this. So, what are we working for? >> I think a lot of the people that talk about these fasts often say to me, especially when they're referring to juice fasts that it's kind of like cleaning out the system. >> They say it's like it's like cleaning house. >> You don't need to clean out your That's not how you clean out your system. >> Taking the fiber out of those fruits and vegetables, >> taking away all the things that you need. >> Juice is 500 calories of pure glucose. >> What if it's vegetable juicing? Why not just eat the vegetables and get the fiber for your gut? >> But you have a liver. Your liver. >> I think it's marketing. I think they're falling prey to marketing. And that's a big wellness trend. >> I know. But it's it's massive. Honestly, you would. Yeah. I know so many people, so many of my best friends >> going on detox wellness retreats. >> Well, even when I ask them why they're doing a water fast, they say, "I'm just detoxing." Or when I ask them why they're grinding up this fruit and vegetable and, as you say, pulling out all the fiber from it. It feels more attainable to say, I'm doing this crazy thing for 3 days, then I'm going to make a life switch to just live a more preventive anti-inflammatory lifestyle. >> Before the Diario was what it is today, it was just an idea. And it started with me, a cheap plug-in microphone, and my Mac right here. And I have to say when I first had the idea for the diary of a CEO, my thinking was that the world might want to see into the diaries of some of the most interesting, successful people really in high places that were doing interesting things. So after recording that first episode under my duvet, I sat on my Mac by our sponsor Apple and spent hours editing on Garage Band and eventually uploaded it and honestly I thought that would probably be it. But a couple of my friends said they enjoyed it, so I kept on recording. And over time, the microphone has changed and we now have this incredible setup here. But the thing that has stayed the same is I'm still using the Mac. Even today, my entire team across our studio still uses the Mac. Our first few episodes maybe had tens of people listening, but now tens of millions of people tune in all over the world, which is still absolutely crazy to me. So, if there is an idea that keeps tapping you on the shoulder, this is your sign to start. Your great ideas start on Mac and you can find out more at apple.com/mack. Have you ever heard about this before? This thing I'm holding in my hands now. This is called Ketone IQ. The website is ketone.com. You've heard me on this podcast talking about the fact that I stay much of the year in a ketogenic state, which is a highly restricted diet. And the reason I do that is plenty. One of them is I spend hours and hours talking to people for a living. So I want to make sure my brain is firing in an optimal way. And the other reason that I do the ketogenic diet is because I just feel better. So when I discovered this, which is what they call an exogenous ketone product where you can drink it and it increases your blood's ketone levels, I was blown away. I contacted them, I met them, I invested extremely heavily into their company and I've become a co-owner of the company accordingly and they sponsor this show now. So if you want to try this out for yourself, I recommend you try it. Just visit ketone.com/stephven and you'll get 30% off your first subscription order. You'll also get a free gift with your second shipment. That's ketone.com/stephven. And in terms of supplements generally, do you know, again, not to bring Melon to this for the thousandth time today, but a couple of um couple of Christmases ago, I told her that she should be having creatine because I all these people on my podcast told me it and she said, "No, it's for bodybuilders." Yeah, that's the old school thought. When we're thinking about creatine and how it got its chops in the supplement world, we're looking at muscle performance and taking five grams four times a day with some carbohydrate to enhance muscle performance is how it started. But when you start really disseminating down into the health aspects of creatine, creatine is used in every fast energetic of the body. So that means your brain, your heart, your gut, muscle, everything that requires energy from 0 to 30 seconds, creatine is involved. Women have about 70 80% of the stores of men. And when we start looking at all the different types of diets that are out there, lots of exclusionary food diets, then the intake of creatine is lower. What we're finding in the research from health perspective is that it does so many positive things when you're able to saturate the tissues to bring it up with even a small dose of 3 to five grams a day. Our liver makes about three, but we don't necessarily eat enough to help supplement all of the tissues. >> How much would it take? Like 12 chicken breasts or something? >> 22. >> Okay. >> 22 chicken breast. A lot. So when we look at the supplementation and being able to saturate all of our tissues thoroughly to support those fast energetics, we see things like better cognition focus. We see a faster recovery from small brain traumatic like a friend's daughter hit her head on the um the laundry door of the dryer and got a TBI or a small concussion from that, started using creatine, came out of it a lot faster. I mean, there are things that help with brain metatasm. We see women who have incidences with IBS or gut issues and they're using creatine. It helps decrease the symptomology. We're seeing now studies coming out about fatigue. And this is where the 38 g per kilogram of body weight or the equivalent of 20 gram if you're 60 kilos helps with fatigue and focus. Especially if you're under a lot of high stress. Because if you're under a lot of high stress, your body's going through a lot of blood glucose trying to keep up with that stress. So creatine isn't just the bodybuilding set. There's so many different health benefits and it keeps coming out with more and more research to show how beneficial creatine is. >> Could you give me the menopause supplements, if there is such a >> Okay, so in general, um, we're not going to cure menopause with supplements. Let me just take straight up. Okay. Most women are going to be deficient in fiber and most women are going to be deficient in vitamin D. And vitamin D is hugely important in multiple enzyatic processes in our body. And it's really hard to get enough through our nutrition, even eating stacks of salmon a day, which is really high in vitamin D. So about 80% of my patients are not only just low in vitamin D, they're deficient. So, that is one that we can supplement safely up to about 4,000 IUs international units is how vitamin D is measured a day without worries of becoming toxic or having too much vitamin D, which is possible. And so, usually I'm having creatine. Absolutely. It's like a go-to. And we're looking at her nutritional profile. We're looking at her fiber intake. And then we're adding in a fiber supplement if she needs it. >> Natalie, in terms of fertility, what is the fertility supplement stack, >> Percy? And first and foremost, we're going to say that if you are trying to get pregnant, which by asking fertility, we're going to presume, we want to make sure you have folic acid on board. So folic acid is the essential component, one very important part in cell division, but it's essential for a baby when it comes to brain development and spinal cord development. We call these neural tube defects. And the reason why I'm bringing it up is that there's a lot of chatter about folic acid out there, but it is the only supplement folic acid in its folic acid form that is proven to prevent these neural tube defects such as your baby being born without a brain. And interestingly, in today's world, a lot of foods are also fortified with folic acid. But these are some foods that are often processed and people are consuming less. So we are having less consumption of folic acid in our diet. Therefore making it even more important that we are supplementing with folic acid. As Dr. Haver said, vitamin D, vitamin D is essential for your entire body. But when it comes to hormone metabolism and fertility as well, we even see women who are going through IVF with donor eggs and we know they're very good quality, have lower success rates if they have lower vitamin D levels. This is something that almost everybody is deficient in. We do test and then target treatment to try to get you to an optimal level. But also omega-3 fatty acids are really important in your entire body, but especially in your reproductive years if you might get pregnant. And I often recommend magnesium for most patients as well. And then from a fertility standpoint, if you have infertility, there are studies that show that co-enzyme Q10 can be highly beneficial when it comes to egg quality. This is important in our mitochondrial health. And for the sake of the one question you asked, remember when we talked about eggs, we've got our genetic health, which is largely dependent on age. We have our metabolic health. The mitochondria from the egg controls all development for the embryo. And in fact, the cellular functions for an embryo, the first three days of life, solely come from the egg. The male genome doesn't even kick in until day three of embryo life. So the function of the egg to be able to divide and do normal cell functions is very important. And sometimes we see that reduced in infertility patients and co-enzyme Q10 is an easy thing we can get over the counter. Doesn't appear to have any harmful side effects and has potential benefits in some subsets. So my infertility patients I add that on. >> Wonder all things >> aging, performance, strength, bone. >> What is the supplement stack for for longevity? vitamin D, magnesium is critically important for a variety of uh metabolic functions. Omega-3 for anti-inflammation, creatine, I'm a big fan of. If we move looking at uh scinesscent cell load and inflammation, we haven't really talked about longevity, but scinsesscent cells are those B those cells left over from normal function that are so damaged that they can't flip into programmed cell death. So they circulate around and produce noxious um chemicals that can lead to a variety of disease. So we want to minimize those and one way to do it is lifestyle. Another way is to use an herb called fiseten. So I add that on and then also I do myself and check levels on my people of intracellular NAD+. NAD is a co-enzyme in 300 metabolic reactions. It's an it's an uh an energetic pathway. Now, it's very popular right now. And the critical differentiator for me is that taking whole molecule NAD such as in IVs, our body needs to make it. So for myself and for my people, I supplement with NMN, which is the immediate precursor of NAD+ so that my body can then turn it into NAD+ and it can work intracellularly. It can also be delivered two reactions out uh in the form of NR. These are in the B vitamin categories. So that in two reactions your body makes NAD+. So the data does not show that you can IV NAD+ for ac efficacy cuz it works intracellularly. So you supplement its precursor. >> I've heard so many people talking about NMN recently. >> Yes, that's right. That's what I'm talking about. >> Is there clinical evidence to show that it's effective? So you know those the lab that I work with uh I happen to know the scientist and he has hundreds of thousands of data points checking before NAD+ levels intracellularly supplementing and then after and he can elevate those levels >> and it's associated with longevity like intrinsically associated with longevity a lot of the the bro science I guess longevity >> well it's intrinsic intrinsically related to lots of normal metabolic function and uh energy in the body. Whether or not it makes you live longer, I don't have that data. >> Is it a tablet? >> It is a powder the way I take it. >> What about collagen? People talk a lot about collagen. It's in all the protein powders now. >> I know, but it's not a protein as we think about it. Like you'll see all these collagen protein. It doesn't count as dietary protein for muscle development. >> Does it work as a supplement? >> There depends on what you're looking >> Yeah, exactly. and Mike Orsby out of um University of Southern Florida, he has been doing quite a bit of research on collagen and joint pain um and found that there is some efficacy in taking the type 2 collagen to reduce joint pain. It doesn't help with cartilage regeneration. It doesn't help with osteoarthritis, but it does dampen inflammation and joint pain. So again, it depends on what you want to use it for. In the first episode, we talked a little bit about environmental toxins and I wanted to before we talk about sleep and close off, I wanted to just mention environmental toxins and the role they play. The term microplastics has been very very popular of late. When we talk about environmental toxins, are we talking about microplastics in the air and maybe the water? What do we mean? >> Essentially, it's anything in our world that is impacting your body and how it functions. There's a few different types, right? So, we have endocrine disrupting chemicals. These are actual toxins in the environment, in cosmetics, >> cosmetics, our kitchen, our food that change how our endocrine system works, our hormones. There's also things like microplastics like you mentioned, which are actually going to deposit in our body and can cause fibrosis even in our ovaries, therefore changing how an organ's able to respond even if it is given normal hormone signals. And then I also lump into this category behavioral toxins, right? things like alcohol, marijuana, cigarettes, the the choices that are toxic in our world as well. So that toxins is kind of a large category. There are some toxins you can control. You can try to filter your water. You can learn what is in your water so that you can say at the, you know, EWG, this is my zip code. This is what's in my tap water. What type of filter might I need to try to have healthier drinking water in my home? You can change what you're cooking with, not using non-stick cookware or teflon. you can get rid of plastics and especially what you're putting hot foods and beverages in because the heat is allowing those toxins to leak into those things. And then as Dr. Haber said, our cosmetics, things that you use every single day that you put in and on your body are things that you're having a higher exposure to. And it's really important to decrease those because things like air quality, you might not have as much control over based on where you live. And there's so many toxins in our world in general that it's unrealistic to say, "Let's avoid all of them." And because of this, we have that same mentality that we see with exercise sometimes. Well, it's just there's too many. I can't avoid them all. So, I will ignore this category because it's easier to just do nothing instead of making active decisions to start to live a less toxic life. >> What changes have you made to remove pollutants and environmental toxins from your lives? Because we're in that fertility journey. I remember I came home in one day and like all my shampoo and stuff had gone. >> Yeah. So my nice stuff is >> starting to look through your products and get getting rid of things that have endocrine disruptors in them. You want to look the kitchen is probably the greatest source of exposure for most people. So there's really no need to have any plastics in your kitchen. So getting rid of them. But many people don't think about when you do have processed foods. The wrapping, the container, anything that's coming packaged likely has toxins in it. When you order Door Dash and it comes and you have it in a container, that's often hot food in a container that is leeching chemicals into it. So, a simple thing is take it out of that right away, even if you're not eating it. Put it into something glass or a different type of container. So, you can try to minimize that exposure. Thinking about hot beverages, things that go in the microwave or the dishwasher, especially, but then other things like thermal receipts. So, getting receipts, uh, thermal receipts have BPA in them. So, getting receipts or >> receipts. Yeah. So the airline tickets or that thermal paper. So just the receipt from the grocery store when they say, "Stephen, do you want your receipt?" You can just say, "No." And then if you work with thermal paper, maybe you're a cashier and you touch it over and over. I highly recommend you wear gloves because your exposure to that thermal paper is so much higher that it can become problematic for you. >> Does it really make a difference if I take the receipt or not? You know, there's a lot of things where you can do that say that person touched receipts all day and they still got pregnant or their sperm was great or they lived a long time. We can list a whole lot of negative behaviors or habits or exposures that one person might tolerate just fine. And for somebody else, the sum of all of these behaviors add up to be something that puts them in a place that is very pro-inflammatory, not healthy for the now or for the future. That to me is an easy dec on the scale of decisions that are hard or that are easy. Trying to change the things that you're exposed to in your world. You have to spend some time to learn about it. You might have to buy some new things. But over time, those decisions are ultimately easier than how you eat, your exercise. Those those take longer commitment. And especially if you're partnered, if you live with somebody, then the foods that you eat, your sleeping habits depend on them. You both have to be together on this. So sometimes I always say toxins are to one place a thing you can do. You can look at your products. You can start to when they run out say is this one healthy for me? Should I get something that's going to have less of an impact? That one time of using very scented hand wash is no big deal. But when you wash your hands with that highly scented hand wash five times a day over and over, it is just an avenue of endocrine disruption that can add up to the litany of the other ones that you're experiencing. So we're all saying these little changes on one hand singularly probably do not matter much, but together they do. >> And there's a link between environmental toxins and menopause or early menopause. >> Early menopause, we think so. So, you know, you were born with a shelf life, a genetically predisposition shelf life on the ovary. Okay? And we don't know a lot of things to extend that shelf life cuz we have a certain number of eggs. But there are a lot of things we can do to speed that process up. So, that's going to be smoking. Women who smoke cigarettes or, you know, um even we're looking at vaping now because it's a newer thing, but definitely tobacco consumption, you know, in the form of smoking. We see earlier menopause. um the so there was this incredible study where they looked at women who were sexually abused who then had children who were sexually abused went through menopause I think nine years sooner so and it's the only study that looked at this and it happened to be the stress they looked at was sexual abuse in the mother and the child and so they went through menopause nine years sooner so there is a component of emotional stress and long-term chronic emotional stress >> it does cause chronic inflam- And the ovaries are highly sensitive to chronic inflammation. We know that BPA exposure has shown that if you have a higher level of BPA exposure, you have lower ovarian reserve, meaning less eggs in your ovary will go into menopause earlier. And >> what is BPA? >> BPA is one of those environmental chemicals that we're exposed to largely through plastics, but it's also one that's in the thermal receipt paper that we're trying to avoid our exposure to. And that's where some of the data even when it comes back to food where soy intaking soy products can actually be very protective because it combats BPA. So how it works. So when people say, "Oh, you shouldn't have tofu. You're a man. Soy is so bad for you." That's actually false. And we found that people who had greater exposure to soy products actually had the lowest level of BPA and improved reproductive performance because of that. So there's definitely correlation with these toxins in our world and we might say, "Oh, is it linked to menopause? Maybe nobody's done that exact study, but it absolutely is. If you have lower eggs at an earlier time period, >> that's going to give you an earlier menopause going." You know, the flip side of fertility is menopause. So, >> and lastly, I wanted to talk about sleep. >> Well, it's all of our favorites and we're doing it last. >> So, yeah, Vonda, I've heard you refer to sleep as the pillar of everything. Mhm. >> And I say that because we think sleep is just passing out like we're not conscious. Well, that may be true from a from a uh our viewpoint, but it is the most regenerative period in our day. Actually, the brain is processing information, getting rid of toxins. The body is able to uh settle and again get rid of toxins. But many women in midlife have completely disrupted sleep because estrogen is critical. Yes, 80% very high. Um, estrogen is critical for uh sleep patterns. Um, many women wake up at 3:37 or thereabouts either with a plummeting blood sugar or that seems to be around the time in the middle of the night that the sleep disruption has. So this broken up sleep, if you don't do it, then all the lifestyle things Stacy and the rest of us have been talking about are nearly impossible to do if you're underreovered. And so I have made after nearly 11 years of not sleeping because of training and child a religion almost like I am dedicated to this function. I do not eat 3 hours before I go to sleep. Uh, it's one of the primary reasons that I made the decision to stop drinking alcohol because that completely disrupted my sleep. And I am more conscious of circadian rhythm than I've ever been in my life. Meaning I go to bed when I'm except except probably when I'm traveling, but at the exact same time every night, but more importantly get up at the exact same time every day to start my circadian uh day. um and to start my adenazine usage so that by 9:30 at night I'm ready to rest. It's that important. >> A woman's guide to a aging with power. Unbreakable. >> Yes. Unbreakable. >> And central to that is circadian rhythms and sleep, >> right? >> Yeah. It is because the premise of this book is that uh women are already winning the longevity race but we suffer longer and we have this vision of women aging which is usually a vision of frailty. But through the mindset changes through the behavior such as sleep and lifting and considering hormones we can age in a different way. So I'm trying to re-educate the world that a woman's destiny is not frailty. A woman can age powerfully but not if we sit around and wait for time to make us its victim. We must be proactive. And sleep is one component of that. This should be the very first thing you do. Sleep sets the stage for your entire day. It's really that foundation of your health. If you are going to start the day in a sleep deficit, you're starting out stressed, inflamed, insulin resistant. There's going to be no behaviors you can do during the day that are going to overcome the deficit. And we know that women who get less sleep, they take longer to get pregnant. They have higher rates of infertility. We know that men who get less sleep have lower sperm parameters and lower testosterone levels. So if we are saying you Stephen, you know, what's one thing you might be able to do? Well, are you sleeping well? That's one of the first things you can start to do to say, am I getting 7 to N hours of good quality sleep? That's not just time in bed because Mary Cla has her phone on her. That is actual sleeping time. And that makes a huge difference in trying to achieve, you know, a hormonal health, which is really what we're all saying here is how do we get our body in the best quote unquote balance that we can, which means working with the different building blocks of our body in the most optimal way for as long as possible to be healthy. And even if we're not looking from a fertility standpoint, you can't invoke any kind of without adequate sleep. So that's what I mean. It's like when we're talking about the pillars and sleep being one of the first things we have to work on, you can't invoke any kind of change with >> we're not talking about ambient induced sleep. No, medication induced sleep doesn't count. >> This is not medication induced sleep. There's a huge percentage of patients out there who are addicted to these medications and it has become the only way that they can sleep. >> I've been really shocked at several of the women in my life that are between the ages of I'm going to say 35. Yeah. 35 and 45 who have like three to four hours sleep and they appear to be perfectly fine. >> They are not. They are not. Their cells are not fine, Stephen. >> Cuz obviously cuz I do this a lot. I I learned from all these scientists. But there's one partic there mean there's two particular women that I'm very close to that I actually work with in different capacities who showed me their Whoop data and would often tell me they would say I get three hours four hours sleep. And I thought there's no way because she did a 5K this morning at 6:00 a.m. So there's no way she's getting three to four hours sleep. to put a sleep tracker on her and she was getting 3 to 4 hours sleep and her restorative sleep is like 45 minutes >> but she's springing into the makeup chair next to me >> and she's all she's got all the energy I'm thinking what the hell is going on >> youth >> but I'm younger than her >> yeah I mean when I was in training I was getting 3 to 5 hours and getting up and operating but I cannot do that now >> if I got 3 to four hours I was good for the day >> how >> because I was 20 years 25 years younger >> Mhm. M >> I think we all got through like I was telling some of my earlier years >> breastfeeding mother is getting 3 to four hours you know that is part of the wow we're built we can function but age will take that resilience away from us >> because permenopause causes sleep fluctuations as well that because of the change in hormones right >> exactly >> and are women just assuming that's normal and rolling with it or is it okay >> I think we have more at public education about how important sleep is and and the number of hours you need and the quality of the sleep. So, I think years ago it was their normal and I'm just going to keep going, but now they're coming in saying, "This is a problem." >> I need help. >> And I would be interested to see your glucose monitor. >> When you first used it, because that's how we can kind of navigate sleep, too, is showing hypoglycemic effects for women who are exercising in pmenopause and not eating enough. Melatonin is that a solution? >> No, >> it can be a tool in the toolkit. Most of the time, you know, most people are taking too high a dose of melatonin, which is actually doing more harm than good. >> What harm is it doing? >> Well, it's actually shutting off part of the brain to be able to help control their circadian rhythm and then they're completely dependent upon it. And it's such an artificial induction, it's going to w wear out of their system. So your melatonin is supposed to rise, help you go to sleep, and then it falls at a rate for when you're going to wake up so that when it's lower, you're going to wake up and your cortisol will naturally rise. Melatonin can be helpful in very low doses, >> like three. Most people are taking 5 to 10. >> 10. Yeah. >> Yeah. So I often recommend, you know, the patients take maybe like a milligram, but you have to buy a children's melatonin very often for that dose of it because people are taking these huge huge amounts over the counter. You can just get so much. And so what you want to make sure is that if you're using it, you're going to take melatonin at a time where you're going to be able to go to sleep about 30 minutes afterward, too. Because people are also using melatonin and then not allowing themselves the restful moment when it's trying to kick in and then they're taking more or they're staying up later and they're suppressing their brain's ability to make their own melatonin. >> One of the questions we had from the audience was from a young girl that said, a young woman that said, "I'm 24 years old and I struggle so much to fall asleep. How can I fix my sleeping naturally if I have disturbed set circadian rhythm and especially during my menration my sleeping pattern seems to get worse. This one would be interesting to see like what is her daily like what are her daily habits if we can kind of bring calorie intake and all those things back into the day so she's not phase shifting and then use things like eltheanine which is a a nonproin amino acid that works the GABA right trying to bring parasympathetic activation back and making calm down >> yeah and seeing what is what are your sleep hygiene habits is your phone out of your room do you have um like a cool bedroom. Do you have earplugs to block out some of the extraneous noises that might partner doing? >> Yeah, sleep sleep is really a lifestyle problem for most people, isn't it? >> But magnesium can be advantageous as well, especially if you're on your menstrual cycle and you're having menstrual related sleep. So, I think that's an important thing. Well, it's just many women run low in magnesium, especially when your hormones are very low, especially when your estrogen and progesterone low, you're having, you know, contractility of your uterus, when you're having menstrual cramps. Magnesium can help counter some of that and can also help you, if you're taking it at night, get into a more restful pattern. So, um I've been working with a sleep medicine specialist um and one of the things she points out which I now discuss with my patients is listen if we're women wake up in menopause from hot flashes from night sweats and then the the relaxation we get from progesterone is gone so we can add that back in. So say we we've done all the things we've given her a touch of melatonin we've put her on hormones she is still waking up at 3 in the morning consistently. Mhm. >> She deserves a workup for sleep apnea because women disease differently than men. And men with sleep apnnea, it's a very common presentation of snoring. They're waking up the partner, you know, all these things. Women are much quieter about it. They still have the pallet that falls back and the relaxation. And that's hormonally driven for a lot of women. And so they're becoming hypoxic in the middle of the night from you know that's one of those side effects of of having sleep apnea is you stop breathing and you lo your oxygen levels decline you become hypoxic but we are not recognizing it in women more than 50% of women are going undiagnosed and are living shorter lives having more Alzheimer's because of this. So if I have a patient coming in and we've done everything and she is still consistently getting up I'm sending her for a sleep apnea evaluation. M I've also been reading literature on um CBT, so insomnia CBT that they've done with a lot of veterans and shift workers and that seems really interesting >> to help them fall back. >> Yes. To break the pattern because your body and your brain learn that wake up pattern. So if you can reset it, >> then that's very helpful as well. >> What is the most important thing we should have talked about that we didn't talk about? Dr. All right. >> I think we covered an amazing array of information, but what I want women to walk away from this is with there's that there's a hope >> for feeling like themselves again. >> Yeah. and that they are worth investigating to the ends of the earth to find the answers they need and not simply giving up the first time somebody says no to them or doesn't hear them when they say that they don't feel like themselves. They must continue to pursue it. And number three, that they are worth the work that it takes to age with power. Beautifully said, Octavia, >> you really kn do need to be the CEO of your own healthcare. Um, we have a medical system that was not built to serve the aging woman. Um, after reproduction ends, it's just we become small men with rust and uteruses to quote Dr. Sims. >> And you, it's okay to educate yourself. It's okay to read the books. It's okay to go in educated with checklists and you're going to probably have to do that and to go find someone who's educated in the health of women after reproduction ends. And that could be your internist. It could be family medicine. But like there's no no one owns menopause life after reproduction ends. You know, no specialty really owns it. And so you are going to have to quarterback this a lot of it yourself until you find the right partner in this care. But it is worth it. >> Beautifully said as well. Yeah, I think when it comes to your health journey, nobody is really responsible for it except you. But there's this idea that we should wait until things are wrong to then go get them fixed. And what we are all trying to do across the spectrum of you know women's health and their lifespan is to say many of these things if we start focusing on them much earlier and take a preventive approach which is often against some of these recommendations about when you should screen or when you should do testing. But if we say, well, what is best for you as an individual? Focus on setting up a life that is going to help prevent some of these diseased outcomes. Start testing things earlier. You're going to be in a position of power to make the decisions that are right for you from a place of education and not be left making them out of fear or misinformation or not knowing because when it women will go through these stages. Time will make your fertility decisions for you if you do not. that that's a fact that your ovaries will stop functioning. You will go into menopause. So, we need to both prepare for our reproductive years, optimize our fertility the best we can if that's a life goal for us, but to realize that it doesn't stop there. That you're have to prepare for the next stage of the journey and what that's going to look like for you. But the steps to take care of yourself start well before if you're able to. I look at the the research and the health outcomes right now for women and it is a very confusing space. So I always preface with the fact that I want women to be empowered and how do you do that? You can't Google things and find out. So it's asking questions. It's sharing information. Most of all taking up the space because you've earned it. I get so tired of the rhetoric that women should be small and demure and be like a delicate flower and things are happening to them that they can't control. I want the narrative to shift. I want people to say I own the space. I'm taking up the space and it's my I don't like to use the word right because it invokes a lot of angst. But it is your ability to understand your own body and advocate for yourself that's going to allow you to take up that space and get the answers that you want. I've been advocating for so many women, myself included, and the push back that you get from the medical society is real. It's not that they necessarily are trying to gaslight you, but it's just a product of the system. So, you do have to push those boundaries. You do have to ask those hard questions. You do have to go in prepared to have that push back, but take that space because everybody deserves a place at the table and women's healthcare is being shunted in a way right now that is really unacceptable and we need to have ground swell movement to push back. >> Thank you all so much. >> Thank you. >> I really mean that. I I'm thanking you on behalf of the many millions of people that are probably listening to to this conversation um because you know your conversations on this show have delivered more than 30 million downloads between you so across YouTube and across audio. I was looking at the numbers and it's staggering and you think about the impact of reaching potentially 30 million people just on this show in long form and then their friends and then their family and then the advice that they give to everybody they know and that domino effect is causing this wonderful ripple across the planet and it's turning the lights on in different households and within families and amongst business owners like myself so that we can all cater to the the plight I guess of women's health in a more effective way cuz you know even as a man I've learned oh god so much from you for >> great >> and the impact it's had on my life through improving how I show up for the women in my life but also the the way that I'm able to respond and support my partner, my sister, my mother in difficult times has been profound and I think some you know and well done to all the men that have listened to this conversation and have gotten to this stage because I know you don't kind of you often don't think it's a problem that you're going to deal with but when 51% or 52% of the planet are women is going to be a huge part of your life whether as a as you having daughters or sisters or or mothers and through all of the work that you've done I've been able to understand the women in my life better and actually that's protected my relationships and if it's protected my relationships it's protecting me and um I've really noticed that I've noticed how I've changed especially through understanding the menstrual cycle um how I treat treat my partner but but it's you four you are like the avengers of what you do. You're the you're the very best in your industries and um >> drink it. >> I highly recommend everybody goes and checks out. I'm going to link all of your books below. Uh Unbreakable, the fertility formula, the new menopause. I believe you've got a new book on the way >> The new permenopause. I'll link that as well if it's available for pre-order and raw, but also just your you'll make content, have Instagram pages, and have websites. So, all of that will be linked in the description below. And if you want to go deeper on these subjects that we've talked about today, then those are the doorways into a a deeper understanding. I appreciate you all so so much. >> We've been for what 9 hours now and uh >> I'm sure it's a lot of people. So >> thank you. Heat. Heat. N.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [609 likes]: If you enjoyed this episode consider sharing with a loved one, this is one of those conversations that needs to reach as many people as possible. 

Also, if you could do me a favour and check you’ve subscribed 🙏🏾 that’s the simple and easy way to help us bring you more of these conversations , appreciate you all 👊🏾
  2. @daniellefiore93 [1 likes]: This awesome. I'm a 55yr old Ironman athlete. So helpful.
  3. @gracedash7231 [1 likes]: I used to like DOAC, but these "experts" have not dealt with weight problems.  I need guests who have walked the walk, know the struggle, have personal lab results that demonstrate these findings.
  4. @KikiRuss [1 likes]: I totally agree with the request of having guests that address post menopause issues
  5. @tinabaugher4879 [1 likes]: Im confused some people on this show say fast fast fast in menopause and to help burn fat dr mindy pelz says this but then others like this episode say dont fast it causes the body to store fat theres too much contradictory information out there which is correct?
  6. @jocapena8749 [1 likes]: I love love this panel, I found myself looking for answers on my own for my own symptoms and I resonate with most of what all these beautiful doctors are teaching, gaining weight loosing weight, loosing muscle etc...I'm still learning about my own body and giving me grace and patience to keep making healthy choices to age graciously and with physical and mental strength ❤🔥👏👏 will definitely share!
  7. @apacatunda: All the best ever. I will surely listen to the is many many times besides sharing it as well!
  8. @FrancineMagliarditi: methylated Folic Acid
  9. @FrancineMagliarditi: Juicing... Jack LaLanne -- Born 1914, Died 2011. Looks like some of these women forgot about longevity and juicing.
  10. @olmar1501: Pleaseeeee, do a Russian audio as well.) let us live in a healthy and enlightened world… please!❤❤❤
  11. @alisonholtom160: Brilliant podcast Steven and team!!!
  12. @carolynlewis9680: OK, so I’m a subscriber to your channel. I’m wondering why you didn’t have not one black female doctor represented for the African-American race
  13. @CatherineCScowenLonghurst: I know SO many vegans and vegetarians who mostly eat ultraprocessed foods, doretos with quorn mince chilli, plant “chicken” nuggets, oat and almond milks made from seed oils, I can’t believe “plant” diets necessarily means healthy
  14. @Nabadziba: Many people, including me, can truly not tolerate fiber and this is not acknowledged at all here. What is said is way too absolute, certain, and doesn't fit everyone. Fiber can ferment in the gut in the wrong places, causing pain which causes insomnia, and if you have slow stomach emptying, fiber is really creating huge problems too, and you can certainly not train yourself out of it by eating more fiber, which I tried to do for about two decades. I'm a 43 y old woman and have been ovulating regularly for ages without eating plant protein, although I really wish I could. I think the data on nutrition is too uncertain to make bold claims and I've worked with nutrition data collection myself.
  15. @daniellefiore93: You guys are amazing
  16. @pranjalighude007: It is one of the best videos every man and woman should listen!!
  17. @ktjomeyers: I love Marie Claire but she sure wants to control the conversation 😢
  18. @lisabrazell8246: Brilliant panel of women! Listening!! Passing this on to my family!
  19. @magdaernestinaolmedozurita2805: Me ha encantado este podcast. Muchísima buena información! La he compartido con mis amigas, hermanas, sobrinas, etc.
  20. @lisabalabas2305: Where's Dr. Mindy Pelz? She should be on this panel AND Dr. Gabrielle Lyon.

- The BEST Diet For Women OVER 40 To Lose Weight is Keto. Here's why.: Kind: captions Language: en Losing weight after 40 isn't just about exercising more and eating less. It's about working with your hormones, not against them. And that is exactly what keto is helping you to do. Today, I'm breaking down how the keto diet can help you balance your hormone, get sustain energy, and break down fat without the burnout. Let's dive in. As we hit our 40, key hormones like cortisol, insulin, progesterone, estrogen start to shift. And this makes it easier to gain weight, especially around the belly area and a lot harder to lose weight. Insulin resistance become more common. Your body doesn't process carbs the same way it used to. Blood sugar spikes leading to insulin resistance, making it harder for your body to access fat to burn as fuel. Energy crash and cravings increase. If you feel like you're constantly tired, craving sugar, and having brain fog, it's not all in your head. It's your hormones at play. So, how does keto help? Keto works with your hormone. One of the biggest benefits of the keto diet is that it eliminates blood sugar spikes and crashes. When you eat a heavy carb meal, such as, let's say, pasta or dessert, um your blood sugar spikes quite quickly, giving you a boost of energy. But then it also comes crashing down really quickly, and that's what leaves you with the sluggish feeling of tiredness and the 2:00 p.m. dreaded crashes. Keto helps maintain a steady blood sugar level, which reduces cravings, improve mental clarity, and your level of energy. Keto also balances out insulin levels. When you eat a lot of carbs and sugars, your body relies on glucose as a source of energy. But when you lower your carbs, such as on a ketogenic diet, then your body is forced to go looking for a different source of energy, and that is fat. The fat on your body, that metabolic switch does two powerful things. First, it takes your body out of fat storage mode. Second, it transfers it into fat burning mode, which means that your body is going to look for a more level source of energy in the form of your stored fat, and that's what we want. By keeping insulin low with keto, you create the perfect environment for fat loss. The ketogenic diet helps you to be fat adapted, which means a more level source of energy. When your body becomes fat adapted, it no longer relies on quick sugar fixes for a source of energy. Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. Instead, you efficiently burn store fat for fuel, providing you with a stable and reliable source of energy through the day. No more energy crashes, no more needing that caffeine boost mid-afternoon. Keto also unlocks your fat burning metabolism. One of the biggest challenge that we have as women over 40 is that our body seems to become resistant to wanting to burn fat. When you're on a high carb diet, your body will prioritize burning glucose over fat. But when you switch to a keto diet, you're training your metabolism to burn fat for fuel. That's what we want. This means that you're not only losing weight, but that you are reprogramming your body to be a fat burning machine, even at rest. Keto also helps balance your hormones. Long gone are the days of low-fat diets. They made us eat more sugar and messed up our hormones. I'm here to tell you, don't fear healthy fat. They're your new best friend. For years, we were told to avoid fat. The truth is healthy fats are essential for hormone production. Without healthy fat, your body struggles to produce estrogen, progesterone, and other key hormones for your metabolism. We should prioritize healthy fat like avocados, olive oil, coconut oil, grass-fed butter. Keto also focuses on nutrientdense food. It's not just about cutting carbohydrates. It's about fueling your body with the right nutrients. Prioritize high quality protein if your budget permits it. So, grass-fed meat, pasture-raised eggs, wild cut fish. These food provides essential nutrients that helps to support hormone balance, a good metabolism, and they create society. Getting started on a keto diet can feel overwhelming, but I've made it easy for you. I've put together a free keto meal plan for women over 40s. It supports hormone balance and promotes weight loss. It includes delicious recipes that take the guesswork about what are we eating tonight. And it comes with a grocery list to make your shopping experience easier. Also, click the link in the description bar below to grab your free copy and start seeing the fat melt away. So, if you've been struggling to lose weight after 40, it's not just about eating less. It's about balancing your hormones. And keto is one of the best ways to do that. If you tried keto in the past and felt like it didn't work for you, you're not alone. Don't give up just yet. The truth is, most women after 40 makes a few common mistake that really stall their weight loss. In my next video, I break down three top mistakes that stops you from seeing results and how to fix

- Dr. Berg’s Healthy Keto Success Stories: Kind: captions Language: en I wanted to create this little video to first thank you so much for watching all my YouTube videos I really appreciate your wonderful comments your attention I know that's valuable but now I'm going to switch gears and I want to talk about you and your success now recently I've had just an overwhelming amount of amazing success stories come in that I want to show you these success stories are not only mind-blowing and life-changing but from the heart check these out in 2016 got off there gained a lot of weight back it was dr. burbs videos that I found that helped me get my life back on track after gaining the weight back I was diagnosed good morning with pre-diabetes about six months ago and we noticed that I experienced something called the Don effect with my fasting morning glucose and I started keto about a month ago and I've already lost about fourteen pounds and I'm off medication for that early I used to be like the zombie in the day whole day and even ordered your supplement from Amazon India at price rate but your goblet formula has helped me a lot for digesting the facts and it has even helped my son as his bloating and all issues so we keep on ordering it again and again thanks a lot for saving your life stress will never end but keto is helping us to fight with stress I was battling a very deadly disease and I changed the way I ate following doctor birth for over five years and I'm totally fine I'm helping a lot of other people dr. Berg and his shelf poquito and intermittent fasting passing version literally changed my life I lost over 40 pounds in less than seven months and on top of that I managed to finish the Ironman which is the single hardest sports event in the world lost 370 pounds Aikido in two years I lost 346 I'm 28 year old at 220 pounds I've been doing heat on intermittent fasting for over a year and this actually fix my menstrual cycle and I'm now pregnant I've been with you for over a year okay and I've lost I've lost all the weight that I want to lose which came down to a hundred ten pounds and I mean he was changed my life I lost 120 pounds on the keto diet and it's been incredible I'm so happy I'm so much healthier my family is better I have four children so I just I feel like a million bucks now and I can walk I've quit medicine which is 2017 and all the think is to go in the first place then the guidance of the top corporate who guide us to this success thank you very much first of all thank you so much I'm 76 years old in Aikido for a year grandmas in fasting was four inches in strategic places and 55 Wow I'm 73 years old I have lost 62 pounds eight months and three weeks wow that's great Linda hi my name is Anita I am doing keto since January 2019 I have lost total of 58 pounds my starting weight was 190 currently hundred and thirty two my height is five seven I am almost 40 years old but I feel like I'm 20 I'm 1 year and a half in a keto diet I already little 78 pounds and I get my keto coat certificate and I'm very happy because I can share this with more people with my family and more people I killed my fatty liver I don't have anymore pretty awareness no cholesterol no try glitters so I'm very healthy now and sharing with other people what I learned with from dr. Burke I started this journey on January 14th of 2019 this year and my husband made me this book because he's very proud of me and I've lost ads of this Friday a hundred and 7.7 pounds no exercise no surgeries nothing I got into it mostly because I recently got diagnosed with ALS in January 2017 so I was doing it more for health reasons instead of weight losing weight well welcome following you for about a year now and we started the program for my husband he is diabetic boy is working out it's only been a week but it's working out fabulously for him he has not taken any of his short I'd be acting insulin but she takes in the day and then he takes a long-acting at night haven't taken an T during the day I really want pork or with Vegeta when my husband was diagnosed with diabetes in January whose blood sugar was 600 he should have been passed by it was like almost in a coma state the doctor of course shouted with insulin and gave them sentiment that Foreman and I said no way so in three weeks I had him down to 100 I'm calling on behalf of my husband who's at work today but he is about 70 pounds down in weight loss he's type 2 diabetic your information and health has changed our life I've been diabetic and I stopped taking my medications because I found you and I found all your good stuff that I've been doing I've been having real success with numbers and everything I really appreciate it dr. Berg being straight into the point not drawing out his videos so long but he's so so educational in such a short amount of time I can't tell you how thankful I am that I felt found your YouTube videos this is how I learned all about pedo I value faithfully every video that you have up I wax listening to many many many many of your videos and they were the perfect size for quick snippets of information I loved every one of them I got into your videos last summer and lost about 30 40 pounds got back down there like my college swimming weight Oh feeling pretty good been going with it from from then on I just wanted to let you know that you have completely changed my entire family's life they're watching your videos and getting on keto and doctor bird you played a huge part in that the information I gained from your videos and your site helped me immensely and I could never appreciate what your information has done for me more than I do now and I can never give you enough thanks for that info keep watching dr. McDonald because I live I really learned a lot there are many videos most of them you know you can watch them for free and please get the knowledge you know get the knowledge and then it's up to you trial individual life but get the basics by dr. Burke he's the best may have been watching your reviews on YouTube since 2005 and I'm benefiting till now their content the content is very rich in nutrition and medicine and I'm just so thankful for your videos because this but looking at finding this information out from you help me become the woman that I am today and keep don't watch your dog these videos are helping thank you so much but your resources are the most comprehensive and direct and easy to understand for people I would like to personally say thank you for your home videos on the recipes because that's what got me through I was dying thinking oh no I'm not gonna be able have dessert I'm not gonna be able to have sweets anymore but the fat bombs are awesome and we really appreciate all the recipes that you guys did and we can't think I can't thank you enough for that part of it and just one thing into dr. Burke you always feel like wow like even if you've been reading like he just always points to do you think everything that dr. Byrd said that would happen happen to me migraines went away stomach went flat birthday thank you so much for changing my life um I think chronically sick for three and a half years and my health was so bad I stopped working two and a half years ago and I found you four months ago and you have helped me tremendously so thank you oh great oh I absolutely love dr. Berg and Karen Berg I loved listening to their q and A's I thank him from the bottom my heart and I thank God for dr. Berg thank you very much for everything you're doing and bringing together all the information that we need to hear that we're not hearing otherwise so thank you thank you for all that you do and as I told Karen earlier today I'd love to see her cooked more because a lot of people want to see see some more recipe she's doing what you're doing I love it it's helped out a lot of people and we're gonna reach more and more and eventually this is going to be the everything everybody talks about meeting dr. Berg and Karen had been incredible there's such great people it was it they were so welcoming and kind and those listened to us and and gave feedback I mean it was awesome it was like he is who he was who he is on duty came all the way from India just to meet dr. Berg and just to thank him personally for all the you know education and the love and information he has for us without him we don't have all this information for free right because most of the information we'll have it for free you

  Top Comments:
  1. @caleighferguson3933 [2 likes]: Dr. Berg deserves a nobel prize
  2. @FitGirlSecrets [1 likes]: It's incredibly inspiring to see so many people transforming their lives and health thanks to Dr. Berg's guidance! This makes me want to dive in and give it a try too. Thank you, Dr. Berg, for sharing your knowledge and empowering so many to live healthier, happier lives.
  3. @KetoCookbooksCorner [1 likes]: Very inspiring success stories 👍
  4. @centralmaine87 [1 likes]: 10 years ago I started to dabble in the keto diet. I came across Dr. Berg’s videos and found the guidance I didn’t know I’d been looking for. I integrated changes one by one so that they became habit/my norms.  In going gluten free, I automatically became free of processed foods. Apples and raw almonds became my “treats”. My instinct told me that eggs are okay and this was confined by Dr. Berg. Next, I eliminated foods with added sugar and saw a dramatic change in that I no longer had to take allergy medication and body aches and pains became a rarity. Dr Berg’s healthy bread became my bedtime snack and boy it keeps you regular! Eventually I cut out my mid day meal as a mini-fasting. After I added apple cider vinegar and lemon juice (plus celery juice) and exercised regularly my progress kicked up a notch to the point I have taken off 35 pounds over the past 10 years and I don’t feel deprived of food. I’m at my high school weight. Dr Berg is my guru.
  5. @muqeetamjad8025 [1 likes]: I just saw your video very first time and have a question that I have a stage 3b kidney disease and my weight is 141 lb and height is 172 cm. My question is can I do Keto or is it good for kidney and won't make me skinny anymore.
  6. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  7. @pamholloway-jw3cz: Is this in Mexico?
  8. @kayleennepios609: Wow!! This people are just amazing and inspiring me, thank you doctor berg and your beautiful wife for all the hard work that both of you doing for the world 🌎 again thank you from the bottom of my ♥️
  9. @Olivia-W: Thirteen months into very low carb, complete remission of migraines. Acne reduced. ADHD symptoms reduced. Very rapid bone healing (had to have orthopedic surgery early this year), literally months ahead of schedule.
  10. @dgrunwald: Amazing!
  11. @yourfacevalue: Elizabeth
  12. @elkoikan5993: So far from my experience as being 200 lbs male. My first 10 lbs from 200 to 190, was only noticeable by scale, from 190 to 180 was only noticeable on clothes, from 180 to 170 other people started noticing that I lost weight and from 170 to 160 was when my abs started coming out.
  13. @louisehorton3990: I have lost 14 stone in 3 years and it's still off!  and now I can live.Before this  I had been on every diet known to man( and woman). Your video about eating healthy keto as a way of life, has given me back mine.  THANK YOU so much.
  14. @illuair472: what is a good, natural colon cleanse? Is it true we have pounds of waste in our colons? I would like to know the truth about this.
  15. @mire1390: I was experiencing episodes of reactive hypoglycemia after morning meals, after I watched the video where you spoke about how keto (low carb diet) and intermittent fasting (not eating so often) and how this will help lower insulin and regulate blood sugar, I tried it, and like in 3 days I really felt a difference, it’s been a week that I have been doing this and I don’t get those scary episodes anymore. Currently I am 171pounds with mild anemia. I will keep doing this, I want to reach optimal health . So check in again. I’ll come back for an update.
  16. @cldunston6445: Hi dr berg i read that if u have thyroid issues and a goiter you shouldn’t do keto is that true
  17. @Nunyabizness2121: Thank you for making these videos . I am new to you and your videos /work / knowledge and after 2 of them I am now a subscriber . I recently because of you cut sugar out completely with exception of fruits and what's strange is a friend was trying to tell me years ago sugar was unhealthy but you got through to me with the way you presented it plus you have a way of explaining things that are easy to understand . 
God bless you doctor .
  18. @sherylcole8627: For the 2nd time this year my A1c is a 5.5 down from 13 yay me
  19. @vivyanvian9714: Thnx for ur advicing...amazing
  20. @teroyvlogspot956: doc can you help me out everytime i eat chocolate or vinegar or something like lemon fruits and tomato paste foods or coffee i dont feel well and i vomit what should i do doc

- Keto Success Stories & Weight Loss Transformations: Kind: captions Language: en today's video we share inspiring before and after keto testimonials as I bring on four students from our keto Camp Academy to share what keto has done to transform their health warning you're probably going to cry you're going to get emotional grab a piece of tissue because these four students are absolutely incredible if you are thinking about doing keto or have been doing keto for quite some time this is going to be a really powerful video for you to watch to get inspired so you you can get similar results you're going to hear about David who joined the keto Camp Academy and what it did to transform his mental health then we bring on Sherry who was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes high blood pressure and had a whole bunch of issues like weight loss resistance and she's going to share what keto and fasting and keto flexing did to transform her health and now she's actually a health coach then we bring on Gail from Texas and Gail's going to share why she was so overweight could barely stand up for more than 10 minutes and then she discovered keto and what it did to transform her health her mindset and she is crushing it and then we end the video with Sally from Texas and Sally is a long coid thriver she had coid and it really did a number on her uh on the deathbed and she was able to get out of that and she discovered keto and it completely transformed her health and her long Co symptoms I'm excited to bring these four students on and share them with you we also have a special opportunity for you to join our keto Camp Academy only for those watching this video with over $117,000 in free bonuses and we are offering a free atome inflammation testing kit for everybody who joins this is a testing kit that is shipped to you it's a urine test done in about 2 minutes and you get a result this result is 50 times more accurate than any blood test looking at cell membrane inflammation all the students you see here worked on lowering cell membrane inflammation and that is the number one priority so we have that invite open to you for the next 48 hours but without further Ado let's get into today's video we're GNA bring on our students we're going to start with David so I want to bring on David Clark uh David has been a student with the keto Camp Academy for a few years now here's a this is a photo I found of you and your beautiful wife by the way uh he lives in Portland and he has an incredible attitude incredible enthusiasm and here is David Clark well thank you very much it's it's it's great to be here and funny it was funny because the other day when um Elina uh had mentioned to me uh that you had asked if I would be willing to come on I said you know it was like absolutely I'd love to come on and talk about my story but does that mean I have to speak in front of people so uh you know AB it's it's been a long road and and to give you a little bit of a background um originally uh I was born in Glasgow Scotland lived in Portland for probably over 40 years now and um I didn't you know obviously I was unaware of where my health was going it was very poor habits back in the day um and it took 50 years for me to get a wakeup call and what happened was uh about 10 years ago I was having some chest pain and uh ended up uh having to undergo a double bypass and uh it was it was quite shocking you know I wasn't aware of what you know what was happening at the time um but in in a in a sense it was definitely a wake-up call and I was very fortunate I didn't have a heart attack but I was having chest pains and it ended up being a result of atherosclerosis um that developed over the years um and so looking back now you know I can see that I had a family history of um you know heart disease and diabetes uh my mother suffered from Alzheimer's disease and so uh these things you know were in my my history but if you're not aware of it and if you're not if you don't understand what's going on it's it's a hard it's hard to do something about it um but eventually I did I got that wakeup call and uh it was there was a lot going on at the time too I was under a lot of stress at work so everything just kind of culminated um in in what happened So eventually uh I I realized I needed to get I needed to get the help um as far as all the stress that I was dealing with um I was actually working as a um uh administrator uh for a surgery center I was uh wearing multiple hats and just the stress itself just was um totally outrageous I should never have been in that situation unfortunately I was and tried to do the best I could so anyway long story short um I started to seek out ways to get out of the kind of a depression um I wasn't you know I I needed to I wasn't looking at therapy but I was kind of wanting to find some sort of manur uh and so I did and actually it turned out to be the best thing possible for me uh I got in with a community and uh worked through a lot of things it was a motivational kind of entrepreneurial type community and then uh from one thing you know when I connect the dots how I came across B was you know actually through uh um started with Ben or uh how Elrod and then I met chip Franks and then uh Ben was on uh Chip's podcast and that's how I met Ben but as far as being uh a member of uh keto Camp I can tell you all day how great these guys are how B and the coaches are are just absolutely amazing but I want you guys to find that out for yourself so everybody that's here in the challenge I think you've already been exposed to uh what you're in for if you stick around with keto camp and uh you know so it's so important um yeah I I like the the ancient healing strategy approach because I feel like I'm attached to you know I have a bond with my ancestry you know um they got me here I'm here as a result of what they did and and their survival and so now it's important for me to continue on that survival streak and I'm only going to be able to do that if I take care of myself uh first of all um you know I my whole idea of getting health is to help share that with my family and um it it's an approach that I have to be an example basically I can't just tell them what what they need to do and so if I live the life and they see that um and maybe some things will trigger with them and that's what I'm hoping for um don't get me wrong I'm not perfect at this I've come a long ways uh sometimes I consider myself a a four or five Center not a three Center unfortunately um you know because I do fall off every once in a while but what's really cool now is after you know spending time with with with b and the coaches is that I've kind of the gap between times where and I consider it more of a a a elongated flexing now rather than anything else kind of like flexing lasts a little bit longer than it should but then I'm always coming back to where I was and and working through things again I like the challenges um you know the our 45 day challenge was incredible I felt amazing it just and and we you were talking about the scale with John the funny thing is I haven't weighed myself in a long time because I don't want that false sense either and I know how I feel I know how you know um you know putting the you know the clothes on and everything else so I'm I'm well aware of that so in the in I'm some I'm running out of time but I just want to say a couple other things um the uh it's the big picture it's not just um we're talking about food and and nutrition it's the big picture that the really really makes a difference and for me I had to kind of explore and what I try to do on a daily basis is look at what my needs are emotionally physically um mentally and spiritually and I find that I really if I can really grab grab on to those things on a daily basis it really really makes a difference on my day and I enjoy you know every day is a blessing um and I'm not saying that from a religious standpoint either um because you know I I am grateful and that's how I was going to end up and you know I'm so uh appreciative of everything in my life and and especially Ben and alen Becky and John and I get to meet with John once a month and that in itself is worth the price of admission uh to be perfectly honest and so it's really it's really uh amazing um one other thing is that uh I'll just leave you with one of my favorite quotes was from uh Albert Einstein he says there's only two ways to view your life one is as though nothing is a miracle or as though everything is a miracle and I choose to believe that everything is a miracle and keto camp and Ben Elina Becky and John are that miracle in my life that just it's amazing they're amazing people you know the the fact is I can come on here here and feel comfortable um and know that I'm not perfect at this you know but I'm working to get better and to share with my family and my friends and I think that's what's so important and uh yeah but I I want to acknowledge you first of all thank you for what you shared um thank you for showing up I know you got to run but David we appreciate you thanks for being such a valuable member for so many years and I love what you shared today so thank you my brother we'll talk soon okay absolutely thank you very much good luck everybody I love it so what I learned from David was number one he had to go through a wakeup call right uh chest pain atherosclerosis and that brought awareness to the body that was not healthy at that time so that pain led to ownership led to responsibility and something else I learned from David is it's about progress not Perfection we don't expect anybody to be perfect we're all imperfect but if we're getting progress and we're just getting a little bit better each day that is what it's really about um the quote he gave about everything's not a miracle or everything is a miracle from Einstein I love that you know it's really a choice to see things as uh common and usual and and just blow it off or we could be like in awe for everything and think of everything as a miracle it's a great mindset David has a great mindset and that's a three perent he's called himself a 5center but he he's got a three-center mindset so thank you David we appreciate you I know he's gone but we appreciate David um we have some more amazing students to learn from today you just learned from David and now we have our next guest and her name is Sherry stepbystep keto waiting until you hear sher's story this is a photo that we took earlier this year at ketocon 2020 uh 3 and uh in Texas and I got to meet Sher her husband Deon Rick who are also the keto Camp Academy and you could see actually before I get to that you can see some more photos of me and Sherry at that time but let me bring her on and then we'll get to some of these photos and her backstory because you're just gonna be blown away there we go good to see you hi Dan thanks so much for having me on thanks for being here you look great thank you I'm wearing my blue blocker glasses I love it I'm matching me too me too um so obviously we're seeing how amazing you look now how healthy you look now this was not the case for so many years so I want you to go back into some of the challenges you had with your health some of the struggles you had and then what led you to learning about keto the keto Camp Academy and some of the changes that you made along the way sure sure so I've been a type two diabetic for approximately 17 years along with high blood pressure depress depression and anxiety and classified as morbidly obese for death decades um I was told to follow the American Diabetes Association recommendations I did and doctors contined to add more and more meds I got worse and not better uh I've had many doctors tell me that I could never reverse type two diabetes in fact a year ago uh uh my doctor refused to run all the labs that I requested for no other reason than she just didn't think I needed it she even told me that if I wanted to lose weight she would put me on OIC instead of doing keto I fired her and I walked out of her office and I've not been back well done so I battled when I say severe depression um I was put on meds for those uh those meds caused me to gain weight um and I became more depressed because I'm gaining weight and so they increased the med heads and I gained more weight and it was a VI Vicious Circle I spent about four years in a very deep hole of uh severe depression I com literally stopped living trying to eat good um yes I had thoughts of suicide um it affected my relationship with my kids and my husband thankfully he stuck with me um in 2018 I was at my highest weight and my lowest point I was around 275 pounds and I sought out a surgeon to undergo gastric bypass surgery um I did everything all the Hoops you have to jump through and it came down to we couldn't afford it uh the out- of pocket cost and again I lost hope slid backwards back into my depression and I gave up trying yeah that was that's how I looked at that point um in May of 2021 I had uh some pivotal things that happened that drove me to keto and eventually to youed so in May of 2021 I had cellulitis and I came close to dying now I want you to hear these numbers because um I had an A1C of 8.2 and say that again 8.2 8.2 8.2 and um I came out of the hospital alive right um and determine I'm G to lose weight I'm G to reverse the two diabetes I'm gonna get skinny um and I started following the American uh di Diabetes Association and four months later in September my A1C got worse Ben um and it went up I'm sorry went up to 8.4 it was 7.1 before so it got worse following what I was supposed to follow and then in October um 2021 my best friend of 30 years passed away from a heart attack she was 53 years old she was well over 425 lbs and battled a very serious food addiction along with depression when I tell you that she was unhealthy she would use her office chair to scoot around her house because she was physically being crushed by the weight when she died I knew that I had to do something different or I was going to die soon so let me tell you my struggles and lessons that I've learned in the past two years number one my excuses are bull crap then you call that stinking thinking and so two years ago I Googled keto and because of Google I was doing dirty keto um and they really are not keto friendly I would have never figured it out how to do keto correctly and I would have quit except then you had a challenge in January of 2022 and um this makes me cry but I won a Year's free membership for the keto Camp Academy which I will never express in words how much of a blessing that was from you and Elena you guys took a chance on a broken woman and poured love and understanding and sometimes yes tough love but here's the thing I was so determined to show you both my complete dedication and determination on how I would heal and then I was going to pass that blessing on to others so when I tell people that I have struggled for every single bit of progress in the last two years that understatement I am extremely insulin resistant and metabolically dysfunctional I have gone more than 10 months without releasing any weight scale didn't move I have had to look beyond the nutrition to heal I've had to learn to manage stress I've had to learn to sleep I've had to learn to ground outside and get natural sunlight and you know what my excuses are bull crap I had to quit and I mean quit feeling sorry for myself because the past no longer defines me I had to stop comparing myself to others why can Sally who you're going to meet in a little bit could release 50 pounds in a few months and I can't release any at all we're all individuals and what works for somebody else doesn't work for me and I've been utilizing the monthly one-on-one coaching available inside the academy um I've utilized uh all three coaches in fact right now I'm working with coach Becky and she actually had to take me back to pillar one because uh in uh my body now is responding successfully to a higher fat adequate protein diet because again I am metabolically dysfunctional I can't Flex it sends my blood sugars dangerously high and again what works for somebody else does not work for for me change is hard I don't like hard and I don't like change and no one does getting healthy has been hard on my husband um he never understood why I wouldn't cheat um or when we would go out for restaurants he would tell me I was embarrassing because I would order a certain way that all changed when he attended keto Con in April of this year and his attitude completely changed he was my biggest champion before but now he shouts it from the rooftops he's also reversing his type two diabetes and is off his meds so my takeaway the best advice I can give is be patient with your family because you are making some changes that they just don't understand Ben you taught us the how important our wise were an art and all I ever knew before was I just wanted to lose weight get skinny because that would fix my type two diabetes right um at least that's what the mainstream says but my why then and now is to get healthy and heal from the inside out for me and reverse my type 2 diabetes and get off all my meds for good and do the things that I could not do because my size prevented me because of my achy joints guess what I'm off my meds let's go um however it's taken me a year and nine months to get off my meds so you have to ask yourself how bad do you want to heal right I wanted it bad so when I go out now I don't look for the nearest place to sit down that doesn't happen I mean we would go into Home Depot and I would see a bag of cement and I would have to sit on it because I hurt um I have way more energy in fact because of coach John I've been lifting heavy weights and I am now bench pressing 65 pounds so it's possible you guys I have gone from a size 18 women shorts two years ago to two weeks ago size 12 shorts button and zipped awesome I have changed mentally I am no longer that person I was two years ago and I know Ben you can attest to that I have since become a certified nutritional coach yeah through the National Academy of sports medicine and I privately coach others on their Journey yeah look at that picture I am also a co-host with Coach Becky Niles on YouTube called healing the whole body I am not the typical person you see on social media who's released a ton of weight in a short amount of time however Ben and Elena kept urging me on telling me I had a story to tell so I did it um and you remember our conversation at ketocon Ben and I put myself on social media and you can see my struggles and successes look I am just a 55-year-old menopausal normal woman who is showing anyone that you can have that determination and result to succeed in your health Journey you guys can find me uh on you can see my Instagram here and watch my progress because I am metabolically dysfunctional my body needs a lot of time to heal and I'm still healing this is not a about losing and releasing weight that's not what this is about um I had to stop weighing myself I know the story of what happened there with the scale yeah so I don't know how many months into uh when I uh started with uh the academy what three months maybe yeah and um my husband one day he's like that's it I because I was whining about what I weighed I was weighing myself daily he took the scale he took it out in the garage he put it down in the garage and it fell over and it busted and I remember thinking oh my gosh what am I gonna do what how am I gonna and I realized oh my goodness I was beholding to that number on this scale and it was a blessing that it fell over and broke um I did go buy another one later all right but um I don't get on it very often um I take measurements and I take pictures and I compare them because that's the eye openening part because when I don't think anything's happening and when that scale shows me you're not releasing weight I'm shrinking and you can see it in those side by side uh pictures yeah let me show it here okay so here's uh one of them a huge difference here but here are some others um with you and your lovely husband and both of you look amazing by the way uh this one this is a telling one right here you want to talk more about this one yeah um so the the picture where I'm large um that is actually a professional photo um I was a professional actress and I look like that and I can get a lot of jobs but I got some but uh the other one was a number of months ago and yeah I mean look at that 2018 to that was about four weeks ago when we were in Florida on the beach grounding and watching The Morning Sun the the sunrise come up and we're Barefoot on the beach both of us and like we're and I'm we're walking up and down like the the beach and the water and we're grounding and you know what it's funny because I remember thinking I could have never done that before because I couldn't have walked the beach you guys in the sand I physically couldn't have done it and um yeah huge huh yeah huge and then look at these photos right here even that that one was like year ago yeah this one was a year ago yeah there was um the ketocon one that I love of me and you when we first met and you were walking around the the entire weekend throughout the conference you know and your sneakers and you were doing your thing uh what what an amazing like accom like that's an accomplishment that you can't really like it's hard to explain it because you just you would have never been able to do that event two years ago you would have been suffering you would have been finding a place to sit down but you were walking all over the place attending all of these um uh different lectures joining us for the keto can't meet up sorry though it's just amazing well and and I do want you know that I was highly embarrassed of what I look like at keto con I didn't want to go and I almost backed out several times at the last minute because I was so embarrassed that other people other keto Camp people were going to see what I really look like because look you guys are seeing me from here up you don't see what the rest of the body looks like and that's where I was horribly embarrassed see I have body dysmorphia my brain thinks that I'm 275 lbs still I still want to hide in the clothes that are too big for me and not take pictures and I had to learn at keto con that to let people take pictures of me even though I didn't like it um and I was always the one for decades that took the pictures I can't find a lot of pictures for long periods of time because I'm not in them and you know what my excuses are bull crap I mean we have been taught not taught this information and it goes against that mainstream narrative and you know what I'm learning growing and evolving I am the only one responsible for my health pills do not fix the problem I have taken charge of my health care and I tell doctors what I will and will not do and I have fired many I have stopped looking at my past failures and instead they are lessons when I eat something and it causes my blood sugar to rise it's a lesson that's what it is it is a Learning lesson we're all individuals selft talk is real and I'm learning to love myself and forgive and stop hating that past me because this healing Journey look My Future Self is going to be so grateful I have to give vitamin G to that person in the mirror I didn't get here overnight Ben and this is not a quick fix and I'm okay with that because I've been given this journey for a reason and that reason is to help others and it is my prayer that everybody listening it gives you the hope and determination that you can do this but here here is the deathly truth of it all I can keep going and pushing when I don't see results or I can quit I can fall off the wagon I can quit and I can go right back to that lifestyle I had before and you know what I promise that is no longer an option because my excuses are bull crap Sher so here I am look at your mind mindset that's the biggest transformation to that I've noticed with you besides all the physical stuff and all the victories getting off your meds which are exceptional but your mindset complete completely different than when we first met right you had so much thinking thinking you were so focused on comparing yourself to others right and you even admitted that and you were doing the process in the beginning you got awarded the one- year membership and you were doing it and we were having calls and you were like Ben I'm just not losing the weight Ben I'm not I'm just not losing the weight and I would tell you um Sher just keep up with the process just keep doing what you're doing it'll come it'll come right and you never gave up you kept doing it you kept doing it uh that is the perfect you are the perfect example of somebody who is committed versus somebody who's just interested and saying I'll give it a try trying as you know Sher is a bad word in our community it means you're failing With Honor but when you commit when you're committed you do whatever it takes you only accept results no excuses that's number one mindset is the hugest Victory and I love that you've taken your healing process and you continue to heal and now you're educating other people doing a YouTube channel podcast with Becky having your you your Instagram which is step by healing step on Instagram Everybody follow Sherry you're inspiring especially everybody on here I see all the comments you're inspiring them and you're so committed that you're one- your membership expired right because the year came up and you actually said I'm committed to being being a member for another year and you paid the whole year in advance and you commit that is the example of somebody who has committed and I'm so proud of you Sherry like it's it's so incredible and you're so right vitamin G to the Future you you uh thinking about that future self they're going to look back at you and say thank you so much for doing all these things because you helped me live this life of a thri somebody who's healthy somebody who's able to do all the things they wanted to do um so I'm proud of you and I appreciate you any final words you want to share here thank you well um yeah I I still want to go back and thank you and Elena for that year membership um you saved my life and I don't you gave me a chance you gave me a fighting chance and if I can if I can help anybody else now then that's the way I'm going to thank you is by helping others and um Love look you guys can do this if I can anybody can um and you know what don't let your excuses Define you because that's what they are they're excuses Sher we we we love you we appreciate you and I love your passion to want to change others lives and I love that your husband followed along with you and we're going to see you and your husband at keto con again 2024 um huge congratulations to you Sher there's a whole bunch of beautiful comments in the live stream chat I recommend you go and watch read all those comments and everybody go follow Sherry on her Instagram step by healing step and uh you could even post your YouTube link in that live stream chat so they could see you on there Sherry love you appreciate you thank you so much for sharing today thank you Ben ah so good so good I see all the comments I see all the quotes don't let your excuses Define you yeah um Sherry is amazing as you you saw our community is amazing sher's a three Center and we have two more special guests here um get ready to cry some more because we have a lot of amazing sharers here um the next person I want to bring on here it's a beautiful incredible person uh Gail who has such a remarkable story this is a photo of me and Gail at ketocon this year Gail we got to hang out together Gale has been such um a great friend a supporter of mine we've had so many one-on-one conversations she's been a student with the academy for uh several years now and uh her story is remarkable because it's also going to tie into the next person story so that's why I wanted to bring on Gail first so without further Ado here is the beautiful Gail hey Gail hello how are you doing I am doing W what what are you saying I have to follow that like I'm back here clapping and so I saw you but I I could see you and Sally and anybody in the back end Studio I see like when Sher you're like yeah let's I see you CL I love that you're such a great friend to so you're a charger you know you are a freaking charger to so many people we talk about drers versus Chargers like you're a charger and you have your own amazing story so I want you to share it what keto did to impact your life and your family's life and what it's doing to influence your son and so share a little bit about your story great and and thanks for letting me be here because every time I come on always feel like people have heard my story but I understand there's a lot of people that haven't and it just fills my heart with gratitude that you let me share in the hopes that there's somebody out there that's in the same place that I was and hopefully I give them a little bit of inspiration or method to how I changed my health um to help them so thank you and all the coaches yeah thank you I've my story is like a lot of people I struggled with my weight my whole life um up and down as far back as I think I started gaining weight in high school um you know got the college freshman probably 20 instead of 15 um and it just escalated from there I tried every way to lose weight um from package Foods they send you and going to different meetings and calorie counting endless um up and down I did a whole like six months with three hours a day at the gym and lost some weight but tore up my knees in the process so I I struggled up and down mostly up and um after I had my son I just I never took off that weight so my keto Journey Begins in July of 2018 I was at my lowest point physic physically mentally I was over 300 lbs I stopped getting on the scale after a while I couldn't stand for more than 10 minutes I mean to have to have a chair in your kitchen in order to fix dinner for your family is just horrifying to think that I had to plan my whole day around like Sherry sitting on the concrete at Home Depot I had to think about okay where am I going and am I gonna be able to sit down for 10 minutes and that really kind of stifles your your physical activity I was lucky that I was working a lot from home and I just I stopped going because I couldn't I couldn't go I had arthritis pain in both knees um one worse than the other but still horrible I had pain down my legs that we found out was from back degeneration so I was having knee injections I started having back injections I was on the fourth of a ser series of medicines that didn't work um so I really thought I I I couldn't see my future I thought well my life that I had planned for myself was over um I was never suicidal um similar to you I I always thought of my mom if that ever thought came up um but I I couldn't see my future I had a wonderful boyfriend that I loved to travel with and I thought how are we going to travel if I can't walk how are we going to see places if if I can't get there um my son was about to graduate from college and I had and he was going to commission into the air force God bless him and the auditorium where they do that commissioning has those really old narrow wooden seats and I I can't fit in that seat I won't be able to sit close to the stage when my son commissions because I'm too big um and I just I could not see a good future for myself and that that wasn't what I wanted so I was really desperate to find something um to help me with the weight and I remember clearly as if it was yesterday that last Sunday in July and I like I've I've got to find something to do differently I I can't keep living like this um and my before picture which you may show was about two weeks before then and I just couldn't see myself like that so you never know what directs you right but I like to think God stepped in and for some reason led me to YouTube um that that's where it happened and I found a video by suzan Ryan um she's at keto Karma and it was I mean there were lots of different videos on how to lose weight but her stuck out for me because it said like she lost 100 pounds in a year and I thought okay nobody can do that like that's just not possible so of course you click on it right you want to see what what she says because you think well what how is she going to explain right that that that's what she did um but what she showed with her pictures and what she started started explaining was the ketogenic lifestyle um explaining about carbs explaining about sugar explaining about how eliminating carbs and sugar helps with inflammation in your body and being a science geek it started resonating right she talked about how foods made your body feel and I thought okay maybe my body is reacting to what I'm eating I'd never been an overeater right well an occasional Bluebell binge I'll I'll admit to that but I haven't had Blue Bell in years now um but I thought I'm eating the wrong things and those wrong things are causing the pain they're causing the misery at this point I was just trying to have faith and belief but it started to make sense and so I spent the next four hours or so watching every keto video that I could find and it it just kept making sense so I thought okay I'm I'm desperate I'm going to try this and I committed and I said I'm G to start it tomorrow and I told one friend um who was supportive and I started eating that way the next day like what else was I going to do this hopefully was going to be it for me and I started really simply and I think that was the key for me I had I had to find a food pattern that I could follow simply so I would do eggs bacon and a half an avocado for breakfast I mean any plan that included bacon was good for me and um then I would do like chicken and a low carb vegetable for lunch and steak and a low carbed vegetable for dinner and I did the same thing over and over and over but I kept learning and I kept researching and I kept looking at more videos and finding more um places to learn um unfortunately I hadn't found you yet but that comes later in the story um but I did find Dr Berg who I love and um he taught me well every time you eat you spike your insulin insulin doesn't let you lose weight so quit snacking so every time I wanted to snack I would think okay what did he say about insulin and I eventually could quit the snacking habit that was more mental because when I started eating the right Foods I started being less hungry because we know carbs are made to make you hungrier so I was learning um or I would get leg cramps and I'd put into YouTube Dr Berg leg cramps at night and he would say okay look at your magnesium so bit by bit um I could learn more about focusing on what foods I was eating because I could control that right control freak and keep finding the foods that made me feel better so that's you know where my journey began so about I would say three weeks into it that's my guess from back then I should have kept a better Journal um the knee pain went away and I was like wait a minute I'm I'm getting up and I'm not having to pause to let the pain pass before I take my first step you know what's going on here but boy was that an exciting um bit of progress and I haven't had a knee injection since so that's great too the money I used to spend on knee injections right P more than pays for kka took a little bit longer for the back injections but I haven't had one of those in over two and three quarters of a year or so um but what I started to notice after that three weeks is people started making comments I went to a an event where I had to walk around and I could right I didn't have to wait for people to come see me I could walk around and see people and they were like you look different what's going on and I started to lose my chubby carb faed cheeks and I had energy right and I was like okay and when people start to notice they don't really understand what you're doing but when they start to notice that's really motivating and I thought okay this is working um I did step on the scale and realized i' lost about 20 pounds and I had done that in years so I was like okay there's something to this and I kept working and I kept learning and people asked me when they kind of started to find out did you have a cheat day and I'm like no why would I right this is working um the carb and sugar was not worth what how I was feeling better and and feeling better and why would I want to bring back that pain um my boyfriend likes to say you found willpower I don't think willpower had anything to do it I found the science of what is the right food for my body right my body does not react well to carbs and sugar so I needed to get rid of them so the weight loss kept going it was exciting um and by the time my son graduated that December um I'd lost 70 pounds and I fit in that seat and I sat down near the front and I was like my Journey's not over but that initial goal was just unbelievable that that I had I had accomplished at least that first goal and I was like okay I am just going on from here I felt amazing I was happy and I got to share that moment with him and then the 70 turned into 100 and then um my most weight loss was at 122 I've lost yeah I have a photo here let me show this photo here I know this is a little bit older the January 2022 but look at the difference just un unbelievable and I hate usually looking at that picture but someone in kka it might have been Sherry said uh or Becky look back at her and thank her because that old you got you to where you are now right I need to get some updated pictures this year but you know she was the one that inspired you to get where you are now that's right and she's proud of you she's very proud of you be she has to be that's right so about 20 months into the journey it was like March of 2020 my knee finally gave out and um I had to have it replaced and the doctor said do you want to explore not staying in the hospital overnight and I said was that possible people people don't have to stay in the hospital and he looked at me and he said well it's an option for our healthier patients and I was floored I don't know if I cried or not but I was floored I was like I I'm one of your healthier patients now 20 months ago I couldn't even walk and now you're saying that I don't even have to stay in the hospital which I didn't I went home same day and um it just helped further my motivation um so really keto was my miracle for my original goal of losing weight right that that was the the purpose of getting into it but as I learned more and more and I found you and I found other wonderful teachers um Cynthia thurlo and and just so many Dr Mindy all of them um I was like the original go was to lose weight but my long-term goal needed to be getting healthy right I needed to be healthy for my family I needed to be healthy for what I wanted to do and to get that that future back um so now I'm like a nut for this right I read Health books I fixed my hormones um I'm mostly chemical free in my household changed my makeup to chemical free because I put all those toxins on you there is no chemically free hair dye I know somebody's thinking oh she still colors her hair but it's not not very many times a year and that's a vanity thing can't help it um and but the continuation of my journey role is finding you finding the academy and learning even more I think I'm guessing this is my seventh challenge um why do I keep coming because I keep learning more and more um I know a lot about keto but why do I need a coach well the learning never stops and I want to keep learning more about my cellular health and I've learned so many different things um I use red light I do the grounding I just every little incremental change is leading me to a healthier and healthier future and it's not temporary for me it's it's not a diet where you say I'm gonna lose 20 pounds in a couple months and then go back to my old ways I this is my lifestyle right I I can't go back to the way that I was because I will go right back into that unhealthy miserable painful person um if I have a lesson I would say for me it was get my I got my food right first right and I'm not perfect at all um sometimes I'll eat something and I have worn a CGM and it spikes my glucose and I'm was okay I can't eat strawberries without anything else um because that spikes my um glucose oh and the butter at Texas Roadhouse is really dangerous um spikes the honey in it right spikes my glucose so I have to you know learn those things and and keep going um I have had my other knee replaced but I bounc back like really fast so much faster yeah I like the strength and the health um but I'm so blessed that I found you and I found um all the coaches and now I've turned my focus more to building muscle right I I still want to lose some more weight um yes like Sher you see me from the neck up but there's some weight down here on the bottom um coach John has got me focused on muscle and building that and he teaches me about changing you know my flexing and my cortisol and he my recovery he's been so critical to teaching me about recovery because I never really I just thought you kept going and going and going and um he's been instrumental for that um I grow my own vegetables when I the ones that I can um I add supplements I take away months I swim and I do the hot tub I can't do the cold plunge yet but someday I will I do the shower um and I love my Pelon bike right so I I ride like crazy and I have to learn to modulate that but that five-year-old ago me could not have done that and now I can and I worked out really well this morning and just went like crazy and I kept thinking how blessed I am to have now created a more healthier me um and this is is my lifestyle um but people do ask like why do you why do you need Ben why do you need the academy and the reason I stay after all these years is continually learning right there's always something new to learn um that will help you or help somebody else um my son is healthier than he was he still hits the fast food a little bit more than I would like but he's doing better and he's learning and I'm providing that example um my boyfriend um took him a while right sometimes you have someone in your household that doesn't quite get it but I just kind of stuck with it with him and now he has adopted um my way of eating uh and he's gotten off his Statin he's lost 40 pounds forever you help you help you helped him have those conversations with this doctor because you started to do your own research to understand how to have those conversations you actually helped them get get off those STS to speak with this doctor so they understand what you're doing yeah absolutely learning um to get like the doctor wasn't running the size particle on the cholesterol and and then when I asked him about doing it it was like a blank stare and so my boyfriend was like why does that matter and the doctor wasn't even answering I'm not sure he even knew and I'm like well there's big fluffy and there's small damaging ones used my pulled out my Ben isms and explained to him why you know the small dense ones or the dangerous ones we need to know which one you have and but by the next meeting with the doctor he wasn't even talking about cholesterol because his numbers were were so great and he and he was off the statins um so that has been a huge victory for him still working on the blood pressure medicine but I'm working on that one um but the coaching that I get I mean how could I get a plan that's having me lift really heavy things and doing my cardio and balancing that right understanding I get all of that from John um we still got to work on my mental a little bit but we'll get there um he's taught me to flex I didn't know in those early years what flexing could do for me and he's helping me get um used to putting a little more healthy carbs and why and still not great at the tracking but I'm getting better um but finally it's the community it's the support it's the support from you and knowing that I can ask a question at any time um and get a knowledgeable usable answer it's having my one one-on ones with the coaches it's just the support of people like Sher and Sally and well Sally was a lifelong friend forever and Sherry is from now on um she's not getting rid of me um and you know there's so many other people within the academy that jump on and you know Lisa and Monica and all that just they help you understand your your health journey is important and we're all on that Health journey and then they just keep motivating you to keep going and keep going and keep going um to build that better future that I didn't see five years ago and now the Future's So Bright right I and I am doing things I put a comment in the Facebook I'm in the best shape of my life at 60 years old who can say that yeah right A lot of people in the academy say that and a lot of people are working towards that um and and that's just got to continue to be my goal to stay stay healthy and build my better future ah so beautiful Gail you you are a a student I I love I admire about I admire that about you and I see a lot of that in myself like constantly learning uh just so dedicated what a change you've made in five years I mean the you five years ago did not have this mindset couldn't cook in your kitchen without sitting down down after 10 minutes um terrified to not be able to watch your son uh because you couldn't fit in the chairs I mean those are quality of life like that the way that it's changed for you and the fact that you're 60 you look amazing you feel amazing and you're in the best shape of your life like it's a testament to you and always learning always taking action now you what you do really well is you focus on a few goals and then you master that and then you shift to some new goals right so right now you're shifting to building some more muscle right which is in turn going to help with the weight loss it just helps your hormones become more sensitive so you're working with John on that you have to learn how to flex a little bit better that's something we've spoke about in the past several times right um you're amazing Gail and Gail you're gonna be at ketocon next year and we're gonna get to hang out together as well absolutely it be my third one I I love keto con because it is it's about that learning and it's making small changes and not I think I got kind of worried at first and why I focused on the food was if I try to do too much at once right small changes it's incremental changes um and there was someone on I think one of your podcasts once that said it's not the one change that makes you know 50% difference in your life it's the 10 small changes that make a 5 perent difference and you keep doing those things and you keep adding those things and um you change your life you absolutely can change your life I'm proof you can you're living proof Gil thank you for sharing and your story ties into our next guest right and I I'll let Sally share that part but Sally's your lifelong friend and you actually introduced her to this world and I'll let Sally share that but Gail we appreciate you and and Gail's Instagram she's got she's also sharing health tips so fellow gaale creating Health after 50 well in your case now after 60 right creating health started after 50 yeah exactly no it's perfect go follow Gail Gail we love you thank you so much for sharing your heart we appreciate you oh that's so great um I saw a comment here my go-to Gail like my go-to gal I like that uh that was terrific we have one more special guest and um just the I just love I love the keto Camp Academy students it's just amazing um now Sally Harrison is our next guest um Sally's got quite the story and it's going to resonate with uh many of you especially few of you who maybe have some Long Haul coid symptoms so let me introduce Sally um real quick uh let me get the photo here of me and Sally from ketocon look at us Sally so this is Sally and I earlier this year in Austin Texas at keto con This Is Us meeting for the first time this in itself you'll hear from her was a huge Victory just being there um this is me and Sally hanging out at my book signing we did a keto Camp Academy Meetup uh and you see these two beautiful ladies hanging out Alina and Sally and uh yes so let me introduce Sally Harrison she's got an amazing story to to share with you she got a great accent she's a Texas gal here is uh Sally Harrison hello Sally hi Ben actually I'm a Florida girl who has been transplanted to Texas you got the Texas accent more than a Florida accent though well I guess so many years here yeah you adopted it you look beautiful you look amazing look at you well thank you your story talk about your backstory and then how that ties into Gail and how that ties into you know the challenge in you being here it's an amazing story so I'll let you take the floor Sally well it it actually my health challenges actually started probably back in 2014 I lost my mom that year and we had basically grown up together and I also my youngest son had decided to leave college and go active duty in the military oh he wasn't stationed in the US he was stationed in Germany so I'm sending my baby to Germany wow and as a matter of fact Gail was one of my friends that actually was very instrumental at that point on my mental San sanity you know keeping me going with my son deviating from the course that I had set for him and letting him allowing him to choose his own course and and and everything so with that I'm an emotional eater and I went into the standard American diet and I powered through that Mexican food and that BlueBell ice cream and everything else that goes with it um um and uh you know I was getting unhealthy and my scales were going up um but I was always an active person so I was still doing stuff I was involved in a um in a uh a boot camp that started at 5:30 in the morning and I was there in class with people half my age and and I kept up with them but I was just Loy and food didn't really set well with me my I was I was developing IBS since my mom had died and then on my birthday in July of um 2019 um my birthday lunch with my kids I ended up making me very ill and I ultimately spent five days in the hospital and they diagnosed me with diverticulitis and severe IBS and everything else Under the Sun and I knew that food was making me sick but I just didn't know what I should be doing so they wanted me to look at um you know doing food elimination diets and things like this and you know and I did to a certain degree but I just really still just food was my was making me sick and I knew it and as a a matter of fact every September and October you'll see me post I'll have in my memories in my Facebook about me posting from that time about food making me sick and but I just didn't know how food was making me sick I knew it was doing it but the doctors were finally starting to listen anyway Gail and I had been friends for years and years and years and it was tied into the um to Texas A&M and we had been online friends in-person friends um we only live an hour apart but where we really resonate and is down in College Station and so I don't see her in person regularly but I I had a very very tight relationship with her and I saw her multip times in the fall of 2019 and I was just blown away but by the transformation that she had gone through and finally in November of 2019 at an event that we were both at I pulled her off and I said how did you do this she goes well when you got time let's talk I said okay how about after the first of the year because things were getting crazy and she said Okay so this rolls into February of 2020 and we set a lunch together and we meet halfway between where she lives and I live and we spent a couple of hours and she was you know I had my notebook and she was telling me all about this ketogenic diet and you know she was giving me people to go look up and she gave me homework you know go find Dr Berg on you Youtube and she was and she she said all along focus on your food let's get your food right what can you do and I like her wasn't a big overeater it was what I was eating and it's in its effect on me so now remember I said that was February 2020 yeah okay so come the first week in March my company sending out do you uh are you high risk for this pandemic thing coming up well I had high blood pressure I had um asthma I've been an asthmatic since I was two and what I didn't know at the time my autoimmune disease was also going to be a trigger with coid so I was sent I was one of the first ones sent home to work from home and my company just doesn't do that you just you always had to be in the office but I was sent home and I had to go into the office about a week later and pick up a laptop um six days later I've got all the symptoms I called Doc in a box on the phone and the last conversation I had with her was she said if you're a Praying Woman Miss Harrison you need to pray I was tested two days ago through a drive-in clinic and at this point I couldn't even walk from my bed to my toilet to go to the bathroom without stopping halfway and double overing and at that point in time it was um March 31st 2020 when you did a coid test it could take up to two weeks to come back so they told me what to do if my lungs went down and at that time I couldn't even get a C Sox meter off of Amazon because they were running it up it was over $1,000 to buy one wow and they're like $18 $9 $10 $18 and so um fortunately I had all the asthma stuff so they loaded me up on the medicine sent me home gave me instructions what to do I didn't want to go to the hospital I don't like going to the hospitals but two days later my son basically said Mom you can't even talk you can't even walk three feet they took me to the hospital at 11:55 p.m. on April 2nd they made me kiss my son because we didn't know if I'd ever see him again and I was admitted to the hospital I was admitted into ICU with bilateral Co pneumonia and which meant I had the worst of the worst I had the worst case scenario and um I spent a great deal of time in the hospital and they didn't expect me to walk out and um I thought they wanted to intubate me I fought against it there were a couple nights I can remember laying in bed going you know God just take care of my kids if I don't wake up the next morning and one particular night they really wanted to intubate me and I sat on the bedside toilet and fought it for hours until I just could not hold my body up I laid in the bed and said my prayers let my children know I love them and hour and a half later the lights went on hey Miss Harrison we're in here to do all of your lab work and everything we bought the Sonic grams in because we had so much trouble and I'm like and I'm alive that was you know it's kind of like I'm alive I didn't die they didn't intubate me that was the Thursday before Easter and I had one more episode and even um the day before Easter they weren't sure that I would walk out of the hospital the nurse wasn't sure she was trying to help me take a shower lost my dignity completely and I'm a southern lady you know I had dignity out the the woo I lost it all I had to depend on other people this was during isolation nobody could come see you um I was too sick to talk to my children I had one in Alaska and one in South Florida and I was tooo sick to talk to him um and um or actually my son in South Florida was in Dallas with me at the time um on Easter Sunday I had people all over the world praying for me because it had gotten out on Facebook and um I basically woke up on Monday morning and I was like what's it going to take for me to get out of the hospital my oxygen usage went from 12 12 lers of oxygen down to nine from nine lers of oxygen down to seven from seven liters of oxygen down to four on Sunday on Saturday they didn't think I was going to ever walk out on Sunday I was determined to fight this fight Sunday morning it was 12 leaders midnight Sunday n it was nine laders Monday morning it was seven I asked them what is it going to take for me to get out they said four lers I woke up on Tuesday at four liters and I went home Tuesday afternoon that was during the time that it was too dangerous for me to be in the hospital so I didn't go to a step down if I got sick like that now I'd go spend a month in a step down hospital because it's a safer environment but it wasn't I got sent with oxygen machine and I get sent home to take care of myself I had no one to take care of me my older son had a window he literally had to leave within 24 hours or he was going to be stuck there for 90 days so he left me with another family friend who was living with us and um in the meantime my health just continued to deteriorate you would have thought that I would have um gotten over coid but 90 days in I finally didn't show any signs of the virus but then I started all the symptoms of what we now know as long hollers I honestly believe been in 5 10 years from now it's going to be labeled an autoimmune disease because it has the same type of response they kept saying it was a lung disease but why was I losing my hair in the course of nine months I lost 85% of my hair a year and a half ago my hair was like piy I mean now my hair is grown long but it's taken a lot of healthy eating and a lot of getting healthy so anyway I spent nine months postco I'm still struggling I just and the weights piled on because I developed Hashimoto my um low thyroid flipped into Hashimoto I had I had I had a a cyto storm when I was in the hospital it affected almost every organ in my body um the only thing that didn't seem to be affected was my kidneys um so when I got out of the hospital I was just at a loss I just knew I was fighting for my life I literally was fighting for my life but months went by and I still wasn't getting better and then um May or I want to say April of 2022 I decided you know Gail just looked amazing and you know I wanted to go back to the visit her revisit what she was teaching me before I got sick and because we had met about three weeks before she was supposed to have that knee surgery and she was all excited they weren't going to make her stay in the hospital you know so I knew that this worked but it had taken me two years to get to the point that I could even focus about weight loss at that point I was trying to breathe I was trying to get off of oxygen I knew I had to have shoulder surgery and I was going I had finally gotten healthy enough to have the shoulder surgery in June but I I on a Thursday I decided I was going to reach out to Gail that weekend and see if she and I could have a conversation I still wasn't really comfortable going in public but you know I would figure it out but I wanted to get back to that Health Journey that she was telling me about well that same night she sent me a link to the May challenge as a godwink moment and I didn't even let her know I registered and then sent her a screenshot that I had registered she didn't say another word she had only texted me that link that's all and so I was really excited about it and you know she stayed in contact with me the whole time I was on that first challenge now that um when I was on the first CH the reason I joined the challenge was I had 90 to 100 pounds to lose that's the reason I joined the challenge I wanted to find out how to eat better to get rid of the weight not all the other aspects of it but the weight that's what I went into and what I found out during the challenge was I'm a biology geek always have been and I would have gone into nursing like my mom except I hated chemistry and I had to take chemistry so that left me out but I love biology and to me by the second or third day it felt like I was in like this college level biology Symposium and I just absolutely was a sponge eating writing everything you and um the speakers talked about and absorbing it like a sponge and then we got to that Thursday and y'all were talking about you know we gotta don't don't join the academy right now and I kept telling I just don't think I can justify joining the academy you know and she C and this is all she said you don't have to join the academy there's there's all sorts of ways and Ben is on YouTube and Instagram and there's all sorts of ways you do not have to join the academy and then you gave us what our special was on that Friday and all the guests came on and um Triple J was the one that got me and it was just not only his enthusiasm but his energy and talking about reversing his diabetes I didn't have a problem with diabetes that's one thing I didn't have a problem with I was borderline pre-diabetic and if I didn't get the weight off I was going to have a problem with it but so anyway I had I had told Gail that I was going to see what I could do and try to figure it out you know well I am an underwriter I crunch numbers for a living and it was just like it kept hanging in my head and I was waiting for that Saturday challenge it kept hanging in my head and I was like so in between my breaks the rest of the day I'm like trying to put my budget together can I afford it what can I eliminate what can I do I'm really restricted to a lot I do because I don't go out I'm I'm still 100% isolated at that point and um I figured out if I just Dro door Dash yeah and maybe just ate the food that was in my refrigerator instead of throwing it out every two or three weeks because it goes bad that you know um I could save three or $400 maybe six or $800 a month I was ordering door Dash three to five times a week and I was like um okay well maybe I can't afford it or maybe I can not afford not to do it and then I was like h i got this surgery coming up to really want to do that now and before I even sent the text to Gail I went ahead and registered and then I was asking her and she was like well you don't have to do it right now you can join later but you had said something about that that pricing might not be there and that pricing was just too good to pass up yeah so I joined now I was having surgery three weeks later and there was not a whole lot I could do because I was having a massive shoulder surgery a week later later a very dear friend of mine and Gail's um son was killed and we Gail and I met up in service of our country and Gail and I met up at his funeral and I could barely walk I could barely stand it it took everything out of me psychologically because of the PTSD I suffered and all the health things just to be there on the funeral Gail drove all the way down to help support me help support our friend what a charger yeah and that day I decided I wasn't gonna make any more excuses so at the lunch I made all good choices about what I was going to eat now Gail left she didn't go to the lunch or the graveside but I didn't like the fact that I had to sit or you know for so much and you know like Sherry was talking about sitting and I just decided I was going to do what I could do before my sh surgery and I remember talking to you and you were like we we put a game plan together um for how to handle it all and all the pain meds I was going to be on because it was a pretty invasive surgery and then after my surgery um Alina became my coach um and at this time I'm still on weight loss but then I started realizing I was having all of these what we what we call non-scale victories you know I was saving money it was self-paying for itself I I found I wasn't snacking at night I wasn't all these cravings and you know I wasn't hangry um I really wasn't getting hungry I wasn't having those Sensations and Alina and I it wasn't until the second coaching session with her that she shared her story with me and I was like do you really want to coach me because she had lost her dad to co about the same time just not long before I joined yeah and I said I won't take it wrong if you don't want to coach me but pain through you know to purpose we worked through it together so I think it was very appropriate that Alina was my coach to got me through all the mental stuff because what I really came to find out is a lot of what was going on was not food related Ben it was everything else I was suffering from massive PTSD I couldn't deal with the fact that doctors wanted to give up on me I'm fortunate I had good doctors and their theory was as long as you don't quit quit on yourself we won't quit on you and then when I started seeing improvements it took me what three months to just get through pillar one because of my surgery and everything and once I got from pillar one to pillar two I was like wow this works this is cool I started losing weight and I started understanding that I wasn't losing weight I was healing and releasing the weight it was like my my body that first 90 days needed to get a little healthier because I was really metabolically messed up and with everything that I had gone through with coid and everything um G made a comment to me that uh I told her I hate cooking that's why I ordered out so much she goes that'll change that'll change just you watch that'll change what really changed Ben was I started craving Health more than I crave the bad stuff and then you know there were so many components to keto camp that I started maximizing everything that was there I started joining all the sessions making you know being involved on the camp going to the CH you making sure I go to the challenge and there were so many people that are suffering from Long Haul and or long coid and it actually has a diagnostic code now it's called long Coit and um but they don't have the doctor's treating them that I do they don't have doctors listening to them and they're just trying to shove medicine down their throat and sit in them out the door my blood pressure was out of whack my lungs were out of whack I was still on oxygen you know I had to have surgery oh wait I've had two eye surgeries because Co messed up my vision and took my vision directly related to co it was cataracts as a result of a secondary infection um so it was a catastrophic second AR infection that caused me to have to have the cataract surgery so I lost 85% of my hair everything that went on and I was in the victim Survivor mentality but somewhere around October of last year I started shifting it was no longer about food it was no longer about diet it was no longer about weight loss it was getting healthy I was getting healthy and so I became a bonafide Survivor and then I think in January you tagged me as a thriv and that's where I see myself so my whole my whole identity has changed I am not a victim of coid I am a thriv I have learned to to I've learned to take what you taught me and let my body heal itself so Sherry is right I did have a lot of weight release I dropped 50 pounds in the first nine months um for the last six months I've been on a bit of a weight loss stall but remember weight loss is not my focus it's getting healthy I am focusing on a lot of other things to get healthy so when I Wason with y'all I had hurt my back and yet I was still able to keep up with everybody and walk around and stuff like that and I reinjured my back in July and my dog broke my hand and every other thing that could happen but I didn't quit on myself I didn't get derailed um you know I maximized everything um I had a wonderful opportunity to uh become one of the the very few private students that you take per year I took a I you know I invested in myself and invested in that but I didn't let it stop there I still take advantage of John is my um coach helping me with the physical aspects and he won't let me quit myself and Alina is still there working with me and then Coach Becky I haven't gotten to work with her oneon-one but I participate in the brain boost and that's like one on-one so you know it it it goes it's one of those things that the academy is not a diet place it's not going to teach you about diet it's going to teach you about food and food's relation to your health and but there's so much more um I had not seen my my granddaughter since before I got sick and I had not been able to fly uh not only health reasons but the PTSD and so when I joined the Academy I had another granddaughter in the oven and I wasn't gonna be able to see her at Birth like I did the first one so one of my big long-term goals when I joined the academy was to go meet my new granddaughter and to see my baby granddaughter that I had not seen since she was eight months old sold I got on a plane last February and the you know the coach Becky and Coach Elena they really helped me learn how to deal with the stress and the the anxiety and you know they talked to me through it I made that trip from Texas to California and back and stayed in a hotel and back I went to football games all last fall I went to I went to a conference of end of February I went to keto con now yes I was still masked H let's roll around to this fall I've been to two football games no mask I do one out when because of the crowds and we're all arm to arm but I got and one of my friends even said to me after about an hour she goes you don't have your mask on and you're not shaking so not only has have I overcome some of my health issues but I'm overcoming the mental health issues as well it's it's just it's just been amazing now I had a situation that happened last about 10 days ago and I was at the A&M game against Auburn and I started getting a little queasy it was U 94 actual degrees um the heat index was 115 inside the stadium this was 11 o' and I'm sending on sitting on the North End of the stadium so the sun is in my face the entire game and that's why my face is still red it's like just I'm just now losing my sunburn but um I started feeling a little queasy about halfway through the game and I didn't even think to read my aura ring to look at my aura ring you know which is also a tool that I learned from keto camp but what I ended up doing was um by you know I I was doing all the right stuff I had snuck in electrolytes with no sugar so I could Spike My Water instead of drinking the the um the uh Gatorade that they want or Power Aid that they want you to buy which is load it with sugar so you know I'm I'm doing it all the right way but I just wasn't feeling great I was kind of just not feeling great so at the end of the game now wait a minute I could still walk up the stairs without pulling myself so my lungs have improved I can still walk up the stairs but when I got to the top I experienced what's called a POT Syndrome it's where you know few minutes after you stand up your blood pressure drops your pulse rate spikes and it can cause you to feel like you're going to black out and in some cases you black out and um so I knew I had to sit down I sat down after about five or 10 minutes I thought I could make it down the long winding stairs and about halfway down I had stopped to lean my head against the concrete wall and I hear in this voice in my head that it was a off duty San Antonio firefighter paramedic and he was going to stay with me or did he want did I want him to call the Stadium paramedics and I said no so ultimately he got me down the stairs and he and his oh yeah that's uh I think alert yeah he and his wife um sat with me for about 30 minutes while all my friends showed up and um my coloring got better my breathing was better I was communicative the only thing that we didn't do was try me standing up and so ultimately he and his wife left and my friends were showing back up and we were going to walk out of the stadium I thought I could make it I thought it had all passed and I another friend I had not seen since I almost died um walked up and she's a police officer there and I jumped up to give her a hug and when I did my blood pressure dropped my pulse my um heart great shot up and I basically claps in her arm she took it out of my hands she called The Stadium paramedics they loaded me up on all the equipment I was having all the uh the typical effects they even stood me up and my blood pressure dropped and everything they didn't like what my heart was doing and so they said that they wanted to call an ambulance and um my PTSD flared up but I it's like I didn't want to go back to a hospital I never want to see the inside of a hospital again if I can help it um but um when I was in the ambulance and they were trying to to con you know they hooked up my IVs and everything so he did a blood sugar test and in the meantime I'm doing the deep breathing and the breath work that coach Alina and Coach Becky taught me and I'm sitting there in the ambulance just and he goes what are you doing breath work and I went yes I'm trying to calm myself so he my La he he he did a quick thing on my sugars and he goes oh he because he had asked me if I was diabetic I said no I'm not and he goes are you sure I went no I'm not and um so he took it and it was 101 and I said oh that's high he goes what do you mean that's high that's great I said no that's high I'm under stress it should be about 10 15 points lower and so I'm talking to him he goes and you you understand all of this and I went yeah so he was laughing at me and there the whole time I'm doing breath work trying to get you know myself psyched up I walk up I go in the ER and they're like of course my face is like bright red as red as your chair because of the Sunburn and um my biggest fear was that they were going to keep me and I was going to be in a strange city I walked out three hours later my labs the only lab that was off kilter was my potassium the base level should have been 3.4 I was at 3.3 I had done everything right Ben it was a check engine light moment yes I landed myself in the hospital yes that was embarrassing to have to be carded off on an ambulance I had to overcome some PTSD but what I learned about myself is I'm healing it was a learning moment and the Very weirdest of ways I'm sitting there saying to my doctor I'm healing right [Music] so ultimately I saw my pulmonologist last week and he knew I'd been in the hospital but the fact I could go up and down the stadium he's like your lungs are getting better he won't let me off oxygen at night yet he said that longterm my heart and my lungs still have more healing I need the oxygen support when I sleep but if I want to reduce it and miss two or three days that's okay but I need to at least 60% of the time sleep with oxygen gen on I'm okay with that you know he's not I I I don't have sleep apnea or anything like that it's just I need a little pulmonary help I mean I need a little uh supplemental oxygen at night but more than importantly Ben you've given me hope and all the coaches have given me hope I'm going to beat this I am thriving in this environment 15 months in I'm still on it the biggest derailment I had was two or three days I hit 50 grams of total carbs I didn't stay below just because I was I was mad about my hand being broken and hurting my back and I was feeling sorry for myself and I had a pity party and somebody posted something online that I didn't like the pictures of and you know because it was triggering and and stuff like that but then I kind of like snaap myself out of it I like Health more than I like the bad stuff and um so that's where I am y'all are kind of stuck with with me yeah we're we bless us be stuck with you if you want to call it like that way so many victories I mean if for those who join uh the academy if you just type in Sally Harrison's name in the Facebook group uh and you want to get inspired because she has posted so many victories I mean she shared a whole bunch today but there's so many victories oh I'm just going to share a quick photo you know um that you had posted um you can just see uh and you have so many photos in there but you came from a place Sally of poor health even before you got the coid and then the long coid literally on death's door and didn't give up uh even though you said your prayers and you felt like it might have been the last breath you might have took that night you didn't give up you didn't quit you got out of the hospital still had the symptoms still had the long coid symptoms but you never quit on yourself you never quit for your family you never quit for your future self you still still don't continue to quit you you're somebody who's so committed and so determined and you're a supporter of all the other people in our group all the victories that we have but you just continue to impress us and celebrate victories like I I just love when you post a new victory it's so inspiring to all of us and you've completely transformed your health and all of us you continue to inspire us I am so grateful the godwink moment happened where you thought about texting gaale she sends you the keto challenge Event in May and now look at you you're with us and you've inspired us and we appreciate and love you Sally thank you so much for sharing that today well my three my two wi are named Jade and named Scarlet but I have a new why that's coming in 86 days on January 1 and her name is stormy and I am going to actually be able to go down for her birth where a kitten for Scarlets and I'm going for the baby shower in ear early J in in early December where I couldn't for Scarlets I don't want to miss any more weddings I missed my son's wedding I don't want to miss any more christenings I miss both of the babies in California's christenings I don't want to miss life I want to live not exist but live and you've given me the tools and and the ability to believe in myself and the hope so proud of youbody out there on the fence and if you are suffering from long Co or anything like that you can always reach out to me in the Academy I you know I've met some very dear friends and my my health um somebody that's on a health Journey with me I met her a year ago and she was a long Co um Survivor and now she's going to thrive so we're all there for you just think about it thank you you Sally we appreciate you so much I I'm am excited for your uh your third y coming up soon so love you Sally talk to you soon thank you so much for your share I really hope you enjoy those inspiring conversations with our students they are absolutely amazing if you'd like Health coaching for me coach Alina coach Becky coach John our keto cam team and access to our 45-day keto Flex reset which is a step-by-step system for mastering keto fasting carnivore keto flexing I want to invite you with this special opportunity to join us we're giving you $100 off your membership plus over $177,000 in free bonuses and if you go to join keto camp.com you can learn more about it this is only open for the next 48 hours so I hope you see it if this video was valuable to you please consider hitting the thumbs up button and subscribing and check out this next video on the screen to learn more about keto and fasting thank you for watching I'll see you on the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @cherylray4132 [7 likes]: Yay Gail!! I will be 60 next month. I lost 137lbs in 2020-2021. Had to have my gallbladder removed last November, and never got back on track, have gained 40lbs back, but started back Keto Monday. You have given me hope 😊
  2. @KetoKamp [4 likes]: ⌛ INVITE OPENED FOR 48 HOURS - Receive Full Access to the Keto Kamp Academy, Health Coaching from Ben + At-Home Inflammation Kit & Thousands in Bonuses ⚡ ⚡ ➡ HTTP://WWW.JOINKETOKAMP.COM
  3. @KetoCookbooksCorner [4 likes]: These stories serve as a powerful reminder of the potential for transformation through dedication to a keto lifestyle.
  4. @KWILSONkmwaf [4 likes]: 😀
  5. @ronniehardy4228 [3 likes]: Hi, just wanted to share that you helped me loose 100lbs. You caught me with the vitamin "G"😊.
I'm so proud to say I'm part of the 3%...❤. I would love to share before & after photos.
  6. @makeupchickmakeup1511 [3 likes]: Hi Ben, I am interested in joining I have been away and missed your calls.  Try again in a week when I am home
  7. @Chippoka [3 likes]: Awesome!  Thank you for getting this out!  Will share!
  8. @ReganElichmwai [1 likes]: I’m crying watching this 😢but thanks god for sharing this with the world ❤
  9. @Lorj8989 [1 likes]: thank you for sharing your stories. very inspirational. ❤
  10. @anir8023 [1 likes]: Thoughts on LCHF? Especially for people with thyroid issues, ans why ppl can’t stick on keto long term
  11. @lisabeee3458: Aw Ben is so legitmately happy for these people you can tell he's a real mensche

- Why Keto No Longer Works: Kind: captions Language: en-US This is what a keto diet did for my husband back&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2017. In less than nine&nbsp; months, he lost 81 pounds. Keto worked. In fact, his story&nbsp; was one that was echoed by many&nbsp;&nbsp; back then. Rapid weight loss with&nbsp; inflammatory markers and HbA1c&nbsp;&nbsp; measurements dropping from dangerously&nbsp; high to ideal in a matter of months. Keto success stories are still&nbsp; there but less common nowadays.&nbsp;&nbsp; Did keto suddenly stop working? Did our&nbsp; bodies catch on and say wait a minute,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can't do that anymore. In this&nbsp; video, we will examine what happened&nbsp;&nbsp; to keto and how you can cut through the&nbsp; distractions to recapture the advantage. [Intro Music] In case you are wondering, here is Keith today. Why is he not appearing with me live? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; we are saving him for a big announcement right&nbsp; after Christmas, so if you are not already,&nbsp;&nbsp; click the subscribe and bell icon so you get&nbsp; a notification of that video of the two of us. Back in 2017, when Keith lost weight&nbsp; by following a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; a device we wish we would have&nbsp; had is a Lumen breath analyzer. While it does not directly measure ketone&nbsp; levels, it analyzes the carbon dioxide&nbsp;&nbsp; you breathe out to determine the fuel&nbsp; your body is running on. Specifically,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you burning fat, carbs,&nbsp; or a combination of the two? Here is how easy it is to use.&nbsp; First thing in the morning,&nbsp;&nbsp; before I eat or drink anything, I open&nbsp; the app and follow the instructions. In seconds, Lumen shows my results&nbsp; in an easy-to-read display that also&nbsp;&nbsp; shares the percentage of fat or&nbsp; carbs that my body is burning. Lumen is scientifically proven to meet the&nbsp; gold standard of metabolism measurement in&nbsp;&nbsp; validation studies. Before Lumen, the only way&nbsp; to measure your metabolism was in a hospital or&nbsp;&nbsp; clinic with a costly and time-consuming test to&nbsp; measure the RER or Respiratory Exchange Ratio. Because Lumen meets this standard,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can feel confident that you are getting&nbsp; actual insights into your metabolism. I can also use Lumen throughout the day,&nbsp;&nbsp; giving me in-the-moment feedback about&nbsp; what my metabolism is burning for energy. There are no filters or anything to restock,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can test as often as you like, getting&nbsp; unlimited real-time metabolic measurements. If you would like to get a Lumen device for&nbsp; yourself, they are allowing me to share a&nbsp;&nbsp; link that saves you $75. You will find the&nbsp; link by opening the description area below&nbsp;&nbsp; this video. If you are on your phone, click on&nbsp; the word "more" to open the description area. There are two things that I have observed over&nbsp; the past six years that make it seem like keto no&nbsp;&nbsp; longer works. The first is the dilution of keto,&nbsp; from snacks to scare tactics to extremes; today's&nbsp;&nbsp; keto is not the same as it once was. The second is&nbsp; a collective mindset shift, which I will explain. You know, the keto diet is not&nbsp; new. It originated back in the&nbsp;&nbsp; 1920s as a treatment for children with epilepsy. Dr. Atkin's work in the mid-1900s gave&nbsp; the concept of eating a high-fat/low-carb&nbsp;&nbsp; diet a new puff of life at the turn&nbsp; of this century that was then fully&nbsp;&nbsp; revived back around 2016 when the&nbsp; ketogenic diet found social media. Suddenly, the Internet was flooded&nbsp; with success stories and before&nbsp;&nbsp; and after pictures of incredible weight loss&nbsp; results that came about due to nothing other&nbsp;&nbsp; than shopping for and eating different foods&nbsp; from the grocery store. No supplements were&nbsp;&nbsp; needed. No semaglutide "miracle drugs" were&nbsp; needed. In fact, the entry level was barely&nbsp;&nbsp; perceivable. You just put different foods&nbsp; in your grocery cart, and you lost weight. That still works. But we stopped working it. Eating keto meant giving up things like cookies,&nbsp; cakes, and candies. There was no gray area. If you&nbsp;&nbsp; ate a cookie, you were kicked out of ketosis&nbsp; and no longer following a ketogenic diet. Today, we eat keto cookies. When net carbs became a thing, keto cookies&nbsp; and other keto snacks became a thing. And&nbsp;&nbsp; we were more than happy to go along with it&nbsp; because now - suddenly - we could eat cookies. I like cookies. But I know they are not the&nbsp; secret to weight loss. I want them to be. But&nbsp;&nbsp; they are not. They are not today, and they won't&nbsp; be tomorrow. Manipulating the ingredients so&nbsp;&nbsp; 15 total carbs magically turn into 3 net carbs&nbsp; offers you nothing more than an empty promise. You will eat more calories than you need, some&nbsp; of those non-digestible carbs will be digested,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your cravings for more sweet&nbsp; treats will not quiet down. Scare tactics make great headlines, and&nbsp; the word cholesterol can strike fear into&nbsp;&nbsp; the healthiest among us. My husband has&nbsp; a family history of heart disease, so I&nbsp;&nbsp; do not take the topic lightly. LDL cholesterol&nbsp; can increase when you follow a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; and as we all know, LDL carries with&nbsp; it the nickname "bad cholesterol." The question raised by Dr. Paul Mason&nbsp; in this video that I will link to is,&nbsp;&nbsp; what is the evidence that high LDLs will kill you? In his video, he points to this systematic review&nbsp; titled "Lack of an association or an inverse&nbsp;&nbsp; association between low-density-lipoprotein&nbsp; (LDL) cholesterol and mortality in the elderly." Systematic reviews are not looking at one&nbsp; experimental study. Instead, they review&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple studies, looking for patterns. That&nbsp; makes them valuable because you now have a&nbsp;&nbsp; large population of study participants from which&nbsp; to draw conclusions. This review paper assessed&nbsp;&nbsp; more than 68,000 individuals and found that those&nbsp; with the highest LDL levels lived the longest. Our understanding of the human body has&nbsp; grown so much over the past century.&nbsp;&nbsp; Multiple cardiovascular risk factors&nbsp; have been identified, from high HbA1c,&nbsp;&nbsp; triglycerides, and inflammatory&nbsp; markers to LDL particle size. In fact, here is a figure from a paper published&nbsp; in 2022 showing 13 known cardiovascular disease&nbsp;&nbsp; risk factors. Low-carb dieting was shown to&nbsp; be beneficial for 12 of those cardiovascular&nbsp;&nbsp; outcomes, yet we continue to reduce&nbsp; heart health to one factor - LDLs. I am not saying that LDL cholesterol is&nbsp; never part of the problem. It can be,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially if the particles become oxidized&nbsp; or you have too many of them. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; the idea of LDL cholesterol as a single&nbsp; causative factor needs more scrutiny. There are companies with a vested&nbsp; interest in upholding this fear&nbsp;&nbsp; that high LDLs are the end-all-be-all of&nbsp; cardiovascular disease. I encourage you&nbsp;&nbsp; to learn more. I will link to&nbsp; this study, Dr. Mason's video,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my video on cholesterol and low-carb&nbsp; dieting to help you start that learning. If fewer carbs are good,&nbsp; would not no carbs be better? It may be surprising to hear, but your body&nbsp; can run without eating carbohydrates. And&nbsp;&nbsp; this is not just conjecture. This&nbsp; paper, published on NIH's website,&nbsp;&nbsp; states that the dietary carbohydrates you&nbsp; need to consume to stay alive is zero,&nbsp;&nbsp; provided that adequate amounts&nbsp; of protein and fat are consumed. However, you do not need to give up all carbs to&nbsp;&nbsp; follow a low-carb or even keto diet.&nbsp; Some people do. You do not have to. Yet, this idea that keto equals&nbsp; no carb may cause a friend to look&nbsp;&nbsp; at you with concern when you tell&nbsp; them you are starting a keto diet. You can eat a daily salad and have a daily side&nbsp; dish of vegetables with a meal and maintain&nbsp;&nbsp; ketosis. The keto meal plans I provide on my&nbsp; website include them. If you want an easy list&nbsp;&nbsp; to refer to, download my free list of low-carb&nbsp; foods. It gives you 100 foods to choose from. What these aspects of diluting keto - keto&nbsp; snacks, scare tactics, extremes - have done&nbsp;&nbsp; is they have introduced doubt. And when that&nbsp; gets in your head, results cannot happen. In 2017, we were observing keto success&nbsp; everywhere. YouTube, Facebook, Instagram,&nbsp;&nbsp; whatever was around back then was&nbsp; filled with before and after pictures. Doubt is always present, but it was overridden&nbsp; by what you were observing with your own eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Those observations created motivational&nbsp; thoughts: "I think I can do this." "Oh&nbsp;&nbsp; my gosh. This is different, but I&nbsp; like those foods." "I can do this." As I said, doubt is always a thing. But back then,&nbsp;&nbsp; our focus was diverted away from doubt&nbsp; to success. What you focus on, you find. Today, those diluting factors we talked&nbsp; about have allowed doubt to trickle back in. "Those keto cookies are everywhere;&nbsp; they can't be that bad. Or at least,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are a step in the right direction.&nbsp; Right?" "I'm going to try them." "I get that LDL cholesterol is not the&nbsp; end-all-be-all of health. But it is scary." "My friend is right. Life is not worth&nbsp; living if I can never eat carbs again!" Our focus slowly shifted from keto works to&nbsp; keto does not work. What you focus on, you find. I do not have all of the answers. I do not know&nbsp; which diet is best for you, and I am not telling&nbsp;&nbsp; you to go keto. My diet is not low enough in carbs&nbsp; to maintain ketosis throughout the week. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; I eat a low-carb diet and practice intermittent&nbsp; fasting, so my body will produce ketones when&nbsp;&nbsp; my glucose level is low and they are needed.&nbsp; That is called being metabolically flexible,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it is a wonderful thing because my&nbsp; body efficiently shifts between running&nbsp;&nbsp; on carbs and running on fat. So, I am never&nbsp; without energy, and I am able to test that. The bottom line of this video is&nbsp; to pick your path, put blinders on,&nbsp;&nbsp; and go. Download my list of 100 low-carb&nbsp; foods. Eat from that list and get a Lumen&nbsp;&nbsp; to see what your body is burning. Are&nbsp; there other low-carb foods? Yes. There are&nbsp;&nbsp; thousands. Are you feeling stuck? Eat from&nbsp; the list, monitor your metabolism, and go. I will provide all of the links mentioned in&nbsp; this video in the description or "more" area&nbsp;&nbsp; below this video. If you would like to get a&nbsp; Lumen breath analyzer, use my link to save $75 I hope this video was helpful. You can do this.&nbsp; It does not matter where you are starting. Please&nbsp;&nbsp; click the subscribe button before you so we&nbsp; can stay in touch and share this video with&nbsp;&nbsp; your community. It means a lot to me when&nbsp; you do so. Have a great rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @richardmullins2850 [1 likes]: Yes I have lost 60lbs in 1 year and still have about 40lbs to go but have been in a stall lose/gain for about 2 years now getting tired and confused
  2. @CJ-ft9yo: I eat meat eggs green veg with different good fats and eat sea salt mag ACV  but still feel bad on this diet, the brain fog and weakness is off the scale, only just get through my job, 20th day into ketosis, not hungry 18:6 but lost 600 grams, not even water weight.   I’m not sure if I can make 8 months  just to loose 8 kg feeling this  awful all the time…  ketones are jet fuel for the brain and body?    Really ?  I feel like I’ve  been given water not the kool aid. I don’t even have extra energy to walk the dog.  I think I’ll have porridge, today hopefully will feel myself.
  3. @cryptidhunter9901: Utterly useless diet for me. I require carbs to function as I lead a very active and demanding lifestyle. I tried keto many years ago while I was working out hard, and I had no energy to perform!
  4. @tatsumasa6332: commercial
  5. @bellaburke4948: I definitely have a sweet tooth. I blend cottage cheese yogurt and protein powder then I freeze before putting in my ninja creami! Yummy treat!
  6. @mrspedrosweet: Oh dear! I forgot about you Dr Gillaspy, when I gave up keto diet because I did not do it properly and ended up gaining weight + got a surgery (appendicitis) and gave up and for some other personal reasons... but now that I am back to low carb and clearly needing a keto diet, I wrote your name again in the search bar and i am so ashamed to admit that your intelligence and personality were greatly missed! I mean... how on earth did I stop to watch your videos... i wasn't ready for all these truths right in my face when all I wanted to hear was that keto diet was a trend or "not for me" when I knew it was my solution. Now I lost 10kg with a low carb high protein diet (but not high fat) and I am more than ready for real food, and yes maybe a few treats for birthdays or christmas... I am not perfect. But thank you for your videos I missed you so much! Your voice, your tone, your science and the way you explain it! impossible to watch your videos without being amazed by the reality just in front of us! Thank you Dr Gillaspy. You just made my day. AGAIN.
  7. @sandycastles7105: Metabolically flexible' well put!  that way, a few berries too many will stay your course and not psych you out.
  8. @ronlentjes2739: I threw away 90% of foods into garbage and only eat whole foods, butter, clarified butter, whole cream milk, vegetables, fruit, salmon, eggs, nuts, hard cheese. No wheat. No sugar. No artificial sugar. No Vegetable Oil. No Aluminium. No processed foods. I only sweeten with fruits. Kinda like a keto'-veg-fruit high fat low carb diet - not in ketosis. But do 7 day water and minerals in ketosis fasting once in a while. Lots of energy. Works for me. Oh yes, avoid anything in a package including "Keto Friendly"!
  9. @ensignj3242: Garbage! Keto does work.  I now do ADF because I like fruit and less restriction.  But, with ADF I drop into Keto during the 36 hour fasts.
  10. @kotcherd: Is the $75 discount on the Lumen no longer in effect?
  11. @theycallmethequeen: I got that lumen device but didn’t know if it was legit!  Thanks for the info
  12. @artmaltman: I give up after 2 min.   What is the answer to the question — why did keto stop working for him?   Does keto only work temporarily?  Do people find it too hard and give up?  Thank you.
  13. @giusslecce9917: La dieta chetogenica è in assoluto la migliore
  14. @葉瓊鞠: 整體重點概述
曾有效，但逐漸失靈：
影片一開始提到2017年的真實案例──她的丈夫在九個月內瘦下 81 磅，血糖與發炎指標迅速回復理想值，讓當時許多人見證了 Keto 的神效果。但如今「Keto 成功故事」已不如以往那麼常見，似乎 Keto 不再像以前那般「神奇」
Keto 為何好像不再有效？
Dr. Gillaspy 認為主要有兩大因素：

Keto 零食商品的普及與濫用： 當前市面上所謂「低碳零食」雖宣稱淨碳少，但熱量高又含甜味或加工成分，導致攝入熱量過高、破壞飲食紀律，反而阻礙脂肪燃燒。

膽固醇恐懼心理影響： 因為有人在 Keto 飲食後 LDL（壞膽固醇）增加，引發部分人對 Keto 安全性的懷疑與逃離

飲食心態與「稀釋效應」：
「Keto」一詞變得模糊和寬鬆，人們透過攝取「Keto 零食」、追求極端與迷信網紅口號，使得 Keto 飲食不再純粹，集體認知與飲食行為受此稀釋，導致效果下降


✅ 重點條列
方面	內容
過去 Keto 優勢	快速減重、改善血糖與發炎指標，效果顯著。
導致 Keto 效果下降的主因	◾ 加入過多「Keto 零食」導致熱量過高 ◾ 膽固醇問題引發戒斷 ◾ 飲食認知與心態被稀釋
核心建議	回歸「純 Keto」原則，即限制碳水、不攝取加工 Keto 零食、並維持心態專注。

🎯 總結與建議
Keto 本身仍然可以有效，但關鍵在於：「你吃的是純粹的低碳高脂食物嗎？或是被「Keto 標籤」包裝的加工零食取代了？」

若你追求健康或減肥效果，應該側重於高品質全食物，而非依賴加工 Keto 商品。

同時，保持對脂質變化的監測（尤其 LDL）與飲食心態的穩定，是 Keto 成敗的關鍵。

Dr. Gillaspy 提到的改善策略


我來幫你整理 Dr. Becky Gillaspy 在 〈Why Keto No Longer Works〉 中提到的改善策略（繁體詳細版）：

🔄 Dr. Gillaspy 的 Keto 改善策略
1⃣ 回到「乾淨 Keto」原則
少碰加工「Keto 零食」

不要依賴「零碳餅乾」「Keto 巧克力」等包裝食品，即使淨碳低也可能高熱量、高甜味劑。

❤❤😊😊強調 全食物：肉類、蛋、魚、海鮮、低碳蔬菜、天然脂肪（橄欖油、酥油、牛油果油等）。

2⃣ 避免熱量過剩
即使低碳，也可能熱量超標

許多人 Keto 失敗的原因不是碳水回升，而是熱量攝取過多。

建議：

觀察份量：肉類、乳製品、堅果的攝取不宜無限放開。

偶爾短期減少脂肪攝入，讓身體動用儲存脂肪。

3⃣ 監控膽固醇與血脂
有些人在 Keto 後 LDL 升高，可能因為攝取太多飽和脂肪。

建議：

優先選擇 單元不飽和脂肪（如橄欖油、酪梨、夏威夷果）。

若 LDL 升幅過高，可暫時增加低澱粉蔬菜或低升糖水果，以平衡血脂。

4⃣ 加入間歇性斷食（Intermittent Fasting）
斷食與 Keto 相輔相成：

Keto 幫助控制飢餓，斷食則進一步提升脂肪動員與胰島素敏感性。

建議嘗試：

16/8 時間限制進食法（16 小時斷食，8 小時內進食）。

或 隔日斷食（每週 1–2 次輕度卡路里限制日）。

5⃣ 減少飲食鬆散與心態漂移
Keto 剛開始有效是因為飲食紀律嚴格，後期「習慣」後往往放鬆。

建議：

每隔數週 重新檢視食物內容與分量。

可短期回到 嚴格型 Keto（20g 碳水以下），重新啟動燃脂機制。

👉 總結
Dr. Gillaspy 認為 Keto 沒有效果不是因為 Keto 本身失效，而是執行品質下降。她的核心策略就是 回歸純淨飲食、控制總熱量、監控健康指標、搭配斷食、維持紀律。
  15. @wendyluckie4537: When keto stalls, FASTING is the only answer
  16. @Vieweratlarge: I hit the ‘more’ button to find and download the list of low carb foods and all I saw was the coupon for lumen. Where is the list and how can I get to it, thanks.
  17. @FastTrackWellness: nice
  18. @standingbear998: worked for me, lost 40lbs rather easily at 67 yrs old and now at 70 still off and feeling great.
  19. @hai.1820: No need to do keto. 
Stay under 100 gr of carbs/day and you're good.
  20. @swolgel1: I have insulin resistance, do IF 18/6, eat <20 grams carbs a day, and take Ozempic.  I used to lose weight and now I just gain weight.  I cannot do exercises as I have lymphedema in my legs.  Any or all help is greatly appreciated.

- Before and after: New Orleans woman shares success story with keto diet: Kind: captions Language: en KELLIE: IT’S THE WEIGHT LOSS CRAZE CREATING A BUZZ AROUND THE WORLD. THE LOW CARB, HIGH FAT KETOGENIC DIET. IT’S WORKED WONDERS FOR LOCAL TRAINER CANDACE BRISCO. >> WITH THIS DIET, I AM LOOKING AT PERFECT NUMBERS, PERFECT CHOLESTEROL NUMBERS. I FEEL AMAZING. KELLIE: AT HER HIGHEST WEIGHT, BRISCO WEIGHED 315 POUNDS. SHE’S NOW 165 AND HER BEFORE AND AFTER PHOTOS ARE TAKING SOCIAL MEDIA BY STORM. SHE SAYS HER WEIGHT GAIN SPIRALED AFTER LOSING HER MOM TO CANCER. >> ALL I DID WAS EAT AND WORK. I WAS IN A REALLY DARK PLACE. I WAS SO ASHAMED OF WHERE I WAS LETTING MYSELF GO. IT SEEMED LIKE I COULDN’T CONTROL IT. IT WAS THE ONLY COMFORT I HAD. KELLIE: BRISCO, A REGISTERED NURSE SAYS HER FINAL TURNING POINT CAME WHILE HAVING HER SIZE 14 DRESS FITTED FOR A FRIEND’S WEDDING. >> THE SEAMSTRESS LAUGHED AND TOLD ME I WOULD HAVE TO GET ANOTHER SIZE 14 DRESS FOR HER TO SO THE TWO TOGETHER. I WAS REALLY EMBARRASSED AND ASHAMED. KELLIE: MEDICAL EXPERT DOCTOR COREY HEBERT SAYS WITHOLDING CARBS PUTS YOUR BODY INTO WHAT’S CALLED KETOSIS MODE BY FORCING IT TO USE STORED FAT. HE SAYS WHEN DONE RIGHT, IT COULD WORK. >> IT FOOLS YOUR BODY INTO A STATE OF FEELING LIKE IT’S STARVING. ONCE IT’S STARVING, YOUR BODY SAYS I HAVE STORED ALL THIS FACT AROUND MY BODY, I CAN CHANGE IT TO SUGAR. KELLIE: HE SAYS IT SHOULD NOT BE TAKEN LIGHTLY. >> IF YOU DON’T EAT ANY CARBOHYDRATES, YOU CAN HAVE HYPOGLYCEMIA AND PASS OUT. JUST DO THINGS SLOWLY. KELLIE: INSTEAD OF FOCUSING ON THE THINGS YOU CAN’T HAVE, FOCUS ON THE THINGS YOU CAN INDULGE IN. EGGS, BACON, STEAKS, BURGERS, WONDERFUL SALAD, WINGS, RANCH. KELLIE: ALWAYS CONSULT WITH A

- My success story with Katrin Crum: Kind: captions Language: en My husband made me feel like the prettiest girl in the room at 307 pounds. But he was very concerned about my health. I was well on my way to an early death, stroke or heart attack. And I've gone to a lot of different doctors over the years. My doctor said, "You've got to make a change our you're not going to be here much longer." I started on a low-carb path about two years and a half ago. The first thing I did was get off wheat and sugar and that was the beginning point. And then I moved into a pretty traditional low-carb diet. A lot of the reason that prior diets failed for me is because the craving cycle would be so intense, after a little while I would just cave-in. For the first time my appetite started to come under control and in 18 month I lost 150 pounds. I just think there's a big misnomer out there that people that are overweight are just fat and lazy people. That is absolutely not true. And I don't think there's anybody who is morbidly obese and ill who says, "I want to be this way." They just don't know the way. You do have to dig deep at certain points in the journey. 150 pounds is a lot of weight to lose. What I would tell people is just don't give up hope. There is a way to regain your health and reverse the trend of obesity. So now I'm off all medications, my blood pressure is completely normalized, I have no more symptoms of PCOS, I don't have hypertension, I'm no longer pre-diabetic. I am actually healthier now at almost 50 than I was in my 30s and 40s. And so that's what low-carb and keto has done for me. This is one of my pictures after losing 150 pounds. And I actually lost over 100 inches, which is really amazing as well. So I went zip-lining for the first time and snorkeling and walking to the top of the Mayan pyramids and just all of these amazing experiences that I would not have been able to do. Just things like that, just being able to actively participate in life instead of, you know, sitting on the sidelines. It's so much more than the weight loss. The weight loss is a beautiful and wonderful byproduct. But it's being able to regain your health and really be able to fully enjoy your life again.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marysteeves1882 [6 likes]: Reversing your health issues,   u are such an inspiration.   Thank you for having the courage to share your story.
  2. @gaypreator8547 [4 likes]: Congratulations. The Health Results.  👍. Enjoy the rest of you Journey.
  3. @IndyRickHikes [3 likes]: 👏outstanding! Diet Doctor is the best! Authentic information delivered with great integrity!
  4. @Lorettasmiles [1 likes]: Congratulation
  5. @annettefowler4704 [1 likes]: WELL DONE!!!
  6. @tatsumasa6332 [1 likes]: ✌👍👌😊😃
  7. @MorineBarnes: Diet Doctor. My Success Story With Katrin Crum Good News. Thanks For Sharing.Tier 4 Bariatric Weight Management. Dr RB Chitre & Dr S Dasari. Thanks You. 🙌🏽😘👩‍⚕️👨‍⚕️🥥🍌.

- LOW CARB vs KETO? WHAT ARE THE DIFFERENCES! How can you actually lose weight?: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel so today I&nbsp; want to talk about keto versus low carb a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of you had questions regarding like what's&nbsp; the difference can you still lose weight on&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb so most of you know that I've lost over&nbsp; 100 pounds I've been maintaining my weight for&nbsp;&nbsp; over 15 years I've done most of it through low&nbsp; carb and keto so I obviously have a lot to say&nbsp;&nbsp; and I've just been through a lot on both ends&nbsp; so I feel like if you're trying to do low carb&nbsp;&nbsp; or you're trying to do keto I'm just going to&nbsp; kind of explain very briefly what the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; is between the two and like what I've noticed&nbsp; on each so again I'm not a doctor this is just&nbsp;&nbsp; from personal experience that I'm gonna share&nbsp; my tips things that have worked for me things&nbsp;&nbsp; that have not worked for me and hopefully it'll&nbsp; be helpful for you too all right so I just made&nbsp;&nbsp; a quick coffee so we could sit down and chat&nbsp; but I just want to go over the difference in&nbsp;&nbsp; facts so how much fat you eat on both the carbs&nbsp; because that's super important and then also&nbsp;&nbsp; weight loss because ultimately if you're doing&nbsp; either or it's more than likely um to lose a&nbsp;&nbsp; few pounds okay so let's go sit down and then&nbsp; we're just going to go over everything [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; coffee is so good it's like literally my favorite&nbsp; thing okay so let's talk about the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; between keto versus low carb so very very simply&nbsp; put keto you need to stay under 20 net carbs low&nbsp;&nbsp; carb you say under a hundred net carbs so the&nbsp; carbohydrates are really important when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; doing keto because in order for your body to&nbsp; be in a ketogenic state which means that you&nbsp;&nbsp; are burning fat for fuel you need to stay&nbsp; under the 20-minute carbs now some people&nbsp;&nbsp; need to go under 10 net carbs why it just it&nbsp; varies person to person so some people lose&nbsp;&nbsp; weight like this on keto some people struggle a&nbsp; little bit more because they might have insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; resistance because they might have just other&nbsp; other whether it's like PCOS or things like that&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are someone that has tried keto it did not&nbsp; work for you comment down below let me know what&nbsp;&nbsp; your experience was but again this is just from&nbsp; personal experience and from experience with my&nbsp;&nbsp; family and people that I know close to me and&nbsp; also doctors in the space that I'm really close&nbsp;&nbsp; to that obviously I've learned so much from Over&nbsp; the over the last few years you can lose weight&nbsp;&nbsp; on both okay we'll talk about weight loss a little&nbsp; later what I want to cover right now is also the&nbsp;&nbsp; fats like what is the real difference in terms&nbsp; of of foods right so if you're doing keto you&nbsp;&nbsp; are going to be eating eggs you're going to&nbsp; be eating protein you're going to be eating&nbsp;&nbsp; high fat because keto is definitely more of a&nbsp; high fat diet that's literally your fuel source&nbsp;&nbsp; versus low carb so low carb it can be more of&nbsp; a high protein which is why I thrive on a low&nbsp;&nbsp; carb diet because I love protein protein makes&nbsp; me feel really good it makes me feel energized&nbsp;&nbsp; and it makes me feel satiated like I actually feel&nbsp; full not to say that keto didn't I did both I've&nbsp;&nbsp; lost weight on both I've been successful on both I&nbsp; think that it what it really gets down to is what&nbsp;&nbsp; do you feel the best with like if you've never&nbsp; tried either or give them both a try they both&nbsp;&nbsp; work they're both they both have their perks I&nbsp; would say if you are trying to go the keto route&nbsp;&nbsp; keto can make you lose body fat like this the&nbsp; reason why you can lose weight so quickly on keto&nbsp;&nbsp; or how I should say how is by intermittent fasting&nbsp; so when you intermittent fast your body you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; putting food into your body you're not putting&nbsp; calories into your body you're not putting sugar&nbsp;&nbsp; into your body so your body stays in a faceted&nbsp; state your insulin is very very low and so when&nbsp;&nbsp; you eat anything like let's say you eat three&nbsp; eggs and some avocado your body that keeps your&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin very low almost as if you're in a facet&nbsp; State as soon as your body Burns through that&nbsp;&nbsp; fat it goes right back into bringing your own&nbsp; body fat for fuel right so if you do a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; intermittent fasting with keto you will lose a&nbsp; lot of body fat because your fuel source is fat&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you are overweight your your body has extra&nbsp; fat to burn mentally it's a struggle because we're&nbsp;&nbsp; so accustomed and used to eating right it's just&nbsp; like almost like a habit and I want to go off on&nbsp;&nbsp; a tangent but going over the um the differences&nbsp; between keto and and low carb with keto it is&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely a lot more fat in your diet if you're&nbsp; doing low carb you can do low fat low carb that&nbsp;&nbsp; works so well for me because I like I'm a snacker&nbsp; I love to snack I love to eat protein I love like&nbsp;&nbsp; to eat chicken breast I love fish I love veggies&nbsp; fat has a lot more calories than carbs and protein&nbsp;&nbsp; so your meals are smaller but they're just&nbsp; as filling so it really just depends on your&nbsp;&nbsp; mentality and it depends on what works for you&nbsp; personally at the end of the day diets all work&nbsp;&nbsp; okay they all truly do work whether you decide&nbsp; to go vegan to lose weight whether you decide&nbsp;&nbsp; to go paleo whether you decide to go low calorie&nbsp; I don't recommend that but whether you decide to&nbsp;&nbsp; go low carb or keto they will all work if you are&nbsp; consistent and you actually stick to it I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know um you guys probably know a lot of people&nbsp; that have lost weight they lose 20 pounds and then&nbsp;&nbsp; boom they gain it back why because they did it in&nbsp; a way that was not sustainable for them so they&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe half starve themselves worked out at the gym&nbsp; seven days a week they're not going to continue&nbsp;&nbsp; their life like that forever right so the what I&nbsp; suggest is is just doing something that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; do long term where you're still going to be able&nbsp; to have dessert here and there you're still going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be able to do things that you love to do but&nbsp; majority of the time you're going to stick to like&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb which is what I do and again I'm speaking&nbsp; from personal experience when I do more of a low&nbsp;&nbsp; carb I'm definitely doing more low fat low fat&nbsp; high protein that works wonders for me as long as&nbsp;&nbsp; I am consistent I will see the scale move I will&nbsp; see the changes in my body if you if I add in a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit of exercise three days a week even that&nbsp; much better if you don't have a gym membership you&nbsp;&nbsp; can do like little YouTube workouts I'm trying&nbsp; to put together like a little home workout really&nbsp;&nbsp; just to kind of help tone up your booty tone up&nbsp; your legs from like you know the comfort of your&nbsp;&nbsp; home that's what I'm working on with my trainer&nbsp; right now but overall I think if you just want&nbsp;&nbsp; to get it out of the way keto works it's a it's&nbsp; effective it's a little more restrictive but it&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely works if you want to eat a little&nbsp; a little bit more food like actual snacks and&nbsp;&nbsp; you know more meals throughout the day you could&nbsp; definitely do a little bit more low carb because&nbsp;&nbsp; you are going to go over your carbohydrates on&nbsp; a keto diet at the end of the day it really just&nbsp;&nbsp; gets down to what is more sustainable for you to&nbsp; to do long term keto is definitely more high fat&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb is definitely more like high protein&nbsp; low fat so that's pretty much the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; between keto and low carb okay so I also wanted&nbsp; to talk about weight loss because I feel like if&nbsp;&nbsp; someone is trying to do low carb or keto it's&nbsp; definitely geared towards losing a few pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; um so I've lost weight on both I originally lost&nbsp; a hundred pounds in six months on low carb so low&nbsp;&nbsp; carb is also very very effective it just has to be&nbsp; done right and it has to be done consistently I've&nbsp;&nbsp; also lost weight on keto the I will say that with&nbsp; keto the weight can come off very very quickly but&nbsp;&nbsp; it definitely feels a little more restrictive when&nbsp; you're doing keto you have more energy you have&nbsp;&nbsp; less Cravings because your insulin is very very&nbsp; low when your insulin spikes that's when you want&nbsp;&nbsp; the chips that's when you want the sugar that's&nbsp; when you want cookies and ice cream your body&nbsp;&nbsp; prefers sugar over fat as soon as you have some&nbsp; your body wants more more more so I don't know if&nbsp;&nbsp; you've noticed that if you're like you're on track&nbsp; you're doing good and then you just so happen to&nbsp;&nbsp; have candy are used so happen to have cookies or&nbsp; you so happen to have something that has carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin goes through the roof and then your body&nbsp; is like give me more what's going to help out&nbsp;&nbsp; for low carb when you're trying to lose weight is&nbsp; you're going to do lower fats so you're not going&nbsp;&nbsp; to focus so much on eating so much fat instead of&nbsp; having like a lot of fatty meat you're gonna have&nbsp;&nbsp; chicken breasts you're gonna have turkey you can&nbsp; have like a lean meat you can have like a lean&nbsp;&nbsp; fish you can definitely lose weight on both it&nbsp; really just depends like what is going to make&nbsp;&nbsp; you feel happy like I'm all about feeling good&nbsp; I'm all about feeling happy like if I feel super&nbsp;&nbsp; restricted and I feel like I'm on this crazy diet&nbsp; I'm not happy like right now I just so happen to&nbsp;&nbsp; be doing keto even though like in my mind I'm&nbsp; like I'm just doing what feels good to me what&nbsp;&nbsp; feels comfortable to me in my mind I know that I&nbsp; am just sticking to very very low carb very and&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm doing very low carb high protein and then and&nbsp; low to moderate fat the thing is I don't like the&nbsp;&nbsp; label of it because it puts too much pressure on&nbsp; me and I think that I'm just kind of going with&nbsp;&nbsp; the flow like how do I feel today you know if I&nbsp; need a little extra veggies I'm going to do that&nbsp;&nbsp; if I need a little extra protein I'm going to&nbsp; do that so I feel like you just really need to&nbsp;&nbsp; listen to your body listen to your body stick&nbsp; to Whole Foods and the results will follow I&nbsp;&nbsp; promise you like I have lost over 100 pounds&nbsp; twice now I think I'm currently losing a few&nbsp;&nbsp; pounds and I'm just doing it in a way that feels&nbsp; just really good to me so if you've tried either&nbsp;&nbsp; or if you've lost if you've been successful at&nbsp; keto or you've been successful on a low carb&nbsp;&nbsp; diet share your story I'd love to hear your&nbsp; experience I love to know how much weight&nbsp;&nbsp; you've lost overall I hope that this video was&nbsp; really helpful I hope it answered your questions&nbsp;&nbsp; um regarding like keto versus low carb if&nbsp; you like this video make make sure you hit&nbsp;&nbsp; that like button share this video with friends&nbsp; family that might be considering to do keto or&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb maybe just on starting their weight&nbsp; loss Journey it might be really helpful to&nbsp;&nbsp; them but thank you guys so much for being here&nbsp; I love you and I will see you on my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @LowCarbLove [62 likes]: What’s your currently lifestyle? Are you low carb? Keto? Just eat healthy? I would love to know in comments below!!
  2. @thegams5484: How many calories and fat should you have on a low carb diet? ❤
  3. @merakidancecompany: The music is very distracting
  4. @rafaelaortiz5756: Wow its so important for you to make more videos explaining this again. Low carb and keto are different but they can be used in combination to get results❤ tell us how u alternated diets and for what periods also please remind people that you have to keep a calorie deficit no matter what. What apps do you use?❤❤❤❤Ty!!!
  5. @kathynewkirk683: I did keto for years!  It was excellent for wt management.  But, I developed disordered eating issues!  My cholesterol went through the roof! There  is no bad food, only a bad diet.  And keto is not optimal.  All diets work, but not all are optimal!  And it limits your exercise. Fasting raises your cortisol.  I now do a low carb diet healthy fat, high healthy carb and moderate lean proteins protein. And eating 3 meals a day! People, please don’t go down this rabbit hole!  It’s not just about weight, it’s about health!
  6. @bendaas8446: My plan is to do keto and reach my goal then switch to low carb
  7. @wayneschneider7795: Great info, but the music is distracting
  8. @TheCelestialhealer: Love your style and advice. I l😅st 35 kg on keto, but got sick of the fat and now I am low carb, low fat, higher protein.
  9. @morganashley22: I stick with <50g net carbs for keto. Down 27.5lbs in 10.5 weeks!
  10. @stephaniesolis2835: I struggled my whole life trying to lose weight and I have no health issues. I did the low/no carb high protein approach and I just did stretching, no strain exercise and within a year I lost 80 lbs. Home exercises are great if you can’t afford gyms or you’re insecure. I tried keto and I felt sick. I tried the military diet and it wasn’t bad, I lost 20 lbs. but , my favorite is the high protein low carb. Look up caldo recipes and you get your meat plus vegetables together, leave out the potatoes! Turkey and chicken air fried or baked with a salad and/or veggies. Look up vegetables carb charts and research before you eat.
  11. @coenfrieda: Interesting although a lot of scientist endocrinologists etc does not say it is about calories it is more about the insuline resistance effect from ultraprocessed foods, transfats, sugars in all kinds and or hidden forms so they promote whole food, fat of for instance wild salmon is great for you and fibres not to forget is very important.

To all of you I would like to say do not try to loose too many in too short time other than that you know you can do this for life.

In my 30s I went on diets, multiple kinds due to comments of relatives and friends. Yes I lost 20 lbs in 13 weeks and thought I know how it works so with christmas I feasted and bomb gained so much.....diet....loose, gained and destroyd my theroïd😢😢😢

Thyroïd meds made me gain 25 kilo again it is a struggle with chronic inflammation and fatique. It is not all about insuline resistance it can be caused by too high cortisol level as well, stress hormone or bad sleep.

I now eat 3 healthy fresh meals no snacks drink herbal tea, black coffee 1 cup, filtered water.

Walk a lot.

Want to go IF have to do test what eating window works the best for me.

Good luck
Yvonne

Loosing weight should never be a fight, you are beautifull as you are do only what makes you happy for yourself learn the difference between whole foods and ultra- and processed foods, hidden sugars.....eat whole fruit do not drink the juice you throw away the fibre from you need it it is all about healthy mitochondria in your brain cells etc if that is okay there is no problem.
  12. @lorib6509: Net vs total carbs make this information video a fail!  Net carbs is a way to over eat carbs!
  13. @andysteele5707: This is the first I've heard there is a difference. I assumed low carb and keto were the same. This helps great. I'm not over weight but want to shred some fat and maintain a weight. I train in the week don't eat much but binge and drink on the weekend and have struggled to get to the shape I want. Low carb sounds long term better. Great video 👍
  14. @nanetteochoa6614: I will love to see your workout
  15. @suefox5162: I am doing high protein low carb. And it works for me
  16. @heathermcbay5768: how many carbs in a day do u consume ? i started 2 weeks ago lost nothing, I am not trying to do keto just cut the carbs . I am doing about under 30 to 40 i am 65  . what is your suggestion ?
  17. @sandyfay9929: I’m definitely watching more of your videos! Low calorie isn’t working for me anymore!
  18. @MayEnriquez-ub1ed: wala manonood sau
  19. @ExplanationButton: Just finding this video now, but it’s SO HELPFUL. I tend to lean toward low carb, but when I tried keto, I got sick. Like, really sick. Chest pain, stomach issues, liver issues, I had a constant headache, and for the first time in my life I had high cholesterol levels. After five months, I was seriously worried I was headed for a heart attack. I have friends who have successfully lost weight and gotten healthy on keto, so I knew it could work, but my body told me loud and clear that it just wasn’t for me. I quit and within a few months felt back to normal, although my cholesterol levels have never gone back to pre-keto levels.

I just figured that low carb had to be keto-esque, I’ve never considered that low carb could also be significantly lower fat. So this is amazing, it’s like a piece of the puzzle that I was missing, thank you so much!
  20. @helenkeller7127: Under 50 net carbs, focusing on protein, and just adding fat if I’m really hungry worked well for me. I didn’t track fat at all. I didn’t see the point of making sure I had excessive fat past the first couple weeks if I want my body to burn my own.  No issues with that. But I am definitely addicted to sugar. One slip up and I struggle to get back. Low carb is definitely more sustainable for that reason. If I mess up, it’s not so hard to get back on track. It’s definitely not as difficult for social events.

- My success story with Mitzi Champion: Kind: captions Language: en I had a lot of metabolic dysfunction going on but I didn't really realize what was going on. I just kept researching and researching and found my way to low-carb. I went on my first low-carb cruise in 2010. They were talking about keto on that low-carb cruise and I said, "This keto thing, maybe there's something to it." Hi, I'm Mitzi Champion and I'm a nutritional therapy practitioner, I also do some keto coaching as well helping others, sharing this wonderful message of health recovery. I wanted to concentrate more on coaching people to take back their health and then when you realize that that's the direction you want to go, you can focus like a laser. For me it was really about realizing that if I didn't do something it was not going to end well. And as a woman we are judged sometimes by our outward appearance. And when you say, "It's okay, my time is over"... Well, I feel like I'm just discovering it again. The transformation was amazing, the way that I felt, the energy, the clear headedness. There was no sore feet, no sore legs, I don't have to rest, those kinds of milestones are amazing. Do it for the health recovery, the fatty liver is gone, the sleep apnea is gone, joint pain gone. I can wear fun shoes again because there's no plantar fasciitis anymore. I used to look at those shoes and say, "My days of wearing those kind of shoes are over." Who would have thought at 54 that I could be wearing those kind of shoes again? When I'm convinced that something is true it's very easy for me to grasp it and hold on to it. I'm just so amazed at the recovery and the changes in my body and I keep saying that there's more to it than just the health recovery. For a woman it can just be an amazing transformation. This is like a recovery of my spirit. I want to see how this can go. I honestly truly feel like I am aging in reverse. I feel better now at 54 than I ever felt when I was in my 40s. You've got to try it... What do you have to lose? You have so much to gain. All of these success stories that you see, there's no reason why it can't be you in this success story.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vickiecook8636 [13 likes]: Its absolutely wonderful! Keto is a miracle cure for so many.  Been living this life style for over a year now and love to testify to others!! I'm 64 and feel better than I did at 54 or 44 even!  I love love love my life!!
  2. @cincygal4490 [6 likes]: Thanks for sharing your story.  I am 59 and have lost 160 pounds.  Just as exciting is my arthritis pain in my knees is gone and I can go out and live life again.
  3. @laurafiliplaketexomareales4314 [5 likes]: Keto yes there is something to it..... 54 and taking back my life and health.
  4. @helenguilford3136 [5 likes]: I can wear fun shoes again too!
  5. @AtHomeByTheCreek [2 likes]: This is great to hear. I am 52 and need to change the downward spiral.  Everything you mentioned, I suffer it.
  6. @KetoCookbooksCorner [1 likes]: Your transformation is inspiring and a testament to the power of dedication and perseverance. Keep shining and motivating others to embrace a healthy lifestyle!
  7. @markheckman3987 [1 likes]: Gorgeous
  8. @sherridenkeogh4770 [1 likes]: I am also starting the keto lifestyle. Have failed a few times but keep trying. I love going on cruises but they are a total gluttony fest for me being a carb addict. I have never head of a low carb cruise before. Can you provide more info? Very interested. Thank you.
  9. @samuel1121 [1 likes]: Great message

- Ketogenic Diet For Over 40's: Kind: captions Language: en hello guys this is Alex here and given we are some of you may know us we are from the growing younger team the physio and given as the personal trainer and nutritional coach so given is their expert today we're going to discuss that ketogenic diets in the title of the actual today's webinar is is killer getting that right for you if you're over 40 so Gavin is going to reveal some breaks for information for you and he's going to answer some very interesting questions as you aware killer genic dad has been in the news in the media in the social media so a lot of you are I can't wait to get some interesting information about this topic but it helps a lot let's get it done go so well I'll start running the slide show all right cool so see at the title of the webinar is is the Killa genic diets right for you if you are over 40 and who will benefit from this webinar you will obviously benefit from this webinar if you're over 40 if you heard about the new killer Jenny Christ and you are sort of interested in it you don't quite sure if it's right for you but you are sort of keen to give it give it a go if you are confused by all this diet information and misinformation out there and you just don't know who to believe and what to believe in if you're finding it more difficult to keep the weight off as you get older most of us can relate to that when you were set up in your 20s you can eat whatever you like you can do whatever you like you keep the weight off but as you get older you really have to watch what you eat because every burger shows on your midsection quite easily if you try to lose a few kilos in the past and you failed again quite a few of us probably can relate to that too also you will benefit from this webinar if you found a diet that works so you met if you go is to lose some weight but you found that that diet gives you a lot of side effects are we going to kind of touch on that a little bit as well and if you are wondering about whether a ketogenic diet is safe for you particularly if you're over 40 and because our bodies change as we start to age a little bit and we're going to specifically talk about you know about this diet in relation to people who are over food so what led us to this webinar what has pushed us to present on this topic today obviously there's an increasing presence of killer genic diets in the social media in general media and it on TV and on the internet some of my own patients me being a physio I see a lot of people every day and some of them actually ask me have you heard about keto diet is it actually good is it real and you know actually healthy because I'm a physio I'm it's not exactly my area of expertise so we that's why we brought in Gavin today he's the is a real expert in nutrition so he's gonna spill some light for you on this topic today now obviously with all that height you know hide out there we really wanted to give you some breakthrough informations to clarify things for you as much as possible I know a lot of you are confused about you know there's been so many so much information about different diets and when I give you some clarification on this sorry so cabbage a diet is arguably the most popular diet right now in the whole entire world okay a lot of celebrities have claimed that they they're on the side and that's what actually helps to keep them thin looking rights particularly our one celebrity that springs to mind is Kelly berry she she claims that she's been using here a diet for quite a while and that's what actually keeps it keeps her looking bright and he keeps her weight off and what's actually even more interesting she claims that she she suffers from diabetes type 1 so she claims that Akira diet actually helps her control her diabetes so yeah interesting interesting information there and so I'm going to quickly introduce given and why he is so qualified to speak on the subject so given is a nutritional coach probably certified by precision attrition he is a certified personal trainer as well and that's that's what actually makes him so invaluable because he he's got this nutritional side to him but also he is also a personal trainer which is the exercise nutrition is so important if they if you can combine them together he's also he's got a personal experience of losing and keeping the weight off I think we should have mentioned that the old pictures of you given the before and after say yes he actually managed to lose the 20 kgs off which makes him qualified to speak on the subject in his work good you know doesn't is not a number of clients and he's helped a lot of people lose wait you know I feel better get more energy so he's done wrong that's why we we're gonna ask him a few questions today so I'm going to ask you a few questions okay so given first of all as an introduction can you give us information about what is Killa genic diet what does it actually mean he gently like as you said about it's a new craze right now it was actually not it's been going in there going on sand for like a hundred years or so and then in 1911 I think it was weird and some brilliant doctors kind of discovered this huge egg diet simply because help kids get over epilepsy they keep those just doesn't ketogenesis dive does it puts your body in similar conditions of fasting so there's lots of benefits to fasting now we could even do another video not lay down the track as well so our health benefits but when the kids are epilepsy it's all really good to be starving a child for a couple days just an epileptic fit so they stumble across the eugenic diet with a limited carbohydrate diet the the by consists mainly of fat and meat and protein and it helps stop if you like the the effects of epilepsy just being around since nineteen eleven is a long time ago I know obviously they've been studies along throughout the ages of all the years and where we are right now obviously you know it does have some benefits if you go near logical problems anything else but the general population which is all about certain people over 40 who are generally known people who just want to do some body fat again no need to address that right now so that little chart your screen irrigate the p-n mix meal is just it's just a meal you kind of promote with as part of my nutrition inside side of it and basically how you divide up your your food on the plates or your things and protein put its egg carbs and tapes and fats or carbohydrates usually come from complex carbohydrates like vegetables fruits and always with things then you know paleo and ketogenic or fine Stefano as well so if you're somebody likes to do CrossFit or you know people do CrossFit in football paleo all the time and sort of failure snacks and paleo bread something and the paleo bill is a higher-protein diet very low carbs and moderate fats and you got the other one which is just a low carb meal and you're mostly protein 10% carbohydrates and a 10% fat then you have the ketogenic English at the bottom and this is where it gets a little bit a little bit tough for us because it's actually low protein very very low carbs and you're looking mostly fat so when you're looking at a plate of food you know let's say for breakfast mercilessly you know cereal bread or toast or lacquers on the window you're pretty much eating fatty bacon eggs and butter you know who's you with butter you might sound okay for a while I must have no I did try this night a long time ago and himself a week of eating bacon in fat and tell you well this is not at all so what it means is that it becomes very very restrictive it's very very difficult to do and he's a bunch of side effects of people wait a minute that's basically all the key Gentile age is very very high fat fairly low protein and very very low carbs and that's that's what it kind of is so I guess in your opinion doesn't doesn't actually work so there's kind of two sides to this point and like I said touch on anyone if you're you know it helps the neurological diseases so if you if you eating for this plate for a proper reason may be a convert does it can you lose weight you can lose weight in it and simply because if you eliminate carbohydrates of your diet what happens when you take now plugging in your body and you converted to glucose and glycogen which is just the body energy I need your body uses it you go and your brain use it as well but if you eliminate carbohydrate from your diet what happens is is that you lose a lot of water weight because revery I think every gram of carbohydrate you take in you think we needs two grams of water to metabolize carbohydrates what means that you're you when you remove carbohydrates will be Diegan pletely you losing lots of water weight so it really really quick weight loss weight loss it's not fat loss so I asked you one if you understand it now as you are you want to loose a let's tasting ten kilos if you're the same weight as you are now but you actually very lean and toned and muscular male or female doesn't matter would you care about you wait and the answer is you probably would really care about your weight you think that losing weight would make you look slimmer and feel better actually in case okay before we're body composition so I'm going to body composition it doesn't really work you know long-term for fat loss because the initial weight you lose is going to be to simply water weight obviously and the other side of that as well if you cut out the complete food group from your diet like cooking carbohydrates you usually eat less calories which means that you're going to lose weight from less calories and you know you can do a few if your project and normal meals you have chickens of rice and you know vegetables if you take a rice away from your meal you just got chicken vegetables that's more a little cup paleo type time you know all you've done is you've kept a 300 calories from that one meal of rice and power behind it so if you did out with three times they'll be 900 calories or less what you're eating so therefore works in that respect simply because you're restricting calories and so in that respect can work but there's a much better way to do if you put burn them in okay so you I sort of mentioned that if you are on a keto diet you sort of tend to lose a bit of Florida but whatever whatever so will you would you say that you actually get dehydrated on being on our killer I think see you can do do they do promote drinking lots of water lots of protein the fact you kind of need me that's it how about as well so you can do the side effects that you get right from that keto diet yeah so if you if you decided to go on a keto diet you basically have to drink water that's right absolutely and yeah I guess you kind of touched on that but can you explain a little bit more these now how does it actually work or so Cheetos yes okay when you're talking about para means you go to help teachers or you go into state of ketosis and it's quite a fine balance and if you work this fast the state of ketosis happen for three days so it's for a long time over and what it does is today because your body when you you're our body needs glucose to run basically the energy of carbohydrates can see we need to feel our bodies or workout or brain all the mental thinking how everything needs to be preserved Leo goes if you eliminate glucose your body no longer has an energy source the way it does and what you're really amazing it will then start to release the fatty acids from from you and the fat cells in the body and it goes into the into the liver they bond with some people acetyl co a and any make make something for two doses pretty cool pretty good way to do it then keep going to meet in the liver the liver releases the ketones into the bloodstream and then the cells whatever it sound easy energy we'll grab the other ketones and do it and that then gives you the energy so I guess if you were to look at it in an easy sense glucose would be petrol on the fire you put on fire a big experiment and ketones of fat would be a log on the fire so you know if you need fast energy in that right now you need to do those and what we do we need a kind of fast energy if you just prologue on the fire yeah sure you'll burn particular little bit longer to get going and that's where the lethargy comes from and you know this is like it's just the tightness which we talk about in a second that's pretty much how you help you focus words without the without the yeah carbohydrates the feeling your body your body just makes - I'm done a little chemical reaction produces kingdoms that instead of you girls to give you energy to function that's basically how it works so to summarize it basically what happens is that because you're starving the body of glucose which is kind of hydrates yet you give the body no other choice but to start burning fats yeah that's right yeah right again cool since so what about specifically about people on the forty isn't a minute okay if you let's say that the goal was to lose weight well maybe any other goal isn't what's the risk for people over 40 well not really I don't believe it and simply because we got there are two hours of screening metabolism nuclear density as we get older okay we are no doubt about it you can kind of offset that with exercise and nutrition as well but your body when you meet time to slow down simply means you go to eat less calories to maintain a healthy weight you know it's just unfortunate loss squares so as you get older your nutrient density needs to go up so you need to eat better quality of foods to give you the minerals you need from less calories so you know you could say like a kilo of kale for our music is linked to of the calories that I don't know they you know that's lots of vitamins and minerals in it and you know a slice of cake or something I would be 400 calories is zero nutrients in there so you need to sort way up that way that up so if you're a lots of bad food you're gonna eat it to get all that for weight Don eat less nutrients and you're gonna be you know quite sick and sluggish and overweight so as you get all you really mindful it's not really worth the risk because as you get older it's harder to break those old habits and you know you're out of shape you just get puts no it's not get old and all that you know nutrition it's just much much older okay so yeah just to go into a bit more detail about the keto diet so one other give us a little bit more information about the pros and cons on fire of the keto diet yes all like you know even though you - the key today because it gives you information so it proves I mean if you want fast weight loss you don't really care what our weight is you just want to see some numbers on the scales it's absolutely a pro you know it does work and it does have a certain medical benefits as we spoke about diabetes and epilepsy and there and if you have got those things every day no use if your doctor and you'd be medication all us all things surrounding us so don't just think this is going to be cured let's not worry about but it's also pretty nasty yeah downsides to as well there's a couple of all I got a couple here as well so you're impaired concentration low moon injury and as I talked about I was simply because your body and if you do fat friend JV it's a little bit slower to do so you know you get priests like I feel like a hangover and when I did it personally I get a bit really groggy for a long time in the morning and if you like me a couple cups of coffee to get you up you know but leave Dan that's not a good thing together so he's absolutely no muscle gaining properties with with this rod because usually in less calories and we need carbohydrates to build muscle so as you get older you need to be stimulating muscle to keep the metabolism firing so you can eat a little bit more and you know hunt a little bit better so that's going to be a massive downside you you get nuclear deficiencies if you're only in 5% carbohydrates from your diet all you're gonna be eating is very minimal amounts of leafy greens it'd be like like cabbage spinach kale and you know pretty much working reductive therefore you missing out on fiber you miss her from really essential nutrients minerals Dalhousie in butter and fat you know there's not much in there least is just fat same with protein and you know a lot of fatty meats and stuff you know protein absolutely but you have another you know the minerals they've been seized the last source stuff as well asked us to me about it so without as well we're talking you if you do a long time you'll end up in osteoporosis high risk of bone fracture so as you get all there and use I hit do 40 50 60 your honor so cute on you go diet you're not getting any difference in your body so if you were to fall over you know as all the guys through only people do you can end up risk in a serious break because you've lost your process and your bun and you're sort of brittle bones of like look at that because really have socially you if you ever go for a meal and you're on a keto diet and go to any in Thank You percent of the eateries you go to you can t eaten all you can ask I was a steak you know pretty much gonna be done and you can't do it it's gets really really hard all the time you know you end up ostracizing yourself but they're from your friends and family not going happen and all the other benefits are getting older that you want to enjoy so we spoke about Corey Kluber so yeah other things well with every fiber diet you can end up with gastrointestinal disturbances regain that bit lots of epic diarrhea uganda vomiting loss and all you be really constipated and none of those things are very very blessed again we touched on deficiencies it must have come from weaknesses as well I could be done the law I don't know could be done sir like dehydration you know not gluten things like this big reports because losing the hair allocated diet increased inflammation you know too many or maybe six fat normal for me to freeze then with all the all the other stuff going on you it's a high risk of infection and you get sick all the time and if you put your children on it you tend to grow as well interesting growth because you're not getting all the difference they need so I'm pretty direct downside to the keto diet and obviously that's why because men to recommend it so if you're a personal 14 you're kind of trying to get yourself fit and healthy by exercising you know going through a ryan and swimmer doing like a gym class or something like that obviously you mentioned about having sort of weak muscles on the started yes there's kind of sounds of this counterproductive you you probably wouldn't be able to perform to your highest level so I mean even though this diet you know at this possibly more calories but because he can't exercise what you wanted it you wouldn't be able to exercise properly you can't doing this these calories they you know any other way so to me it sounds like it's a bit that's right I got a claim currently done amazing well you say see you on both cipro fights and 25 right now I need some some crazy like food and three and a half thousand powers they you need 26 freedom he owns you get about the kid and you gotta go it I'm whereas you know he's very strong if every fit and trained because he's a most like a reseller he does anything he said after the first week or two on the keto diet gym sessions just plummeted get up in the morning as well as dead as soon as you introduce cars back in just diet we're going to improve just mood improved everything improved you know it's a real life examples of transition you know they don't mix so yeah it's not cancel all that evil power and I guess so so we've discussed that the side effects of the killer diet and there's a few in fact this 13 of them but we discussed so and one of those fairness in terms of dieting like so in the day I guess you're dieting would needs to be thrown in a rubbish bin because if you want if you're on a diet he's gonna be off a day that's pretty worried you need to try to change the pull that to to run your health fitness and come up with like just a different way a new way of giving something you eat every day anyway all you need to do is is have you know a balanced meal and it sounds so simple but people really really struggle with it and as we go back to that slide from beginning about the year the problem you know you one up with 30 percent cut proteins board sent carbohydrates and in the restaurant fats with fats so we need to do is if you divide your plate up so you plate their divider epic their foods if you like and each one is gonna be once protein once vegetables and ones going to be you know complex carbohydrates it really is that simple and if you do that consistently gonna be okay then y'all so you need exercise and let me say exercise you don't need to and you hours and I was a cardio cardio which we really old as well is very very beneficial but it's not gonna really help you long term as you spoke about increase metabolism and weight training a resistance training as that with that then comes a lots of other health benefits as well just like you know keep your bones strong give you muscles and ligaments strong keeping you strong so as you get older your bit more durable you be able to do more things as you get older and eat I'll show you food eat nutrient-dense food so when we're looking at you've been into food is simply oh food vegetables nuts legumes all those sort of thing is just you know exactly what it is you just need to put on your plates and you like said you need to buy it and learn to prepare those foods in a space where this and and you need to get some sleep as well arrests and recoveries massive thing as you get older you putting finding do you do a bit more sleep in I did a google asleep breathing sleep X with this weekly volunteer ectly min same nine hours but in saying that how you feel you could feel amazing on six hours sleep and if you do or but it's if you don't need a bit more but all that sounds very very difficult but when we look at list you just need to change your habits because now you are used to if you are overweight right now and fit right now you're a result of your habits you're a result of the things that you do right now or you don't think of the way so all you need to do is get this train moving EP skip one thing I'm working on it you know I'm working a day so let's just say you know the whole diet thing sounds too hard born exercise 50 minutes every single day let's just get something moving get some small wins would be the better way so then introduce small nutrition change can just be eating more fruit and veg could be in more proteins um but just doing moderately you know it doesn't have to be restrictive doesn't have to be painful you can actually very good nice tasting foods a lot of it as well dude honestly if it's nutrient dense because they usually lower in calories so that's the alternative it's not sexy unfortunately it's not no it's not breaking you know science and the other is literally just said me eat like your grandparents be to avenge that you'll be fine and it's true it is you know just just do that so it really comes down to the basics business yeah basically balance on extreme so you know one of the things that so we were going to discuss today's so the kid had died how does it compare to the diets of people who live over the age of hundred so we've actually done a bit of research with our growing young a program that we want to tell you a little bit later and essentially there are parts of the world different countries that actually where people are known to live a lot longer than average okay so particularly places like Okinawa and Japan Sardinia and Europe Hikari and Greece in Costa Rica in Central America so all these places they're known to have a lot of high percentage of people over a hundred and so how do their diets compared to the keto diets well you see balanced meals you know that's it you nope you know a fryer integrity sort of more affectionately so you've got these so close your group that you pretending but they you need lots of fish and lots of sea vegetables and you need what we should eat and they do it as part of the culture the diamondbacks Hitler supposedly my dollars and the comedians we do we've got attitude and you know same as you've got the Mediterranean Mediterranean day this would be in very very healthy you know you just relocated fresh vegetables and obviously a red wine as well I think but yeah if you look at the Western diet as it is you know you know yourself is actually crap that's in our and they're not trying to completely eliminate cops from the balance okay that gives you some ideas if you want to live past that at age 100 there you go so final verdict given kilobytes so I'll give it a thumbs down just because of all the things you've spoken about if you don't care about the bow then go ahead but I pretty much guarantee right now they start it you won't be doing in a month's time did you get very difficult so I guess thumbs up from me yet so it's like a quick fix doesn't like if you wait by two weeks you know well yeah but it's not sustainable all you care about is the yeah the point of the scales and you know absolutely give a crack but yeah I would do it again my clothes right okay now that we've given you quite a bit of information hopefully you've enjoyed it in uhd you know drawn some useful info from it sometimes you know even though we try to kind of explain as much as we can it can be a little bit overwhelming it can be a little bit confusing but don't panic so I'm briefly mention before that we've been running this program that we call a growing anger program because it essentially ends to reduce the biological age so given and I have started it back in the Simba sixteen and we've had a few people going through this program on during this time so essentially it's it's a program that combines okay it's probably the passivity and tigers people over the age of 40 okay so if you all avoiding you you probably you might be eligible for it so it combines personal training with precision electrician system so it's there's a bit of nutritional coaching combined with personal training I think that's the key that's what actually makes it so successful we were quickly going to tell you about some results that we've managed to achieve for some of our clients I think a lot of people the mistakes they make date they got join the gym and they start exercising they sort of it makes them hungry in because their diet is still all over the place they that the extra hunger they get they actually start eating more of the bad things and so instead of losing where they should be gaining ways so because we including this nutritional aspect it's so it's so useful and it makes a whole lot of difference knowing that the trouble is you hybrid personal training if you're that and that's one of the other really really successful factors that we've been running is relative cause it's like personal training but it's a bit different way to expect there were guys to me okay I see I want client depending on what package they use about every five to six weeks usually and everyone does live away from home or leave negative life like Superman I think and I what you what you get you get a solid complete training program that I take you to UM coach you through and make sure you can do it properly then you go away and we do things through an app which we talk about which is very very cool and you know I can train you from this I don't need to be really kind of reps and peace any it's just not personal training in a sense I can belong in a smash you make you all tired and saw us how it works and that's what's really and getting another special about this program and it'll actually does what we do right now and that in in itself it's lowers of Christ just a little bit to make a little bit more for you guys do not spend hundreds of dollars a week on personal training together what you can actually do at least and that there's two things that really make it obviously Alex as well in a physio you know you go to have his advice any issues that come out muscle imbalances that he finds or injury that you have and he tells me an other thing I would just generally pick up one and then we create the app to perfect programs customized for you do you to get the results that you want and it's very very powerful and it would be really well okay so just to equip your answer now what other features that we offer with the program so you get five days per week unlimited phone and email support so you can call or email either given or myself you know if you have any questions and yet the authorities along the way so basically we will hold your hand along the way you'd never feel like you're on your own like it's opposed to joining a gym where you join it you may never turn up again for the next year you still keep banging your your face but you know the gym generally most gyms don't care if you're coming back or not okay as long as you keep paying your membership fees and we're beer different we'll make sure you get results for you hold your angle on get and along the way with we guarantee the results to see in fact as long as you do your part so yeah as a given mission physio and personal trainer working in collaboration so we could talk to each other will communicate I will make sure that we're creating the best environment for our clients to achieve their goals you also get so easy-to-use phone app which given this potion upon so that if she helps to track your progress so we can actually see on our in what you know if you're actually achieving progress or not and you get excess our exclusive Facebook group what we are they're very much like minded individuals also achieving results in exchange ideas just be a part of the environment which is actually it brings the sort of social aspect and soil which is actually really really AM right and so yeah if you don't have gym membership or you don't want you don't like germs that's fine because we work with you we can actually give you a program that you can do at home I guess there's no need for gym and yes we guarantee that you will become two years biologically younger according to our measuring methods in three months as long as you do what we did twice okay as long as you follow our recommendations we had a lot of success stories in we just to share one with you now so this is penny she has joined us I think was a junior in 2017 right so she's been with us basically what 13 months and yeah maybe I'll need you to talk about Deanie yeah so pennies pennies awesome and she's done fantastically well she when she first came into our studio she was oh hi oh she um I'm but now you know a year later she's and so I made you think you lost 45 kilos but you know how much that is it's a massive my way to pulley or best part I would say half what do you I would say pretty much I was massive I fitness level is improve I know she's come off certain medications I don't before and you know where we're going regarding our tests you know you didn't rate by six and a half years which you know is incredible occasionally longer but the body is now in a much better state than it than it was before and you know penny used to suffer from fear anxiety attacks if she doesn't get anymore she stopped smoking now as well but she gains improve her health and she just feels fantastic and what's really really cool about any as well she is such a good experience with us there she's been inspired now to become a personal trainer herself which is you know which is amazing and she's now about to start don't need he qualified actually so she's gonna be start training people as well and so you know make transformation for it's not just about weight and the whole life has been completely changed by supporting doing it but you know I'm not gonna take it away and she's put the hard work and we helped her along as you can tell their hands yet so you have a few issues is go through these things but if she stepped with anomaly Welland juju really is really is a testament to everything really so yeah so so well I thought Benny yeah very good stuff okay so yeah I mean growing under this program is not for everyone I'm as we mentioned before I mean you have to be able to put some inference for okay if you if you think that you'll sign up and then you can basically just magically the kilos are gonna start disappearing or whatever whatever you go is it doesn't have to be the way to be getting stronger getting more energy just feeling better okay so whatever you go is you will have to do the work as well it's not hard it's not it's not extreme you know if everything is doable and it's pretty simple it will make it easy for you but you have to be able to put a little bit a bit for as well okay so you basically have to be motivated to put two and B really to make a positive change in your in your life C because the problem involves quite a bit of our on time we only accept a very limited number of people I can't tell you exactly how many spots without a comment but there's only probably three or four so so yeah well basically once worse thumbs to up that's that's it for now okay and if you do have interesting if you do have genuine interest in this program so you're more than welcome to apply it to do a free no-obligation discover you in the user session which takes about 40 minutes of your time and basically we'll do 10 tests so seven of them a physical tea is that what is it not painful but easy to do and then we just specially ask you a couple questions about your lifestyle and we'll be able to eventually put together and a system of tests that will be able to be able to tell you biological your physical age so basically the extent to which your body has deteriorated over the years some people might if you're really healthy you managed the you know your biological aging she might be less than your calendar age but so far most people do right a little bit higher so you'll be surprised they have so yeah it's definitely doesn't hurt to come in and do this assessment and so essentially at the end of this assessment will basically be able to tell you whether this program is right for you and then you can make a decision whether you want to join or not and whether we serve right for each other yeah so if you would like to apply to do free assessments discover you in my youth assessments by the way we're based in how it so I think most of you are watching this I saw in the local area so it's not far away so if you would like to show you do this assessment you can register yourself I just go right down this link it's body fit physio that pollen see it flow / discover youth or alternatively you can just simply pull our oil hundred 24/7 automatic answer machine line so it's for hundreds double one double zero to eight so it's all eight hundred double one double zero to eight okay you can just leave your details and we'll call you back tomorrow on Monday and we'll get started good maybe general you can come along you know if you feel really cares about your health fitness and you are kind of struggling coming first assessment like I said it's no obligation up in a try some snake gold orgy sells better generally there to help you guys know if it healthy as you go into you around your fifties and sixties so I mean have a chat to us have this assessment you walk away you think about it a little bit but there you come and do it and you might you like to be fit their goal good thanks for listening and I might see you next time we run a room with women ah

- Why Is Keto So Good For Weight Loss?: Kind: captions Language: en hey folks Dr Mike here for Anan periodization I have a question for you why does keto seem to work so well for weight loss in fact it does and I can think of a few reasons and I can think of a few ways to make keto better for yourself that if you're into it for weight loss you can get even better results with fewer downsides fewer inconveniences so why does keto work so well there are four good reasons one is that if you switch to keto which means cutting out almost or pretty much all carbs your junk food options become very reduced and the way that most people get fatter and stay fatter is they eat a lot of junk let's go through a quick list of junk pizza ice cream cookies cakes candies cheeseburgers pastas Chinese food soda need I go on potato chips which one of those food or food groups or food types did not have a ton of carbs in it all of them have a ton of carbs in there so if you say I'm keto and you're a regular person most people who do keto are just regular folks not super into lifting or anything like that they look around the food they're allowed to eat and it turns out that none of it's very junky and junk food isn't somehow toxic or kills you in some weird way some of it is some preservatives which aren't ideal for your health but it's a really small thing the real kicker with junk food is that it's so delicious and so packed with calories you're going to end up eating a lot of it and that's going to confer so many calories you're going to gain weight you're going to eat more calories than you actually burn but when you switch to keto I mean what you eating them calories with dog what you cheating on chicken breast and olive oil and nuts and fatty meats and how much of that can you eat until you're like n I'm full because junk food is almost entirely off limits for keto that is one of the number one reasons why people who do keto often get a lot of weight loss because they're able to excise junk food essentially completely from their diet or almost completely for months on end because it's cause number one of weight gain and failure to lose weight when it leaves you just lose weight like crazy number two some people not all get an appetite lowering effect from reducing the carbohydrates and switching to a mostly protein and fat diet that's not dependably true for most people but some people have a really awesome response where after a few days of eating very few carbs they're actually just not that hungry combine that lack of hunger with the fact that keto doesn't exactly offer the tastiest junk food choices and you're just eating less food and eating less food is absolutely the number one key ingredient to almost every fat loss diet that's ever successful so if you are one of these people you can have great success with keto and almost everyone that has great success with keto and don't worry they'll be in the comment section telling us about how great keto is and they're not wrong those are the people who have the genetics that take their appetite and reduce it when they switch to keto some people it just makes them extra fucking hungry they'll never see them espousing keto cuz they failed every time they tried it so so if that is an effect for you my recommendation is give it a week or two in the first week you could be kind of recovering from your carb withdrawal and you just want more cars but after a week or two you might get a very lowered appetite sensation and that's really awesome use that to keep your calories low and constrainted eat keto and you lose a bunch of weight if after a few weeks you're still ravenous uh maybe it's not for you next keto can be really straightforward that because it constrains your choices you end up having just Dependable choices throughout the day that you can lean into and eat and that regularity that consistency prescribes a similar amount of calories over each day and if you're at a deficit which you probably are on keto cuz it's really hard to eat enough calories when you take out carbs entirely you end up being successful so you might have a keto bar or two you eat for breakfast you might have some eggs and chicken you eat for lunch you might have some lean steak and some veggies and some mushrooms or something you eat for dinner and that's kind of like what you stick to you're not apt to go and try to find all kinds of tasty crazy foods with pasta this and macaroni that because that's all off limits and because keto can be really simple to stick to and if you want a snack you know you eat some nuts or something like that because keto is so straightforward and the food choices are so limited you can make a Keto Plan for yourself that's actually really just not complicated and because it's not complicated you can adhere to it better because you adhere to it better you get the results for the entire time that you're doing it lastly Point number four there is a sense in which keto works well to lose weight which is really fat but keto also has this magical effect of getting right into a diet because it lowers your body water tremendously carbohydrates plus the salt intake that is occurring anytime you eat junk food those two things together bring in tons of water with them carbs and salt and when you start doing keto you lose your intramuscular carbohydrate stores they get severely reduced severely substantially it's not a bad thing and your salt intake generally also falls considerably what ends up happening is you lose 5 10 sometimes 15 lbs in the first week or two mostly off of body water reducing that obviously is going to come back when you start eating carbs and salt and regular food again but that initial huge loss of weight can act as a mega inspiration and potentiator for you mentally to keep going because if you start a diet you lose like a pound in the first week and then you gain half a pound in a second you could be like man fuck this I'm out but if you start a diet and after 8 days you've lost N9 pounds you're like bro what I'm in and then the next 8 weeks you might not lose 9 lbs every week you'll probably lose more like one or two but because you started off big and then you kept going kept going kept going kept going that initial inspiration just leads you all the way through then you get the mini gains on the way and it's just more than enough so it's a cool situation it's not a bad thing you just have to understand that it's not all fat at first don't expect it to continue to lose 5 pounds every week or something like now if you want the optimum results for muscle growth for muscle retention for your best lean physique for energy for athletic performance doing a more balanced diet that has enough carbs to do what you need to do with your body at the highest level a diet like the RP diet coach app can prescribe to you you will get better results than with keto but if you respond well to keto if you get that appetite suppression effect if you actually can do keto in a way that's sustainable which means you have good food choices around that you can make around keto you can do keto and it works absolutely great it's not ideal by a small few percentage points but as long as you're not trying to compete and bodybuilding or something or be the best athlete you can be or have the ripped most chiseled physique keto is a great option if it works for you but if it doesn't work for you remember it's not magical if you trying to cut the carbs and it never works you get crazy hungry you get crazy low energy there's no appetite suppression ever and the the food Choice restrictions are really limiting and you hate your life stop trying keto at least for a bit try something like the RP diet coach app try something just regular eating good highquality healthy food lower your calories increase your activity and you're going to get amazing results because keto isn't for everyone but for the people it works it works great what do you get when PhD sport scientists collaborate with Pro bodybuilders the most effective muscle growth training app ever made get yours now one last thing if you're going to try keto there are two stumbling blocks in keto one is the people who don't do the diet properly or who it's not for and they fail at the very beginning first two weeks the next stumbling block and the last one with keto is when people exit out the other end unless you're saying to yourself you're never going to eat pizza and pasta and rice and cookies ever again which in that case like good job you joined a cult and they don't let you have any fun cuz only God is fun now and God's just a nickname for the leader who odley has a lot of female companions that are underage typical cult shit my man no wait wait that's bad if you're not an ult you probably plan on after your keto diet returning back to a more normal yet maybe lower carb yet maybe more healthy but some normal Foods the problem is is if you have a slice of pizza after a keto diet the carbs taste so good you end up having 10 slices you get bloated you get a headache you gain 10 lbs you're pissed and you're like what the fuck and you go back to keto but then you're hungry again and you're like there's a transition phase and am I really just going to live the rest of my life in keto it's a bad deal the way to exit keto is strategic here's how you would do it first when you do keto make sure you have plenty of lean proteins plenty of healthy fats and I recommend always or almost always in every meal a good serving of green veggies they don't have a lot of calories they have barely any carbohydrate at all the fiber and the micronutrients are awesome if you don't have those in there you should but if you don't layer them in first for a week or two after the end of your keto diet when you lost as much weight as you think you can lose for that period it's really getting annoying and tiring and hard the next few weeks layer fruits in just fresh fruit they have very few carbs the carbs are almost always insanely low glycemic so they don't crazy spike your blood sugar you're not going to get this insane like lack of energy and lethargy that you get to have when carbs re-enter the system you're going to be buzzing everything's going to be feeling great if that feels good for a week or two or three try to reintroduce small amounts of grains some whole grain pasta some brown rice some quinoa some shit like that some beans once you got veggies in there and you got fruit in there in most meals of the day and some grains man you're not keto anymore you're eating plenty of carbohydrate raise the amounts of those as you see fit to fit your lifestyle choices your preferences and make sure your body weight is stable and all of a sudden you're successfully out you're off- ramped from keto and everything's going just fine and now you're eating carbs but they're healthy carbs that right there should form the core of your diet from there on out and then if you want to eat some BS on the weekend some pizza some chips great but now because you're used to carv it's not going to cause you to gain a ton of pounds just a few pounds and then after a few days of the next week when you're eating clean again it goes back to normal and everything's great and then if you ever want to try keto again to lose some more weight well you take out the grains you take out the fruits you leave in the veggies you start keto a few weeks later you feel amazing again keto low appetite you do that for another 8 to 10 weeks you get all your results and then you ease back out with veggies fruits whole grains and then normal foods and that ease out period in total can be a week and it can be four weeks long only continue to add in carbs as the carbs you have in make you feel good and energetic and calm and at peace and your digestion feels good don't just like add in veggies one day next day add in fruits next day add in whole grains the day after have a whole pizza that's too fast ease in take your time and you can ease into keto and ease out of keto and then keto works really well and if it works for you it's super recommended it's super healthy it's super awesome and I encourage your best results folks thank you so much for tuning in see you next time oh [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @charlescampbell1990 [112 likes]: Thanks for sharing this. Three months ago I couldn't walk up stairs without breathing heavy. Felt tired all the time, even in the morning… Then I started slowly with 3k steps per day, than 5k. I also started to dring warm lemonade in the morning. After one week I felt better, so I added some home workouts in my routine, nothing special because I couldn't do even one push up in that moment xd Than I decided to start with meal plan, so I began following meal plan from Dietornia. Nothing extreme, just being consistent. Now I feel healthier and lighter and a bit more proud of myself. I lost 29lbs... If I changed in 90 days, you can too.
  2. @shotfire1227 [1 likes]: I started the keto and Omad diets at the end of February 2026 and have lost 37.58 pounds so far
  3. @Desertmountiantops: Nope if you do not want to be fat eat meat chicken eggs and keep your carbs to 50 a day and the weight  falls off.the minute you eat grains rice for rice you will  instantly gain all your blubber back...carbs will always make you hungry..remember 50 and under it's that easy
  4. @adamg1205: i went keto when my A1C got up to 6.3 and now its down to 5.2 and weight loss was just a bonus i lost 62lbs. keto is hard at first but once u get through the first 1-2 weeks it becomes a habit and then it gets really easy especially if u like  chicken, avocado,steak, eggs, bacon heavy cream, butter, and cheese. lettuce wrap burgers are the jam…and if ur struggling with it just get non breaded buffalo wings with ranch and bleu cheese it will curb ur junk food cravings guaranteed
  5. @richardwallace9268: Don’t forget this is the biggest one he’s not talking about! Quit hanging with fat asses that stuff there face with shit food and says life’s too short enjoy food! Stay the fuk away from them!!!!!
  6. @vedumusicofficial: Keto is not good for weight loss
  7. @riner9: 15 year alcoholic, quit drinking and started keto on the same day.
  8. @blackburlstudio: How are cheeseburger’s not Keto? All they contain is egg meat and cheese
  9. @noneya703: I can only speak for myself but this is a common thing for most who do keto…. It suppresses your appetite but in a healthy natural way. Unlike ozempic, keto + intermittent fasting for 16-20 hours a day naturally suppresses your appetite entirely and food becomes fuel not something you abuse your body with.
  10. @lime7253: Did you call a Pizza  NORMAL FOOD?🤣😂
  11. @Bethesda-angel: 0:54 not the Chinese food!!
  12. @newfielass40: Carnivore and keto are tools to get us off sugar bread pasta etc. to lower blood glucose.  I was self regulated, did IF….and have been  successful.  But ppl wonder why and how etc …..averaged about 4-5lbs a month.  Now my husband gained weight on carnivore….blink blink blink….😮
  13. @waaskoop: great video thanks
  14. @s.foudehi1419: Let's not forget the anti-inflammatory effect of [protein and fats], which is one of the top reasons why people start [protein and fats] in the first place. Or am I wrong?
  15. @kd3301: I recently started the Keto diet due to Epilepsy. So far, it has worked wonders, less myclonis, less static feeling in my brain, and way more energy. The weight loss is just a bonus.
  16. @Kire486: When I do keto or other low carb diets, I almost always lose 10-20 pounds in the first two weeks people are always shocked I quickly tell them it's mostly water weight. The initial water weight loss is not only a confidence booster but even if it isn't far that's still 10-20 pounds you're not carrying which makes it much easier to exercise
  17. @Northeast_No1: What a DICK!!! I’ve rather be fat than listen to this BORING none Charismatic PRICK drone on!!!
  18. @KyleBobbyAdams: a year ago my partner left me, with words that I was terribly fat... I felt bad, very bad but in the end my partner was right, although it was hard for me to admit it. after that I started changing my habits, I walked briskly for 20 minutes twice a day, drank hot water in the morning and cut out sweets. I must say that after a few days I already felt better and had more energy in the morning. then I took a diet plan from website dietornia and after 2 weeks, I had already lost 8lbs, ... today after 3 months, I am 35lbs lighter. just believe in your dreams and nothing comes overnight
  19. @alex29443: Yeah, seems obvious to me. Super easy way to restrict calories, only thing to watch out for is cheese. Also by swapping your carb side out for veg you can eat huge volume to keep yourself full (so long as you don't go crazy with oils, etc).
  20. @mouzzamahmad2171: I m doing keto i hate chicken but I m taking it for my benifit i mainly eat 3 things 1.chicken 2.Walnuts 3. White radish/Daikon along with butter or gree or olive oil 

I m eating Mainly these three things bcz I don't like fish and I m egg intolerant 
I m doing keto for past 2 months and have reduced 12+ alhamdulillah 
I eat 5 days ONE MEAL A DAY THEN  for 4 days 2 meals a day I have few more kg to loose inshallah I m  get there

- Keto Diet: Why it sucks for women over 40: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to cover what is Quito and the three reasons why I think Quito sucks for women over the age of 40 and what you can do instead of poquito diet my name is Melissa Leo and I'm 52 years old and this channel is all about fitness health and lifestyle for women over the age of 40 which I am really passionate about so let's get into the video what is a ketogenic diet or simply put it's called keto a keto diet is very similar to my mind to the Atkins diet that was really popularized in the 80s and 90s so a keto diet is high in fat in fact it's extremely high in fat and moderate in protein and very very low in carbohydrates and what happens when you carry out the ketogenic diet is your body goes into what is called ketosis and this means that you start using your fat stores and burning your fat stores before you actually start burning carbohydrates people have dropped a dramatic amount of weight using the keto diet but I'm here to tell you that there is another way and I believe the keto diet absolutely sucks for women over the age of 40 big disclaimer I love carbohydrates bread rice stir potatoes quinoa sweet potatoes I got lean eating all of those things and you can too there is no need to do keto here is some before and after pictures just to prove I got lean right let's get into the video so here are my 3 reasons why keto sucks for women over the age of 40 number one you need carbohydrates carbohydrates are a really important source of fuel for your body what I would recommend women do over the age of 40 is actually carry out a weight training protocol or resistance training protocol you can probably see from my physique that I carry out quite a bit of weight training and what happens when you get over the age of 40 or even over the age of 30 is you start losing muscle so what you need to do is put some extra work in to put that muscle back in and that will build your metabolism and help you to get and stay lean now I'm the leanest that I've ever been probably in my whole life and I move over the age of 40 I'm actually over the age of 50 and this is all to do with my weight training regime however people believe that with weight training you need to eat a lot of protein yes you do but you also need carbohydrate and I know that from my own experience unless you fuel your body with carbohydrate you are not going to be able to get the benefit of weight training which is building the muscle back up as an older woman you have lost over the years so you're not going to get bulky you will just be putting muscle back in that has been depleted over the years and that will address why you're perhaps finding it a little bit more difficult to lose weight and stay lean over the age of 40 so that's my number one you really need the carbohydrates to fuel your body for weight training and fuel your body for everything else really that you carry out in life number two you are going to crave carbohydrates if you don't have carbohydrate in your body and in your diet and there's gonna be much more likelihood but you're gonna have slip-ups you're going to crave a cake or something like that because you're denying yourself a whole food group and what happens when you go to events perhaps a family lunch you go out and visit people you go to weddings parties and with the ketogenic diet you actually have to have low carbohydrates all the time otherwise you kick yourself out of ketosis so then the diet doesn't work so it's something that you have to do continually and you can't just have a cheat and say that you're going to eat carbohydrates on special occasions or on weekends so it's very very limiting and you're gonna find that you will crave it because your body will be crying out for carbohydrates now I don't suggest that you eat cakes and biscuits and that kind of carbohydrates it's very much your sweet potatoes rice potatoes good carbohydrates and if you eat those then your body's not going to be craving the bad carbohydrates like cakes and biscuits so that's my number two number three it's not the sort of diet that you can do for the rest of your life ketogenic diet because again you're cutting out a whole food group do you really think that this is a long-term plan that you can do for the rest of your life a long-term diet that you can stick to and you have to think about when you come off the ketogenic diet what happens then so what you see is people that have had a real dramatic weight loss but of course when they stop doing it and they start building carbohydrates back into their diet then finally it's quite interesting isn't it that when the Atkins diet was popularized there was a massive backlash against it because people realized it was really unhealthy and I believe this is what's gonna happen with the ketogenic diet it's very best praised at the moment but I think in the future people will realize it's not something you can do in the long term and I'm all about I'm a massive advocate of finding something that you can do in the long term whether it's your diet whether it's exercise and sticking to that and I just don't believe that cutting carbohydrates out forever and never eating them again is a really good long-term plan I just don't think it's achievable so if the ketogenic diet sucks what is the best diet for women over the age of 40 well my number one rule is it's got to be a diet that you enjoy and you think you can stick to that's the number one rule the number two rule as I said before is find something that you know that you will be happy to do for the rest of your life so for me that's eating a healthy well-balanced diet with a combination of carbohydrates proteins and fats and when we're talking about carbohydrates we're talking about good carbohydrates so that's rice pasta potatoes oats sweet potatoes all of those carbohydrates you can eat them and you know you eat you need to be enough that you're not feeling tired through the day and that you can sort of carry on with your normal life and then again the similar idea for fats so don't eat the sort of trans fats that are in processed food be good fats like not nuts avocado coconut oil those sorts of fats and make sure that you're getting plenty of protein in in your diet so that you're fueling your body for the weight training regime that I believe you should do if you're a woman over the age of 40 that's really really important just having a healthy well-balanced diet that you can stick to for a long period of time and making a plan give yourself a year maybe two years to get that weight loss that you've always been looking for it's taken me around about three years to get to where I am today [Music] and I've still got a sort of work to do I'm still in work in progress so it's always good to have a little bit of patience don't go for these fatty quick fix diets because they won't work because as soon as you come off them you're just going to pile the weight back on again go for some long term plan that you can stick to in the future is a healthy well-balanced diet if you liked this video give it the thumbs up and please do comment below if you've got any comments about what I've said it on the keto diet I'd love to hear from you and please do subscribe to my channel to get more information and tips on staying lean getting lean losing weight and the kind of exercise you should do over the age of 40

  Top Comments:
  1. @ACreativeReset [11 likes]: I love watching your videos and respect what you’re saying. I wanted to mention my perspective. I’ve been battling obesity since childhood, PCOS since puberty, and fibromyalgia since the last 6 years. Dr. Berg’s Healthy Keto (which included plenty of greens) and intermittent fasting did help me to get my body regulated within 6 weeks of starting. For the first time ever I didn’t have cravings because my body was getting the nutrition I needed. I was able to function and move like I hadn’t in years. But I went right back to work and the crazy schedule threw my eating and eating windows and off, and I was right back to square one. Then I decided maybe I should just focus on Healthy Carbs and do weight training, so I tried a bootcamp. Even with meal tracking and a trainer, it left me in so much pain from Fibro flares, that I couldn’t keep it up. 
I’m saying all of this because I think that starting off with something like Healthy Keto and low-impact exercise, and then transitioning to low-carb and slowly adding in the weight training could help with those facing chronic pain. It’s definitely harder for me the further into my forties I get. But if this isn’t what you suggest, would you be able to give some options for someone with my background? I would take your before picture any day of the week! But I do appreciate your experience and transformation. I’m just looking for how to juggle all these issues.
  2. @Sunflowersanddaisiesblooms [7 likes]: Every body is different. The main key component I notice in any successful weight loss journey is consistency and whole foods.   It is important to try out different things to find what works best for you and to stick to it.
  3. @marieantoinette3451 [6 likes]: I have been working out very hard for 3 months now..went from being a stay at home Mom (pretty much a couch potato and zero exercise)to Spin class 3x a week, walking briskly 8-10k steps early in the morning before the gym 5x/wk, and strength training 3x/wk and have lost NO weight. I am just too hungry to diet properly 😫 The only diet that has ever shown results for me-  for weight loss- is Keto. My plan is to get closer to my goal weight with Keto and then start back up with the hard training. I know I wont be able to work out like this on Keto, but I am beyond frustrated to work so hard and not even lose a single pound. 😮‍💨
  4. @theriac. [4 likes]: Bless you. But you really are totally uninformed. Like the majority of others you have picked up some info probably from YouTube on a macronutrient level and you focus too much on weight loss in the process. There is too much to tell you regarding cellular health as it is too long winded and convoluted. But, if you are putting out information to the masses my advice is to further your research because you are ill-informing many people which is obviously not a good thing. If you feel what you are doing is benefiting you then good for you but unless you have enough knowledge in biochemistry then you really need to be careful with what information you are giving to others. I am not a doctor nor a physician. But I do have a certain level of knowledge in biochemistry. I have also privately advised and changed the lives of enough people including myself from reiterating science-backed information from clinical research studies that separates fact from fiction. So, a word of advice to everyone. One shouldn't copy someone because they have shown good results at losing weight. Our bodies are different thus tolerate many things differently. What is most important is optimal health. Weight loss will follow as this is the result of a healthy lifestyle. That is why everyone should concentrate on a healthful lifestyle and not losing weight. This sweet young lady is misinformed regarding carbohydrates even though carbs will do its job if this is your main fuel source. However, you will obtain optimal results if your main fuel source is fat. In fact, you will have more energy burning fat because it has over double the amount of calories per gram plus when your cells go through a process called ketogenesis it supressses ghrelin (the hunger hormone) so you will be less hungry as the insulin spikes will be far less and as a result so will inflammation as opposed to carbohydrates being your main fuel source. Your body is very clever and will find balance. So if your main fuel source is fat and the body requires additional glucose the liver will make this via a process called gluconeogenesis - which means generating new glucose. The problem with fuelling your cells with carbs from starch and sugar is that the cells can only accept so much. The receptors will then downregulate. So when these receptors reject insulin (which is made when the body breaks carbs down into glucose) the excess is then stored in your fat cells and also in your bloodstream when the cells are full. You then gain weight and will acquire numerous health problems in your organs and arteries. There is a process called glycation which happens when glucose attaches to proteins (including collagen and elastin proteins) and lipids which is responsible for a number of diseases such as diabetes and is also responsible for chronic inflammation and aging. So, even if you maintain weight loss through rigorous exercise and/or calorie restriction you will still suffer with health problems at some stage due to excess insulin and inflammation. One last note, if you do ever crave bread or a sweet treat/dessert etc it's very easy to make. I love making bread, desserts etc. In fact, one can pretty much eat most of what a western diet consists of, you just have to make everything from scratch with alternative ingredients and have a little patience as opposed to buying already made inflammatory food. Life isn't all sunshine and rainbows. Nobody said it was. It is work. Hard work. But if you plan your work and work your plan it becomes easier and therefore more enjoyable which calls to mind an adage Jim Rohn said which was very apt: "There are two types of pain you will go through in life. The pain of discipline or the pain of regret". I know which one I chose
  5. @private7419 [2 likes]: Dr Berg advocates “healthy keto,” which includes more vegetables and doesn’t count them toward the carb total for the day. I haven’t seen health changes from it, but many find it very helpful.
  6. @suki_says [2 likes]: I am 42 now. Atkins worked in my 20s. However,  moderation of carbs (oats, rice, pasta, sweet potatoes) worked best for me after babies at 32 & 36. I tried Keto after 2nd child and recently with no success. Moderation is key but everywhere I turn Keto is being pushed. I also like the idea of weight training but have muscle memory from being an athlete and feel like I build muscle very quickly! While I still have fat outside the muscles, so that concerns me. Can’t wait to explore your channel and learn more! Any tips? Need to lose 60 lbs.
  7. @erikadelmar5794 [1 likes]: I was on keto for 6 months when I was 39. I lost 9 kgs and was so happy,  but then I got stuck and it was also so hard to keep eating no carbs. I then left keto and gained 14 kgs in about 2 months!. So so very sad. Here and I am now 45 and still over weight. This is how I bumped into your channel.
  8. @marcelavazquez9629 [1 likes]: You have to listen careful, Melissa doesn't encourage sugars and bakery products here, she means smart carbs. I was an Atkins and later Keto fan and IF, but at some point I needed it a reset bottom because  Keto dirty keto and all of those above become so overwhelming and nothing worked anymore. My reset bottom was here with Melissa I needed it to have a big mind change about carbs, Keto helped me to loose lots of weight and IF but always the weight came back and even more,   because I was in calorie deficiency it  messed up my metabolism. Now I started eating carbs very consciously again and consuming 1,600  calories which is a lot comparing with the 1200 or sometimes 700 !!  I'm over weight right now , I have been told to eat even more calories... I'm scare but I feel I'm choosing the right path this time, but before to trying to loose weight right now I have to repair my metabolism, which is broken with this unsustain diets. Right now I'm eating 1,600 calories and counting macros, I feel so full with my new eating habits and I'm doing strengthening training 3 times a week and twice a week half of hour cardio... this is my 2nd week, no changes on my weight, but my girlfriend told me she can see I have been working out , I agreed 100% with Melissa. Thank you Melissa for educating us with your experience.
  9. @JeanineUribe [1 likes]: Thank you! No matter how often I tried keto I would have insomnia, mad cravings, irritability and couldn’t sustain it.
  10. @MelissaNeill: Download my Free 7-Day Plan: 
https://melissaneill.com/start-free-7-day-plan/?pinComment=GbmQs7_jyJs
Download my Free Meal Guide: 
https://melissaneill.com/start-free-mealplan/?pinComment=GbmQs7_jyJs
  11. @kristenthore3229: Hello! I’m almost 48, and started Keto almost 3 months ago for inflammation of cystic acne on my chin. I’ve had this on and off for 10 years with many different attempts for treatment.  I’m thrilled to say this clean diet has worked wonders.  I’m 5’4” and very active but I don’t like an expertise routine. But I will go outside and do heavy work, walk the dog, etc.  I lost 13 pounds, my mental health is incredible - I used to have trouble being ‘scatterbrained’.  I  do not want to lose anymore weight (I got down to 130 pounds and that is my limit, so I’ve been slowly introducing sweet potatoes and brown rice. Refined sugar is like poison.  Here in the US it’s in everything.  I want to stay on a clean, Whole Foods diet and I mostly followed this for 2 years but still drank alcohol with a sugar mixer in it.  I’ve learned This is the worst thing I can feed my body.  I am am rarely hungry now that my body has learned it can use fat or carbs for fuel, eat 2x a day and if I have a snack it’s nuts, 85% dark chocolate with peanut butter (yum) or cheese.  PMS I do crave carbs, I feel my body is telling me it needs some. So I will have a sweet potato with lunch or dinner for those few days. Everyone is different but I truly feel the best that I ever have in my entire life. Mentally and physically! Thank you for the video 😊
  12. @scotlandredd6134: You had your cycle until you were 54 which makes a difference in fitness success
  13. @In2tuitive: Very informative. I appreciate your time❤
  14. @charissaandcowellness: I liked the keto diet, I ate mainly plant based fats, I felt good, energy levels were amazing my mind was alert plus I had a lot less inflammation and my stomach had no bloat.

The only reason I came off it is I felt it hard to build my muscle and my cycle went a bit haywire… so I wasn’t sure if it was that. I prefer fats over carbs. I could easily do the keto again, eating loads of healthy plant based fats, green vegetables eggs.. just not sure how healthy it is for my hormones… I’m waiting to speak to my hormone doctor about it. 

But you look great
  15. @waaskoop: great video thanks
  16. @Astrologcomedy: Funny how the yo-yo keto diet people stay in the comments… they always regain the weight they lose, go on keto and off keto 3 times a year
  17. @anandasmith5080: Awesome info. I've been following you for a year now and I've learned a lot. Thank you for telling us it may take some time to get results. We are encouraged.
  18. @veronicagaete6702: Thanks!!
  19. @carieyoungrising: It does not work- especially if you don’t have a lot to loose and you have some adrenal or cortisol issues- and wanna get in great shape! If you wanna be skinny fat- have at it/ but I didn’t have the energy to lift and you need carbs to grow muscles- something they neglect to tell us ladies that want a fit body! I did it for two years strictly and did not do as much for me as learning exactly what you teach! Love your channel- I’m a new fan!
  20. @akeilarigsby3158: Just stumbled across the channel. 40, found keto to be impossible as I have a 3 yr old & a 2 yr old. Lost 10lbs on keto and gained it back.

- My Life Changing 100 Pound Keto Weight Loss Story: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I don't think anybody knows the sadness and despair being obese causes until they've experienced it. My self-worth was directly tied to my weight since I was 12 years old. I made sure that you knew that I knew I was fat when you met me. Being self-deprecating was my way of being funny, but it also became a part of who I was. If anyone tried to take my picture, I would smile. But inside, I felt so embarrassed about my weight. My smile was not real. If you would have asked me whether or not I would have been fat on my wedding day, I would have said, "Of course not." I dreamed of how I would look on my wedding day, just like everybody else does. But the reality was, I did not lose the weight. I can look back now and accept that I was fat on my wedding day. But I remember feeling extremely disappointed in myself for not following through again. I've tried every diet or gimmick under the sun over the last 23 years to lose weight. I'll admit most of these attempts lasted anywhere from an hour to a couple of months. Regardless of how many times I dieted over the years, I continued to gain weight. Sometimes I would ask myself, "What if I never lose weight? What if I die never experiencing anything other than being obese and out of shape? I've tried keto countless times in the past and I always went back to eating carbs. I know now that I was and am a carb addict. But my twin sister's wedding was motivation for me to try keto again. She was determined to lose as much weight as possible and I didn't want to be obviously bigger than her on her wedding day. So, I started keto again on January 19th, 2019. But this time, I stuck to it. The weight came off slowly compared to how fast I lost weight in the past, but I kept going. I made hard decisions. I said no about a thousand times. My cravings for carbs and sugar started to fade. I learned to cook amazing low carb meals from scratch. I found myself losing anywhere from a pound to even 2 lbs a week. And by the time spring rolled around, I felt motivated to start up old hobbies. I spent time outside for the first time in years. I grew veggies and beautiful flowers in my backyard. I noticed I no longer got hot outside, even when it was 90°. My life was changing. By the time my sister's wedding came around, I weighed in at 189 lb. [Applause] I felt the most confident I ever had before. While I used to hide in pictures, I found myself enjoying having my picture taken at Sarah's wedding. Throughout my weight loss journey, there were several weeks that I lost nothing, but overall, my weight continued to go down. I went from a size extra large to a size small. When I look at myself now, I still can't believe what I'm seeing most of the time. I can actually fit in clothes now and shopping is fun. All I know is for the first time in my life, I feel good about myself. Sure, I still have flaws just like everybody else does, and I still would like to lose another 20 lb, but it's all gravy from here. My starting weight was 262 lb, and today I weigh in at 168 lb. I am no longer obese. My weight is considered normal for the first time in my life. If you're struggling with weight loss right now, just know that if I can do it, anybody can. Just take it one day at a time, one meal at a time. Keep on going. Don't focus on how long it's going to take you to lose the weight. You have to focus on how far you've come already. Momentum builds momentum. Time is going to pass whether you're on this diet or not. But if you stay true to the diet, one day you're going to wake up and you're going to be so far into your ketogenic journey that you're not going to be able to go back to the way that you were living your life before. And the next time someone asks you to smile for a picture, it will be for real.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ketotwins [84 likes]: Want more motivation? Watch this video next! -https://youtu.be/BqCFKbWeTgI
  2. @sarahclark78 [1 likes]: I went from saying " I can't give up bread and potatoes permanently but I will try it for a week and see", to five years and five weeks as a Ketovore. Not a single slice of bread has passed my lips in that time. The knowledge of how the Keto lifestyle works and why has been key to my weight loss. Now I need encouragement and motivation to finally get to my goal weight
  3. @ElisaFrye-v6c: I have tears in my eyes for your grief and disappointment on your wedding day even while thinking how beautiful you really were. So now both of you are able to enjoy having your picture taken EVERY DAY’  IM turning 93 in 2 months…and thanks to you two and very Low Carb I went from 178 to my current healthy weight  of 149 in 7 months of gritted-teeth determination, all the while watching your videos, once at least every day and many days more than once’ Your recipes have been a huge help, and so has your shared intelligence and humor’ My own two daughters have always been active and have always been tall and slim adults—sometimes it makes them hard to love—JOKE)—but they are my inspiration just as you are’ ( PS’’’I hope my post has inspired other Granny-Agers to know that good health doesn’t have to be limited by our ages’ 😋💞💃🏻🎼❤️
  4. @Kathysart: I cried the whole time watching this. When my precious husband and HS sweetheart passed almost 4 years ago, I started eating. I was filling that hole and loss. After that I isolated myself. I never go out unless I absolutely have to. I am lost without my husband. I’m invisible. I miss him and cry constantly.. still. I am an artist but I don’t do art. I don’t do anything, He left me with stacks of canvases, clay and everything an artist might need. I don’t do art though. I have realized no one is coming to rescue me. I need to rescue myself. So anyway, I made a shopping list after watching a lot of your videos. I related to the pain on your face.  Pain is subjective. I’m not the only one. But recovery can be subjective too. 
I love you both.  
Thank you.
  5. @FreeSpeech1959: Really well done, but always remember that you were always a lovely person.
  6. @dorothyconner4336: I needed this in year 2025
  7. @craigfowler7098: Fantastic inspirational story. I have managed to lose 22lbs so far, another 33lbs to go. I am already out of obese category. I have more energy and sleep better already.
  8. @Martha.rose2000: This is so inspiring! Thank you! :)
  9. @vuittongirl1: ❤ you are both an inspiration !
  10. @robertrains7029: I've been on keto for a week as of today
  11. @fayebogard2174: Good job ❤🎉🎉🎉
  12. @fayebogard2174: Give me a break you weren't even fat when you got married I'm 310 lb that's fat 
😂
  13. @nancyweisser3910: Thank you for sharing you. You are sweet and beautiful. You both can be very proud of yourselves🎉
  14. @Oguzhan-28-USA: Great story? Curious to learn if you have exercised during your diet and what was your routine for practice, if applicable? Thank you.
  15. @skee6706: I am in tear watching this.  I can totally relate to your pain.  Started having health issues and being in the medical industry I saw first hand what happens when a so called doctor gets a hold of you.  So three years ago I decided to take charge and go keto (only diet where I feel really good on)  I was 180/ 5'6"/66 years old.  I am now 151 and have stalled but I will not give up.  If I was there I would give you a great big hug.  I love watching your videos.  They give me some great ideas.  GREAT JOB ! ! ! !
  16. @natashaseveau9874: ❤❤❤
  17. @channelingme: You looked beautiful on your wedding day!
  18. @rhondatinis5961: You are just beautiful !
  19. @lookinsideandawaken: Wonderful story and transformation, you and your sister both look great and I'm so happy you have a supportive husband. I love how down to earth and real your videos are. I'm a new subscriber to your channel. I'm staying the course on a similar journey, went from 230lbs. to 155lbs. I'm back up to 170lbs. but now I know how to get it off. I'm looking forward to trying some of your recipes. Best wishes to both of you.
  20. @tammyslash7251: Both so beautiful and very helpful!!  Thank you both so much❤❤❤

- How Cindy lost 70 pounds on keto: Kind: captions Language: en I used to wake up four to five days a week for such a severe headache. I would wake up and my head could be drawn back in such a pounding headache that before I woke up, I knew it was going to be a bad one. I started following a low-carb lifestyle when my sister Debbie Stokes sent me the doctor Sarah Hallberg TED talk where she talks about what if we've been treating type 2 diabetes wrong. First I thought it was just going to be a diet, something short, something as a stopgap, but what I found was it does much more than help you lose weight. It's a metabolic rearrangement and an internal healing process I've been going through. If we think about that type 2 diabetes is a carbohydrate intolerance, much like peanut allergies, peanut intolerance, isn't it logical that we can reduce our carbohydrates therefore reduce the need for meds? Because we can treat a blood sugar, but we're not treating the disease. We've seen so much hope for people with infertility problems, so much hope just in the low-carb community for people when you regulate your carbs and you increase your fats, hormone production is normalized. And when you can optimize that, so many other things fall into place. When you become a fat burner, it was like someone turned on the lights and I was like, "Ah, I feel amazing!" And I wasn't hungry and I wasn't irritable and I felt focused. And it was just the first epiphany of many of this to your journey. This was me before low-carb. So I was probably a little bit heavier there and I thought I looked cute. They see me at the educational event and they're like, "Huh!" or they walk by me and they don't recognize me. And they'll be like, "What are you doing?" Because I think one of the loudest voices that we can have is to just live the lifestyle and let them see the changes. I think if anyone out there who is listening to this at any point in time, in any remote way has struggled like that, the only way I can explain this is I've been set free. And I thought, "I won't ever go back into that bondage again. I won't do it."

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jaquableu [5 likes]: Started 6 months ago.  A1c from 12 to 7.2.  Lost 50 lbs. No more pain. No more gerd. No more cpap.  YES I AM FREE!
  2. @carolblenkharn7656 [5 likes]: Thank you for your testimony of low carb diet.  It's scandalous the way a whole generation has been poisoned by powerful food and pharmaceutical industries.
  3. @maximax8516 [5 likes]: The most noticeable change for me has been my joints stopped aching.  I am losing weight slowly.  Amazing.  It did not take much for me because I have been a health nut for most of  my life but I still had little aches and pains. Gone!
  4. @FOXXY780 [3 likes]: Well, I lost 26 kg in 6 months, sometimes I cheat the keto for sweets but I don't give up keto for the rest of my life, hopefully.
  5. @truthbenown [2 likes]: Im 61. Keto for years. Look and feel amazing. I do eat chocolate.
  6. @birdygrosen8380 [2 likes]: I did it to (lost 70 pounds) and my body relax on LCHF. Every time I get to much carbs my body and stomach hurts so I find my way back to LCHF
  7. @Christos-q6v [1 likes]: My name is Cindy , im 53 years old . 5. 4 in height and now 13 stnne 10 pounds. Im going to put this woman on my vision board and change my life TODAY ❤ thank you Cindy🎉
  8. @KetoCookbooksCorner [1 likes]: Congratulations Cindy 🙂
  9. @kungfew1396 [1 likes]: Is it true that the Keto diet doesn't work for a lot of people in their 40's? There is a guy claiming thyroid changes after 40 interfere with the weight loss, I am 46 and just recently started a strict Keto a few weeks ago, I have lost a few pounds but not as fast as I expected even walking 2 miles every other day.
  10. @rawmilkmike [1 likes]: I really hate hearing my low carb friends use the term lifestyle. This term comes from the enemy, the people pushing low-fat plant-based nutrition. They are the ones who gave the word diet a bad taste in your mouth. Coca-Cola and big pharma invented the term "Lifestyle change." And corrupted it. To me it has become synonymous with low fat plant-based portion controlled six meal a day starvation for the rest of your life.
  11. @leahhansen4474 [1 likes]: She is an icon.....love her support xxxx
  12. @MegaVegan [1 likes]: Let's give Nurse Cindy a glucose tolerance test and see how much Dr. Hallberg truly helped her.
  13. @wendygagne3240: Love the testimonies. Does anyone else find the backdrop music too loud and annoying this really competes with the story
  14. @BonafideGail: Thank you! Congratulations!
  15. @quadcontroller: The standard American/Canadian/British/Japanese/Chinese/Korean diet has too much salt, and too few vegetables to balance a protective amount of potassium. More potassium than sodium is protective. You can be thin, and still die from metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease from eating too much sugar, and too much salt -versus too little potassium and fermentable fiber (vegetables). There’s also no evidence of people living long, healthy lives eating meat every day.
  16. @Crystalspath34: Thank you for your hopeful story
  17. @rhearosingana2821: Does not say “how,” she did it.  Besides eating keto diet, did she workout?  Walk? Ride a bike?  Just wondering what seniors do.
  18. @lindaalegria1770: Do u know a family doctor in Webster  or Houston that believes in keto diet
  19. @LewdCustomer: Sounds right.
  20. @deivuuk: I just started with Diet Doctor but I'm wondering how the devil one can lose weight if one is eating 2000+ kcal a day?

- How I lost Over 190 Lbs on Keto! Weight loss story.: Kind: captions Language: en hello my beautiful keto family in this video i'm going to tell you exactly how i lost over 190 pounds on the ketogenic diet and fasting [Music] [Applause] now i want to be completely transparent about my journey so i'm going to tell you about my personal struggles the mistakes i made and how you can avoid them some of you will resonate with me and some of you won't my hope is that this can help others out there struggling with the same struggles that i did i also want you to know that regardless what you are fighting right now what your struggles are this is doable this is possible and it's so much worth it when you get on the other side i have been battling with obesity my whole life and i have tried every single diet on planet earth some of them were successful but for a short period of time as i would gain back all the weight and i would gain back even more weight i also tried to incorporate a workout regime in my everyday lifestyle but frankly i said i would be transparent so i was just too lazy to do it i always kept putting it off saying that at some point i would figure it out until i hit rock bottom rock bottom came when i had a hysterectomy performed and i went from being obese to being morbidly obese i reached a level where i was weighing 396 pounds i was struggling with depression and i was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder this all spiraled down and brought a feeling of hopelessness and helplessness altogether just drowning me in fears that's when i consoled myself in massive amounts of alcohol adding the checkpoint of alcoholism onto my already very long list the final strike came when a little after the hysterectomy i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and i had two large wounds on my legs that seemed to never heal they would temporarily go away with massive amounts of cortisone at that point my whole life including my marriage and my relationship with my family and friends was all falling apart but i didn't really fight it i just accepted the defeat a sort of maybe slow unconscious suicide and that is when the turning point came in my life that is when i decided to claim my life back all this started with a simple google search and guys i wasn't even looking at how to lose weight i never looked that up what i googled was a question that i never expected to find a response to i asked how to treat diabetes without insulin and that was my first encounter with the words ketosis and ketone bodies after two months of extensive research i dove head first into the ketogenic diet something i really don't suggest and this was one of my mistakes because it brought the dreaded keto flu that i suffered from for two weeks and i was also going to withdraw from carbohydrates and sugars when you first start the ketogenic diet i suggest you ease into it i suggest you decrease your carb count get rid of the white carbs for the first couple of weeks then cut off the sugar completely and then start your ketogenic diet so when i first started i would have the same breakfast every morning of eggs and bacon i just wanted to keep it simple and then i would have my coffee and i would top that with some heavy cream for added fats keep in mind that i was huge so at 3 000 calories that i was eating a day i was still losing weight i would then accompany all my protein with either butter heavy cream or olive oil i ate when i was hungry and i stopped when i was satiated the hardest part about starting the ketogenic diet was all the misinformation and not having a starting guide especially with all the people in the contradicting information which brings me to my second tip find up to three people that you feel speak to you and follow their process everybody has a very different process on their own ketogenic journey find the three that speak to you the most this was the main reason that i started this channel in order to be able to help people that were going through this confusion just like me have all the videos on all the information they need right from the get-go after another month of research i finally had it down that is when i started to supplement i started to supplement with vitamin c vitamin d magnesium and electrolytes i also took b12 mct oil and collagen i also downloaded a food tracking app where i set my macros at 75 fat 20 protein and 5 carbohydrates but i still didn't restrict my calories now a quick tip over here is when you're first starting calculate your total carbs because there seems to be a lot of confusion calculate your total carbs until you feel comfortable enough to know how to separate the net carbs from the total carbs i traded in my eggs and bacon for bulletproof coffee i would start my morning with a very fatty coffee i would add one tablespoon of mct oil that's where i would put my scoop of collagen i would also add a teaspoon of cocoa unsweetened cocoa powder and to that i would top a little bit of heavy cream i would then go ahead and have a fatty cut of protein for my lunch and i would have a big green leafy salad with a very fatty dressing next to it and if my protein was lean then i would accompany it with some fatty sauce usually based with white sauce and maybe some cheese for dinner then i usually had some italian cold cuts and some parmesan cheese i also kept myself very hydrated with sparkling water and lemon after about two months of this then my appetite started to severely decrease i was just not that hungry and that's when i started looking into how to incorporate intermittent fasting in my ketogenic diet i found that the easiest way for me personally to fast was to eat my last meal until 6 pm and then start my bulletproof coffee breakfast at 12pm the next day which brings me to mistake number three do not break your fast with fat this coffee was so fatty it had mct oil it had heavy cream it had dairy right and you really don't want to break your fast with dairy either and i would break my 18 hour fast with this coffee now i know what i'm going to say is not really sexy but here it goes mct oil and dairy act like a laxative when you're breaking your fast needless to tell you what would happen so i researched some more into how to break my fast and then i would start breaking it with lean protein half an hour before i had my bulletproof coffee if you haven't figured this out by now i do a lot of trial and error i do a lot of experimenting on myself now by all means i am not suggesting you start acting like a guinea pig on your own body but that's kind of what i did after seeing that that didn't work for me and after researching even deeper i realized that there are specific ways you should break a fast and i chose to break it with lean protein so what i would do is at 12 o'clock i would have a lean protein cut just a very small amount and half an hour after that i would take my bulletproof coffee six months into the ketogenic diet and intermittent fasting is when i attempted my first extended fast which then became a protocol for me the first three days of every month i would do an extended 72 hour fast no you do not have to fast for three consecutive days in order to achieve weight loss on the ketogenic diet actually you do not even have to fast at all you can still lose massive amounts of weight on the ketogenic diet the reason that i practice extended fasting was because i lost both my parents to cancer and there is incredible benefits in long-term fasting especially autophagy which i have gone into detail in another video but there are numerous health benefits with fasting not just weight loss and in extended fasting and besides i'm telling you what i did right today i have lost over 190 pounds and i do not want to lose any more weight but i also don't want to feel sick again i don't want to go back into eating these massive amounts of carbs and sugars i do not want to risk my life i do not want to hear the word diabetes again and i do not want to feel depression so what i do is i maintain a ketogenic lifestyle where i have carefully crafted days that i purposely throw my body out of ketosis so that i can promote metabolic flexibility that i can burn both fat for fuel and carbs for fuel now believe it or not losing 190 pounds was not my biggest achievement on my ketogenic journey nor was reversing my type 2 diabetes claiming my life and my mind back from the depression and the post-traumatic stress disorder that was my biggest achievement because it is very empowering to realize what food alone can do to turn your life around i am now committed to keep reading all the ongoing research and keep popping out videos so that i can help people like you claim your life back full disclaimer though i am not a doctor i'm not a medical professional and i'm not a nurse i'm here to tell you about my story how i reverse my diabetes how i lost my weight and it is based on my own very extensive research now i have helped people along the way and i have coached people to achieve weight loss with the ketogenic diet and i hope that this is enough to help you and there you have it how i lost over 190 pounds on the ketogenic diet and fasting and as always chin up or the crown slips

  Top Comments:
  1. @barbarawallace1305 [2 likes]: I need help so bad ! I get down on myself and I end up eating more . I get so depressed
  2. @pla4825 [2 likes]: You look beautiful congratulations on your weight loss and I love your hoop earrings too 😊
  3. @patmcdowell6840 [1 likes]: I watch this video at least once a month just stay motivated. Really great content. Hope you do an update video soon. Thanks.
  4. @menininha92: Thank you.
  5. @Upstart_Artist: Congratulatiins!  You look amazing!
  6. @karenmagee7277: Awesome, you look amazing 🎉🎉🎉
  7. @louiselawson7285: Thankyou for being one of our new support people for our journey. Also following Dr Georgia Ede.
  8. @carolkinsey1044: Did you or do you have high cholesterol on the keto diet and if so how do you handle that? If you did have a LDL on keto did you remain keto❤
  9. @danelleswaney2278: I can't get in more then 1050 calories doing omad
  10. @barbberg8833: So glad I found you
  11. @vialonitasuhardiman6764: Why shouldn't we break our fast with fat? Pls explain me🙏
  12. @josebrivera1716: What happened to you. Everything is two years old!
  13. @thechef-i5u: Hi whats your height weight?
  14. @angieb.222: I just found your channel and very grateful. Thank you for your content. How are you doing now?
  15. @Starr_Gazerr: What an awesome story. I’m so very happy for you! ⭐️
  16. @yaohkhazakaybathtsayon: Wow! I believe I have found the channel I have been looking for to stay on track this time. I love your transparent approach, as well as that you've put and are still putting in the research to give out to others in their journey, so Thank you very much. I'm about to binge watch your videos. I tried and failed at regular Keto a few times meaning my weight loss would fluctuate no matter what I did. I just couldn't figure out what I was doing wrong so I gave up. Please help me.
  17. @kennybrudnicki: Excellent! You should have a much larger viewing on your videos.
  18. @amayasteensma: Can you talk to us more about your experience with metabolic flexibility? ❤
  19. @DominiqueJOUNDA: Thanks for sharing, there is much warmth and Love in your words.
  20. @cartay26: I am new subscriber. AWESOME content and you get right to the point. More please lol! Kidding but we’d like to see how you are doing now.

- Keto - What I eat in a day | Loosing weight over 40 🥑🥒🥬🥦🥩🥓: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome to my channel i hope you're all doing really well my name is alana and today i am doing a quick what i eat in a day on keto so everyone has their own opinions about keto but from my personal experience i love it i'm over 40 i feel like it works and it works well and i love it i feel great on it when i start to go off keto i feel rubbish again so it works for me so everyone is different everyone has different needs and wants but for me it works so if you're interested in keto this is the video for you quick simple easy meals breakfast lunch and dinner with a couple of snacks i will quickly go through how i track them i'm on i do more of a lazy keto style keto so basically all i track is the carbs per day and my main goal is to stay under 20 to 30 grams of carbs a day max so i aim for 20 but sometimes it can go a bit over depending on the day what i'm doing but 20 to 30 grams carbs and whenever i'm on this i see results please keep watching if that is something that interests you and let's get stuck straight into it so first thing in the morning the first thing i like to have is water so it's super important on the keto diet to keep hydrated keep your fluids up so i try to have three liters per day with a minimum of two liters per day on so i'll start off with my morning coffee unfortunately normal milk is a no-no if you want to stay under your carb limit so i have adjusted to almond milk and i really like this breeze almond milk the slight vanilla flavor so i have that with my morning coffee and that is my essential treat in the mornings to get me up and going okay now for breakfast i really like a sweet breakfast so this coconut yogurt by nicola is absolutely delicious on top i have some blueberries some strawberries and some walnuts with a sprinkle of cinnamon the key is not to have massive portion sizes so it will stay within your carb range so this breakfast is eight carbs in total and so so delicious okay now on to lunch another reason why i love this lunch is you can make it the day before and take it to work the next day a very very handy work lunch that you can prepare in advance so i bought just some simple salmon fillets from kohl's portion of salmon sizzling in the pan with a little bit of olive oil or you could use butter um just a good fat to cook the salmon in a pan fry i like mine done pretty medium so it's still quite nice and soft and pink in the middle a bit of a crispy skin and basically just season that with salt and pepper on the side of a really full green leafy salad i added all sorts of things in my salad i added half an avocado because you really need to get the good fats in and also it really fills you up i had cucumber a bit of red onion a mixed leafy salad feta or a few black olives and that was a delish delish lunch so what i like to do is once i start getting into it scoop out the avo smash it up and just really mix it all in and i just drizzled a tiny bit of olive oil as a dressing as opposed to actually using a dressing especially supermarket dressings they can add a lot of other ingredients that boost up the carbs so a pure olive oil with a bit of salt and pepper is amazing to me especially because you've got the taste of the feta the red onion i don't feel like it needs a lot of flavoring anyway so my green salad with my salmon delicious lunch and it was really filling as well probably due to the salmon itself and the avocado and that's often a lunch that i make for work okay now for dinner i basically just did a really quick sort of spin spin-off of a chicken palmer without the crumbing so i just grabbed chicken thighs they're my favorite favorite chicken to cook they're not as dry as breast and they are just really tasty and succulent and delicious so i just fried up chicken thighs seasoned with a bit of garlic salt and salt and pepper in some butter in the pan sort of par cooked it so about halfway through i topped it with passata i transferred it to a baking dish topped it with passata some sliced deli ham and some mozzarella we topped with oregano and then popped it in to finish cooking in the oven now that was delicious and the whole family enjoyed it so that's one thing i like about this sort of recipe i can make it for myself carb free and i can also make it for the family and what i did was i popped some potato wedges in the oven for them and they loved that dinner with the veggies as well so i simply just steamed some broccolini and had that but it was a yummy filling dinner easily adaptable to make it family friendly all you i had to do was add sort of like a carb which could have been any cup could be rice could have been potatoes i opted for some easy wedges in the oven because i was cooking in the oven anyway so that was yummy okay now while i was cooking dinner i also made on the side a little sweet treat for dessert now this i saw off one of my facebook keto pages it was a pure and simple little cheesecake trick that is so delicious and if you have a serving size it's about one carb so ideal for a dessert basically what it is i'll insert the clips it's purely just the light jelly crystals and a block of philadelphia cream cheese all you have to do is just let the cream cheese get to room temperature pop it in a bowl fork mash it up add the jelly crystals stir it around and once it's nice and combined and nice and soft roll them into little balls and pop them in a container pop them in the fridge and then you've got little cheesecake balls for dessert so i had two of those after dinner and they were delish so all in all that's my day i also had in the afternoon a couple of little macadamia nuts yum they are addictive it's hard to stop at a few but i had a little small handful of those and that's my day i wasn't hungry i feel like if you're drinking enough water you don't get hungry but it does take a while for your stomach to sort of adapt to the smaller portions obviously but that's the way it is in any diet but i feel like because you're fueling your body with good fats and proteins you stay full for longer in my opinion and that's one reason that i love this diet because because i feel like you're not hungry all the time and that is super important to me that is my day usually i would have another coffee in the afternoon my carbs allow that because the almond milk that i have is about half a carb per coffee so i usually have the two during the day but for some reason yesterday i didn't i just had water instead so that was my day of eating and it was yummy everything was yummy and everything that i made was really good for taking to work the next day i hope you enjoyed that if you do like these sort of videos i can do more i eat various different keto meals every day so i've got can make plenty more videos on this topic if you guys enjoy it but that's it for me today i hope you're all keeping well during lockdown and stay tuned for my next video i think providing everything gets delivered in time it will be a target haul so keep an eye out for that and thanks for joining me today big big welcome and thank you to all my new subbies i have hit 100 subscribers and i am super excited so i am so blessed to have you all here and i really really appreciate your time and the fact that you hit the subscribe button means the world to me so i've got plenty of videos coming up my channel is phenomenal 40s i i really just like making videos on all things lifestyle whether it be our home our health our skin our makeup our anything that makes us look and feel good whether you're 40 or whatever age you are i really enjoy making that sort of content for you guys so i really appreciate you being here so that being said have a great day i really hope my video brought you a little bit of entertainment in this time so take care guys and i will see you on my next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @KetoCookbooksCorner [2 likes]: Thank you for sharing your choices and inspiring others with your delicious and nutritious keto meals!
  2. @booboobearify: Im 41 keto has cleared up my acne and helps my belly bloat
  3. @alissaloverobinson9963: Everything looked so yummy and thanks for sharing the cheese balls I have to try that!!
  4. @julesmckay5518: Hi Alana, I’m loving your channel, keep it up, I’m sure your subscriber numbers will explode before too long! 💕

- Low Carb Meal Prep For Busy Women: Improve Consistency & Get Results: Kind: captions Language: en hello hello ladies I hope that you are all doing well I'm trying to find my my screen here so that I can um start today's topic we are talking about simple meal low-carb meal prep for busy women and the idea here is that I want to help you with your consistency so that you can get better results and uh bear with me here while I find my zoom because it seems to have escaped me somehow and um and I've got a nice little presentation that I want to share with you today there we are so I'm just gonna share that and we are going to jump in and um the reason I decided to do this topic today is because I definitely see with a lot of my clients and a lot of the women in this group that I talk to that consistency is a problem right so by consistent consistency I mean that you know we're we're trying our very best to make healthy choices but we don't do it all the time especially when life gets busy or we get stressed out or we feel overwhelmed but unfortunately when it comes to weight loss or you know just having more energy or or being healthy consistency is key right and we're going to talk a little bit more about that today um so what I wanted to do today is really give you some super simple ways of getting yourself organized for the week meal prepping in advance or even just having some super simple recipes or ideas that you can kind of throw together during the week even if you haven't prepped in advance so that's kind of what we're going to be covering today now I can see that some of you have already joined me on Facebook so if you are joining me live please say hello say hello to me right now in the comments I see Renee and Thelma are watching so say hello let me know where you are joining me from and I know that for many of you you will be catching this on the replay so if you do watch this on replay put a team Replay in the comments so that I can see who has seen this and I would love to know are you currently eating low carb or are you thinking about moving towards a low-carb approach and you're watching this to start getting some ideas hi Melissa all right so um let's dive in here so very quickly I know we have a lot of new women that have joined the group and I haven't done a workshop in a while but if you are new I am Haley I am the woman who created this group I'm a board certified health and wellness coach and I specifically work with women in perimenopause menopause post menopause I teach them how to change or tweak their nutrition and their lifestyle habits so that they can manage their weights so that they can boost their energy and create vibrant health and if you have read or have been told that weight gain is inevitable as part of menopause I'm here to tell you it ain't true okay I've got plenty of clients I even have recently a 74 year old who lost 26 pounds so stick with me and um we will work on that together all right so very quickly again I'm the project I'm the founder of a website called project menopause da I also created a program called perimenopause Body Solutions and at this point I've had probably over 350 women go through that program um and and again my sort of approach to weight loss is really to focus on tackling hormonal balance and optimizing um optimizing your metabolism and again my Approach is very much low carb and so that's going to be sort of like what we're talking about today is a lower carb approach so whether you're new to low carb or you've been doing it for a while hopefully I can give you some tips and tricks so let's start by talking about why meal prep is super super key um and really it's pretty simple meal prep equals consistency equals results right you have to the and this is what I I kind of again say to my clients is that you know if you're going if you have a weight loss goal it has to become a priority it has to become something that you place a little bit more focus on and nutrition that little piece of it nutrition is going to be super super key and I see a lot of women that when they want to lose weight their first sort of like thought is okay I'm gonna go to the gym more often I'm gonna go outside and run I'm gonna do this I'm going to do that and I would argue that you are much better off taking whatever free time you have to do some meal prep because 80 of your results are going to happen in the kitchen okay now the other thing about meal prep is it's going to save time it's going to reduce your stress and I promise you it will help you hit your goals and you can see below this is I asked some of my clients to just kind of share how meal prep has helped them and as you can see meal prep is a game changer it helps me stay on track um you know it helps me to make better choices so that I'm not looking for something to eat in a rush when I'm at the office right so that is the power of meal prep that it helps you to create what I call a well-formulated low carb nutrition because I think this is a mistake that a lot of women do when they shift into a lower carb approach is that they just assume okay well you know I know what kind of you know fits in the low carb category I'm just going to kind of like grab this and grab that and this is approved and this is approved and so we their women are throwing together different foods that are low carb but they're not giving their body what it needs to thrive on low carb and meal prep becomes important because you have to put a little bit of thought into what you're going to eat in order to look your best and feel your best when you're using a low carb approach and when I'm talking about a well-formulated low-carb diet again it's way more than just reducing your carbs and I think again this is a mistake that women make is they just assume okay I gotta get rid of bread I gotta get rid of pasta I've got to get rid of sugar and cookies and all these things there's much more that goes into it than that you have to think about Hunger management because if you're not managing your hunger you are not going to stay on track for very long you have to think about protecting your lean muscle mass we are over the age of 40 ladies and we are going to be more prone to sarcopenia or losing our muscle mass and we have to do things to protect them we have to ensure that we're reducing metabolic stress we cannot go on a 1200 calorie diet we have to make sure we're eating enough calories to avoid stressing out our metabolism and slowing it down we have to think about how can we support our hormones as we as you know when we're in perimenopause and menopause our hormones are all over the place and I'm not just talking about estrogen in and progesterone I'm talking about testosterone insulin cortisol I'm talking about your adrenals your thyroid so we have to start we have to take that into consideration and of course we support our overall health so again a little bit of thought has to go into this so in my program which is called perimenopause Body Solutions one of the main things I teach women is what I call the low carb formula and I won't go into it in depth in this in this course or in this Workshop because I've covered it before and I can share that with you but two of The crucial components of the low carb formula are 30 grams of protein per meal and four to six servings of vegetables daily okay as you can imagine that requires some planning okay it it we have to come up with with some strategies for making this happen and that's what I'm going to be sharing with you today you'll see that we're going to go into all kinds of strategies and all kinds of ideas to help you get more protein in your diet and to help you get more veggies in your diet okay all right let's go into it simplifying meal prep that is for me you know I'm I am all about keeping it as simple as possible um I myself am often home alone with a six-year-old and so I can't do complicated the way I used to before she came into my life and a lot of my clients are busy career women they have children they are away on the weekend at ski resorts and doing this and doing that they're active so we don't have much time we don't want to take up too much time in the kitchen so we have to think about how can we simplify it okay so I'm going to start by giving you some of the simple meal prep strategies that I use inside of perimenopause Solutions so number one is a weekend success ritual and this is something that my clients learn and I think the third week of the program where really really it's sort of like you gotta find time on the weekend to do some planning like you have to plan out your meals I give them meal plans but they have to decide if they like the recipes or if they're going to find their own they have to find time to go and Shop because if you don't have healthy ingredients in your fridge guess what you're going to reach for crap and they have to have some time to chop or do a little bit of prep work okay that's the weekend success ritual now I'm going to talk about the 6s formula and a second here but that is another strategy and what it basically means is meals where protein and veggies because remember that's part of the low carb formula the 6s formula is basically different types of meals or recipes that include both protein and veggies all at once so it just makes it that much easier another strategy is make ahead breakfast recipes okay and I have a cheat sheet that I'm going to give you that's going to give you some ideas here I won't go through them all with you today because you're going to get very bored of listening to me talk but make ahead breakfast recipes a couple of examples chia seed pudding with some extra protein powder is one of them uh doing like a a scramble or a frittata with additional protein and extra veg making a low carb hash these are all things that you could do on a Sunday morning when you have more time or a Saturday make some leftovers heat them up earlier in the week okay that is I get my clients to do this on almost all my meal plans the first couple of days of the week are leftovers from the weekend or something that they can prep very quickly this weekend I made a chocolate peanut butter chia seed pudding I put all the ingredients in a blender blended it all up it took me about five minutes and I chucked in my chia seed and I just let it sit and then Monday Tuesday Wednesday I just scooped it out and ate it it was delicious okay it does not have to take much work protein shakes protein shakes yes I know sometimes they can be boring but they are the best way to stuff all those nutrients into a blender blend it up in five minutes walk out the door with your protein shake and a straw and just get on with your day okay and sometimes we just have to be like okay how am I gonna do this remember consistency equals results if you're not consistent and you're not getting results that's the first thing you got to look at okay make ahead soups and salads this is another key strategy inside my program I do a lot of chopped salads so instead of having like these wilted greens that get all like soggy and gross we do a lot of like cabbage or we do like um steamed broccoli or napa cabbage or Brussels sprout salads so vegetables that don't get mushy that you can make ahead of time and once again eat on repeat during the week and then soups and another thing that I get my clients to do with my meal plans and as part of the strategy is instant pot soups we're going to talk about instant pots we do that on a Sunday we make a big batch of soup that includes protein and veggies for our low carb formula and then freeze them in individual containers for later in the week so by Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday morning when you haven't gone grocery shopping you have something that you can just grab and go because that's going to be the key is that you need to figure out how can I make low carb meals that are simple easy efficient convenient because that's what we're looking for right if we don't have time or we're stressed out we're going to be like what is the most convenient oh cheese and crackers okay that's what's convenient or the bag of chips and the dip or whatever it may be so these are all just strategies for thinking about how to make it more convenient to make the right choice we're going to talk again about instant pot but instant pot and one pan meals again the idea here is that you can shove the protein and the vegetables in one dish as opposed to having like the rice in one pot and then the vegetables over here and the protein in the oven and now you have all of these dishes and you're overwhelmed and the next day you're like I'm just gonna shove pizza in the oven okay simple sides simple sides are key like I do the same sides over and over and over again and I keep it simple sometimes it's steamed broccolini with butter doesn't have and some salt maybe a little bit of lemon juice or I do a lot of cauliflower rice sometimes I buy the Frozen stuff right you've got to come up with strategies that will help you to get vegetables on the table as quickly as possible with the least amount of brain effort because at the end of the day we have decision fatigue we don't feel like thinking about what we want to make so find what I also tell my clients is every time you find a recipe that you enjoy your family enjoys it doesn't take time or much time to cook and prepare and clean that's a strategy put it in your toolbox and use it whenever you need to okay and then of course leftovers leftovers like a simple simple strategy is if you cook if you currently have a family of four start cooking for five and don't let them have it hide it in the back of the fridge use that as your lunch okay so those are just some simple strategies now I want to talk more about what I call the 6s formula so again the idea with the 6s the 6s formula is that these are simple sort of cooking techniques or recipes or or thing or ways of cooking where the protein and the veggies are all in one we talked about protein shakes we've talked about salads salads are easy and if you think salads are boring it's because you have you need to get more creative salads are delicious you can make them in any which way and keep it super super interesting we'll talk about salad bars in a bit soups right any kind of soup instant pot check in your veggies whatever your spices are seven some chicken thighs you've got yourself a really good soup that's going to help you meet your macronutrient needs right stir fries meat veggies fat sauces spices boom in one pot stews which I like to do in the instant pot and then sheet pan recipes sheet pan recipes are where you basically put some kind of protein and some vegetables and some spices on a baking sheet and you shove it in the oven and while it's in the oven you can walk away and do your laundry and do other things okay so again we're talking about how we can be as efficient as possible so just remember this shakes salads soups stir-fry stews and Sheet pans all cooking methods that are going to help you be more efficient and again I'm going to give you guys a cheat sheet um I'm gonna put the link in the um sort of uh introduction to this video so come back and find it or maybe I'll try and put it in the comments towards the end here and it'll it'll have all of this for you so that you can come back and get those ideas okay low carb meal prep so that was sort of like giving you ideas of cooking techniques let's call it this is like just super basic low carb meal prep that you can do on the weekend and you don't have to do all of this but you can do some of it every single weekend okay hard-boiled eggs being one of them they're pretty easy especially in the instant pot once again you're going to hear me say instant pot a lot but have a batch of hard-boiled eggs grill or roast some chicken okay yes it's kind of boring I know but if you plop it in soups or you put it in your salad and you have a yummy dressing it won't be as boring I promise you roasted vegetables chop a bunch of veggies toss them in olive oil a little bit of salt and pepper roast them in the oven salad greens and chopped vegetables right so just making sure that you wash your greens right because if you're anything like me if I buy like a Romaine like a head of romaine lettuce and I don't prep it during the week when I'm tired I'm like I don't feel like doing it so either do it in advance or do what I do and buy like the boxed salads like the mixes like the mixed green the arugula the spring greens whatever it is where you don't have to do any work you just pull it out and make a salad chop your veggies if you're gonna if you're going to have um you know bell peppers or cucumber or celery or anything like that just chop it up in advance you can do all of this while you're watching Netflix okay and you've got it going in the background or you're listening to a podcast and it keeps you entertained whatever keeps whatever helps motivate you to get in the kitchen and do a little bit of this dips and dressings right so and I should add like marinades and sauces there but um one great habit is just get into the get into the habit of making a salad dressing once a week like go online find a quick salad dressing a balsamic vinaigrette a champagne vinaigrette a green goddess dressing and have it in the fridge ready to go and then you can avoid the crappy stuff that you can get at the grocery store um or different dips like a chimichurri that you can like drizzle over chicken anything like that because that's where the flavor is right the flavor is in our dips our sauces our dressings our marinades it's not the plain chicken breast the chicken breast is just the means to get the protein um make a batch of cauliflower rice super easy chalk up your cauliflower shove it in a food processor it will literally take you about 10 minutes and then store it in the fridge and then you have a very easy go-to vegetable side dish or zoodles right zucchini noodles you could just do those in advance I will do them again it takes me about five minutes I have a big Tupperware it's in my fridge and then if I want to make you know spaghetti for my daughter I've got my zoodles there super easy there's no extra work um egg muffins which I'm going to give you a recipe for or frittatas which is just again eggs extra protein vegetables cook them in advance warm them up during the week low carb soups and chia seed puddings okay these are just some basic recipes that you can and again you don't have to do all of this all at once but what you can do is like pick and choose a couple and just get a head start on the week because that's going to be the key is to get the Head Start so that during the week it's that much easier okay so meal prep strategy strategy so now I'm going to talk about some specific strategies and the first one I want to talk to you about is the instant pot put your put it like raise your hand put instant pot in the comments right now if you have one if you do not I promise you when my clients when I'm when I when they start my program if they don't have an instant pot I'm like please go out and buy one a lot of my recipes are instant Pot recipes and I promise you it's going to be a game changer and a lot of my clients already have instant pots collecting dust because they're too nervous to learn how to use it I I was nervous the first time too now it is like I use it multiple times a week I love my instant pot one of the beautiful things about the instant pot is you can set it and forget it you literally shove a bunch of ingredients in the instant pot you put the lid on you set your timer dinner Cooks itself you can go and do other things so here are some of the things that I make in my instant pot I make a lot of soups I make chilies I make curries I have a wonderful butter chicken I make different stews like this week I made a Cacciatore chicken stew with like roasted bell peppers in a jar I didn't have to actually roast them myself there were Capers mushrooms it was delicious it was so good um so different stews you can make your spaghetti sauce you can make those hard-boiled eggs they're easy you literally put your eggs a cup of water I think you set it for about six minutes if you want hard-boiled eggs and then when you when they come out out they peel super easily Game Changer any kind of harder vegetable like beets or spaghetti squash you can you can start cooking them again on a Sunday and then during the week you now have these cooked beets you can make a nice beet salad or you can get your spaghetti squash out and you can stir fry it with some butter and some spices and make a really easy side dish you can make cauliflower mash in in your instant pot or you could even do like potatoes if you're having a day where you're boosting up your carb intake you can also make like like big batches of meat my two favorite are pork carnitas which is basically like pork shoulder with like a little bit of liquid and some spices and you cook it for like 30 minutes and it just it turns into pulled pork and then that pulled pork you can use later in the week with whatever right you can use it with chimichurri sauce you can make some tacos you can add it to your salad but again it's about having that protein cooked and ready to go so that during the week all you have to do is pull out a little portion and just you know add it to your to your meals right again low carb formula two of the Main Ingredients protein at every meal and veggies at every meal or shredded salsa chicken literally chicken a jar of salsa turn it on okay I know you can all do that right okay I'm getting lots of Hearts coming up so I'm hoping that this means that you you guys are getting some ideas here and that this is giving you some again very practical implemental implementable I don't even know if that's a word strategies that you can use okay let's keep going here all right meal prep strategy number two is a salad bar I just did this workshop with my with my clients where I just essentially taught them how to create their own salad bar like you know when you go to the restaurant and they have this big fancy salad bar although usually they're pretty crappy well you can create your own in about an hour on a Sunday and then you can literally have a different lunch every single day and so I did this with my clients and I sort of like showed them all the different lunches that I had made for myself so every day of the week it was a different salad and here are some of the things that you can do on a Sunday as part of your meal prep so that you can have a different salad for lunch every single day so again make sure you've got greens if you're not going to clean them and chop them yourself buy the pre-made stuff some fresh herbs chopped or grated vegetables like grated carrots or grated beets um dense protein remember you need to make sure you have your protein this could be cooking chicken or it could be emergency protein like cans of tuna cans of um of salmon you could have smoked salmon in the freezer you can have pre uh pre-peeled and cooked shrimp like you know think of ways that you can make it super simple hard-boiled eggs going back to that making sure you have different types of cheese in your fridge making sure you have nuts and seeds and if you want to get really fancy you can even like roast them or you can toss them in butter with a little bit of um monk fruit or allulose to just give them that little like candied crust those are delicious make your dressings which I talked about earlier grow some vegetables right so roasted vegetables in a salad are delicious so again you could take you could take a second and roast some vegetables and then have them in a container and toss them in your salad toppings what what toppings do you want can you chop up some sun-dried tomatoes can you can you caramelize an onion um you know and again if you want to add a few carbs you can think about roasting some chickpeas or cooking some grains like quinoa that you can toss into your salad none of this needs to take a lot of time with the grains you can even now buy um containers or packs of pre-cooked grains um they're not instant they're actual whole grains they've just cooked it for you and you literally can just break it apart and they're done right so but think about how you could build your salad bar for yourself and then every morning you can be like oh what am I going to put in my salad today and you can come up with a different idea okay next meal prep strategy is easy breakfast ideas I know the breakfast is probably a challenge for a lot of women and I think this is where women fall into the Trap of wanting to grab like a muffin or a bagel or a couple of pieces of toast or you know yogurt and granola and I again going back to the low carb formula and giving your body what it needs to manage your hunger balance your hormones optimize your metabolism protein is super super key has to be in your breakfast and if you can if you can get veggies in your breakfast it's like bonus points okay so some ideas that are packed with protein so egg muffins this is great you put them you can do them in like a muffin tin and again in the cheat sheet you'll have like a general side like a little bit of a cheat sort of a guide for doing that but it's like eggs additional protein veggies maybe a bit of cream you can add in some cheese if you want you bake them in the oven in in a muffin tin the same way as you would do regular muffins and then you can freeze them and you can pull them out when you need them right um so that's great idea you could do low carb breakfast burritos right so the idea here is like scrambled egg some vegetables maybe some salsa some guacamole you can buy the low carb tortillas or the coconut wraps have them pre-done and wrapped and ready to go and then you just have to pick them out of the fridge in the morning and off you go you could make protein pancakes ahead of time and just put them in your toaster in the morning and have those ready to go cottage cheese is a great high protein breakfast you could just toss in a little bit of fruit toss in a little bit of nuts and there you go you've got a great breakfast frittatas which is kind of like a quiche without the the crust um chia seed pudding I add protein powder to my chia seed pudding and that'll keep in the fridge for three to four days low carb hash like I said at the beginning Greek yogurt another source of protein that is low carb you can add some berries some nuts I like to add a little bit of MCT oil to get some healthy fats and protein shakes these are all make-ahead breakfast ideas that are packed with protein that are going to help you because remember it is not just about reducing the carbs we have to think about protein we have to think about fiber we have to make sure we're getting enough veggies so these are awesome ideas for you okay so that's it those are my strategies I just threw like a bunch of stuff at you um you can come back and listen to this on repeat I'm gonna give you that cheat sheet actually why don't I do it now I'll do it in a second I'll put it in in a second um but again I wanted to show you this is um one final little um one of my clients who just popped this in this week um and I if you read this again if you're not meal prepping there's a really good chance that you are not going to consistently choose low carb meals that are going to help you reach your goals and if you're not consistent you're not going to get results it's that simple you have to figure out how to be more consistent with your choices and if you read this you can see that it only really all comes together for my week if I've done the actual prep in advance it doesn't mean you have to spend all day in the kitchen on Sunday one hour two hours if you have it I promise you it's going to be a game changer but even if you don't do that you can like and maybe Sunday is not a good day for you maybe you get up on a Monday morning or maybe you go maybe you do it on a Wednesday night you have to figure out what's going to work for you and how you'll be able to do this more consistently and if you still don't have time use some of the strategies that I've given you that don't require much time like again if I don't have much time steamed broccolini and butter and boom it's on the table with a bit of salt and some lemon juice I just get her done right okay three ways I can help so if you need more support number one if you haven't received it or already I recently created like a just a a short series of videos It's about macros it's free each video is less than 10 minutes if you want to get that if you haven't started receiving it yet um because there's over 3000 members and I can only get it out to so many women at a time but if you want to get that training just put macros for menopause in the comments and then I will start sending you the this little series there's like five different videos it will introduce you to the macros for menopause method and how I and how I create that well formulated low carb nutrition the other thing you can do is you can ask me about my 21 day low carb challenge or macros for menopause challenge it's almost ready I think by next time my this time next week it should be ready and you can hop onto that you'll get meal plans you'll get recipes I think there's over 60 recipes um inside of it using the strategies that I've given you today the protein shakes and the instant Pot recipes and the simple salads and all of that stuff that will help you get started and if you really need the support and the accountability then you can also reach out and ask me to set up a time to chat to see if you would be a good fit for my personal coaching program lots and lots of support in this group it's free or you can do one of my smaller programs or my bigger programs but if you are struggling with consistency and you're feeling frustrated reach out to me and let's see how I can help Okay if you want to learn more about the program is projectmenopause.ca forward slash details um on Facebook if you're watching this you know where the group is but you can also find me at Haley Wilson Fitness or you can shoot me an email whatever you want to do and what I'm going to do is I'm going to go and I'm going to stop share and I'm going to go and find Facebook and I'm gonna plop this whoops let's see if I can do this I'm gonna go and find I'm going to give you guys the link to the document that you can grab that has like all of this information and a little extra I just didn't want to bore you to death by going through recipes because I think that would be a pretty boring pretty boring Workshop okay let's jump onto Facebook I'm gonna place it in the comments so you can you should see it pop up if this works the way I think it's gonna work so let's go comment and there's a link you should be able to find that Now ladies um simple low carb meal prep for busy women if this was good if this was helpful can you give me a thumbs up in the comments or give me a little heart let me know that you enjoyed it don't forget team replay or team live tell me where you're from um if you have any specific questions about meal prep please let me know um if you have any questions about low carb nutrition or hormones or anything please let me know you can reach out to me in the DMs I won't bite I won't force you to buy anything um I'm here to help I'm here to support thank you so much for joining me today have a wonderful evening and I'll see you again soon next topic by the way is going to be 10 I think 10 things that every single woman has to understand about hormones and Metabolism in order to lose weight it's going to be a good one thanks for watching see you again soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @joannekersey7293 [1 likes]: Team replay instant pot
  2. @berrie2981: 😬 "PromoSM"
  3. @nezukocrossing9586: Macro menopause
  4. @Debbie0761: Thanks so much

- 3-Day EATING PLAN to Start or Restart Low Carb Dieting: Kind: captions Language: en-US Whether you got off track or your&nbsp; low carb diet failed to launch,&nbsp;&nbsp; having a plan keeps you from spinning your wheels. This video shares a simple and&nbsp; specific eating plan that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can follow for the next three days&nbsp; to jumpstart your low carb success. [Intro Music] I am often asked to be specific&nbsp; and mention actual foods to eat.&nbsp;&nbsp; The challenge in doing this for a worldwide&nbsp; audience is that the food choices will not&nbsp;&nbsp; work for everyone. If you prefer a plant-based&nbsp; diet or have food restrictions, I am sorry that&nbsp;&nbsp; this video is not for you. However, I have many&nbsp; videos you can benefit from on my channel page. When you switch to a low carb diet, what&nbsp; you do not eat is as important as what you&nbsp;&nbsp; do eat. You want to avoid foods that stimulate&nbsp; your appetite and eat foods that quiet hunger.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's start with what to avoid. Sugar is quick energy. When you eat it, it&nbsp; gives you an energy boost that feels good.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is one of the reasons eating sugar&nbsp; makes you want to keep eating sugar. The&nbsp;&nbsp; problem is that you cannot survive on&nbsp; a high-sugar diet. Although some of us,&nbsp;&nbsp; including my former self, have given it a good&nbsp; try. At some point, you will not feel good. Ironically, getting away from sugar can&nbsp; also lead to ill feelings. When you go from&nbsp;&nbsp; a high-sugar diet to no sugar, your blood&nbsp; sugar crashes, your energy level plummets,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you may even feel shaky. This happens because&nbsp; the human body runs on what it has available. When&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar is constantly coming in, your body runs on&nbsp; sugar. When you go low carb, you cut out sugar,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it must use an alternate energy source.&nbsp; The good news is that the alternative is fat,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you will become a better fat burner. The&nbsp; temporary bad news is that it will take time&nbsp;&nbsp; for your body to create the enzymes and pathways&nbsp; needed to efficiently burn fat for energy. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; your energy level will drop before it goes up,&nbsp; but this transition is well worth the effort. For the next three days, you want to&nbsp; eliminate added sugar. Specifically,&nbsp;&nbsp; avoid packaged foods and drinks with sugar&nbsp; listed as one of the first three ingredients.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is a long list because it includes nearly&nbsp; all of the ultra-processed foods out there. And&nbsp;&nbsp; unfortunately, ultra-processed foods make up&nbsp; over half of the total calories Americans eat. So, this one rule eliminates a lot of foods,&nbsp; which is okay because those are the foods that&nbsp;&nbsp; make us sick and fat. And you want to keep&nbsp; in mind that sugar goes by many names. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if the food has corn syrup, dextrose,&nbsp; maltodextrin, fruit juice concentrate, sucrose,&nbsp;&nbsp; or another sugar alias listed as one of the first&nbsp; three ingredients, leave it at the grocery store.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you are unsure if sugar is hidden in a food,&nbsp; assume that it is and leave it at the store. A piece of fruit has natural sugar.&nbsp; That is okay because the sugar is&nbsp;&nbsp; locked within the fibrous portions of&nbsp; the fruit, slowing its absorption. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you do not have to stop eating fruit of any&nbsp; variety to follow this 3-day eating plan. Two things that you will want to&nbsp; avoid, in addition to added sugar,&nbsp;&nbsp; are bread and breaded foods. You can find&nbsp; bread that has "zero net carbs" listed on&nbsp;&nbsp; the label or no sugar added. However, these&nbsp; commercial products do not deliver on the&nbsp;&nbsp; promise they make. Bread, along with breaded&nbsp; and fried foods, stimulate your appetite,&nbsp;&nbsp; defeating the overarching goal of this preparation&nbsp; period which is to feel in control of your eating. As you get more sophisticated with&nbsp; your low carb diet, you will find&nbsp;&nbsp; ways to make acceptable homemade versions&nbsp; of these foods, but save that until you&nbsp;&nbsp; feel in control of your eating, and you&nbsp; will be much happier with your results. Speaking of homemade. Home cooking&nbsp; is a key to successfully launching&nbsp;&nbsp; or relaunching your low carb&nbsp; diet, and it does not need to&nbsp;&nbsp; be complicated or time-consuming. So&nbsp; let's start building our eating plan. Start by hard-boiling six eggs. You will eat&nbsp; two each day. When you eat them is up to you.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you'd like to have breakfast, eat them in&nbsp; the morning. If you like to shorten your eating&nbsp;&nbsp; window to practice intermittent fasting,&nbsp; you can have them as an afternoon snack. Here again, this plan contains specific&nbsp; foods that do not work for everyone. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you can eat eggs, they just are not&nbsp; your favorite, I encourage you to still&nbsp;&nbsp; give this plan a try. The foods I am&nbsp; including were selected because they&nbsp;&nbsp; stabilize your blood sugar and satisfy&nbsp; hunger for hours. That stability has a&nbsp;&nbsp; calming effect, so you do not need to rely&nbsp; on willpower to feel in control of eating. Lunch is a large salad with protein, fat,&nbsp; and some fiber. The reason a salad works&nbsp;&nbsp; so well is because there is a lot to eat,&nbsp; so your stomach is filled with non-starchy&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetables that take a long time to digest. Salad&nbsp; is also the perfect base for adding protein, fat,&nbsp;&nbsp; and fiber. All four of these elements, volume,&nbsp; protein, fat, and fiber, give you sustained&nbsp;&nbsp; hunger control and blood sugar stability, which&nbsp; sets you up for success with your low carb diet. I have a recipe for my typical lunchtime&nbsp; salad, and I will provide a link in the&nbsp;&nbsp; description area below this video.&nbsp; If you just want to build your own,&nbsp;&nbsp; good salad toppers include slices of avocados,&nbsp; raw nuts and seeds, cheese, meat, fish, chicken,&nbsp;&nbsp; and full-fat salad dressing, which can&nbsp; be as simple as olive oil and vinegar. For dinner, you are going for the same&nbsp; hunger-satisfaction effect that you&nbsp;&nbsp; went for at lunch. Therefore, you want to have an&nbsp;&nbsp; entree that contains protein and fat and&nbsp; a side dish that adds volume and fiber. For this plan, make my Easy Keto&nbsp; Chicken Tenders. Meal prep is as&nbsp;&nbsp; easy as putting all of the ingredients in a&nbsp; bag, smooshing them together, and dumping them&nbsp;&nbsp; onto a baking sheet. I will link to the free&nbsp; downloadable recipe in the description area. With that recipe, I share how to make&nbsp; an easy side dish using a bag of frozen&nbsp;&nbsp; broccoli topped with cheese. It is simple&nbsp; to prepare because all you need to do is&nbsp;&nbsp; follow the directions on the bag and add&nbsp; butter and cheese. For that small effort,&nbsp;&nbsp; you add hunger-satisfying volume,&nbsp; fat, and fiber to your meal. You can make life simple by making a double&nbsp; batch of chicken tenders and eating them each&nbsp;&nbsp; day or mix up dinnertime by buying a frozen&nbsp; package of hamburgers and cooking them to have&nbsp;&nbsp; on one or two of the days. Yes, quality matters&nbsp; and grass-fed beef is your best choice, but if&nbsp;&nbsp; that is a barrier for you, look for 100% ground&nbsp; beef burgers so you can get yourself started. The burger will be eaten without a bun. You&nbsp; can wrap it in lettuce leaves if you would&nbsp;&nbsp; like to pick it up and add tomato, onion, and&nbsp; pickles. There are low-sugar ketchup varieties,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you will still be better off going&nbsp; with low-carb condiments, like mustard and&nbsp;&nbsp; real mayonnaise, preferably made with&nbsp; avocado oil, like Primal Kitchen brand.&nbsp;&nbsp; Miracle Whip is not a good choice because&nbsp; it is made with high fructose corn syrup. If you would like a different&nbsp; side dish than broccoli,&nbsp;&nbsp; pick up a bag of green beans and prepare&nbsp; them using the package directions. Will these be the most exciting meals? No. But&nbsp; they taste good, control your blood sugar and&nbsp;&nbsp; hunger, and fill your stomach, which takes&nbsp; us to the next part of our plan, eat enough. We have been conditioned to equate&nbsp; dieting with low calories. Calories&nbsp;&nbsp; are an important consideration for weight&nbsp; loss. However, cutting calories to eat less&nbsp;&nbsp; of the same appetite-stimulating foods&nbsp; leaves you with nothing but misery,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we do not keep doing things that make&nbsp; us miserable, at least not voluntarily. The goal of this 3-day plan is to prepare your&nbsp; body for weight loss. This should be looked at&nbsp;&nbsp; as a time to help your body feel comfortable.&nbsp; That comfort comes when your blood sugar and&nbsp;&nbsp; hunger hormone levels are stable. That stability&nbsp; comes from eating whole foods that have volume,&nbsp;&nbsp; protein, fat, and fiber. If I sound&nbsp; like a broken record, it is intentional. During this 3-day period, eat big portions&nbsp; at mealtimes. Salad fits in this bowl,&nbsp;&nbsp; top it with 4 to 6 ounces of meat, along with the&nbsp; other toppers that I mentioned and that you enjoy. Dinner, if you want an extra portion,&nbsp; eat it. Do not eat dessert. You want to&nbsp;&nbsp; utilize this prep period to move away from&nbsp; the idea that dessert must follow a meal. Those two hard-boiled eggs can be eaten as a&nbsp; small meal before lunch or in the afternoon,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you have three eating occasions during the&nbsp; day. While it might not always be possible,&nbsp;&nbsp; work on eating enough at mealtimes and eliminate&nbsp; snacking in between. But if you need something,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have videos on low carb and keto&nbsp; snacks. A few choices include raw or&nbsp;&nbsp; lightly toasted almonds, cheese,&nbsp; and no-sugar-added beef sticks. Diets often fail because they are&nbsp; a knee-jerk reaction to something.&nbsp;&nbsp; For instance, a friend says, Do you&nbsp; want to go on a diet with me? "Or,&nbsp;&nbsp; you feel uncomfortable in your body&nbsp; and say to yourself, enough is enough." Those moments can initiate action, but if you&nbsp; do not have a plan in place, it is easy to get&nbsp;&nbsp; sidetracked, eat too little, or eat the wrong&nbsp; foods. One day of this uncertainty is okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; Two days can be managed with willpower, but&nbsp; more than that leads to havoc and misery,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the diet fails before&nbsp; the rewards are realized. This 3-day eating plan will get you to the&nbsp; starting line. A well-thought-out low carb&nbsp;&nbsp; diet can get you to the ultimate prize, which&nbsp; is a new way of eating that is easy-to-follow,&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoyable, and effective. When&nbsp; those three E's are in place,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is no need or desire&nbsp; to return to old habits. If you need more motivation and direction&nbsp; to get started, download my free 0,1,2,3&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy. It gives you the basics of the eating&nbsp; plan we just discussed and comes with a video&nbsp;&nbsp; series that is not available on YouTube that&nbsp; explains how to get those three E's in place.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can get those resources by going&nbsp; to DrBeckyFitness.com/Free. Thanks&nbsp;&nbsp; for watching, and have a great rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @unnamable465 [5 likes]: Can of coconut 🥥 milk with 2 avocados, oregano and salt, blend for salad dressing, chicken tender dip, or on a burger patty yum!!!! Add shaves almonds anytime u can to food and ground chia seeds!
  2. @alisonwilke4041 [1 likes]: Thank you Dr. Becky straight and to the point.  Will start this tomorrow 😀
  3. @bernadette6211 [1 likes]: Thankyou so much for this advice, its just what I need to get back on track❤
  4. @SLAYpookie9: Wayyyyy off track, thanks for making this!!!!
  5. @rhondarodriguez5503: What is you have high cholesterol… can you still follow this diet?
  6. @maximanow: only two eggs for breakfast?
coffee?
  7. @louisesteyn8064: You aare such a gem!  Thank you!
  8. @Milomuffin771: Low carb eating gives me insomnia.
  9. @liztrice2942: link for chicken
  10. @AdaIGutierrez-si6dd: Can I eat beans?
  11. @gsteel9408: I love your advice....... not to mention, you are nice to watch
  12. @AngelaSeeksWisdom: My angst here is WHAT IS THE DEFINITION OF LOW CARB FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS VIDEO????   0 GRAMS...20 GRAMS...100 GRAMS...1,000 GRAMS???
  13. @susanjivoini6330: What about Ezekiel bread
  14. @Avagardner2608: If you can it eggs… eat eggs… funny
  15. @empirenimpact: i make my bread. Now I need to avoid?
  16. @sadiakhalid5779: I want to ask is chowing gum break internment fasting?
  17. @paulab984: There's nothing that controls the use of the labeling of beef as "grass fed"?  Corn is a type of grass.  I know of a highly touted "grass fed"  beef brand in my area that is simply corn fed beef that is put on pasture grass for a period so the label "grass fed" is true even though it is misleading.  Nothing controls the use of the terminology of "organic" products either.🎉
  18. @lyf808: What about bread from amish village?
  19. @sharglickman8214: How about if you’re not looking to lose weight but just want to lower carbs from the simple ones to the more complex ones. Also is it possible to go not full on but mid way to start, like maybe cutting out bread for some meals not all. Bread is such a problem in the supermarket. I want to get rid of sugar as it’s useless but this is challenging as it’s everywhere and I think that in the past I didn’t recognize all the other names for it. I know some now . I live in Canada and I wonder if the dietary guidelines are different to yours. Thanks
  20. @ameliahorn1: Your voice is so soothing. Thank you for making this so simple. I love cheese, salad, and apples. I believe i can do this.

- SIMPLE and EASY Meal Prep Ideas for Women for Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en hey there my friend it's Dr Anthony balduzzi and welcome to today's episode today we're going to be talking about some healthy meal prep ideas that are great for weight loss so if you're someone out there and you want to reduce your body weight you want to lose some fat then you probably know nutrition is the key and when it comes to nutrition the key is actually making it simple so you can actually follow through and be consistent because we all know it doesn't really help to go on some fad diet and be on a rigid plan and then to fall off track and regain all the weight so what I want to do today is bring you into my kitchen and run through some of my favorite go-to foods go-to meals that are great for weight loss energy and even muscle building quite frankly and the way we're going to structure this particular episode is I'm going to bring you through some breakfast ideas some lunch ideas some healthy snack ideas and some dinner ideas and I'm going to be asking you some reflection questions as we go through to get you thinking about what are the foods that you can incorporate into your routine to make this really practical I know you're going to learn a ton so you could have some pen and paper take some notes and let's dive on in [Music] all right so let's get into today's episode on some healthy meal prep ideas for weight loss and I want to run through a whole entire day because I think it makes sense to think about how we go through a day the first thing I think I want you to think about when you wake up in the morning before we talk about food is you need to rehydrate your body and this means you get 20 to 32 ounces of high quality water and when I say high quality water ideally it's water that's nice and filtered and you can add in a pinch of some pink Himalayan sea salt or some minerals and you drink that within 30 minutes of getting up our bodies need water to get that energy production going and I want you to get water before you have coffee or any other kind of food now you may have heard the buzz around intermittent fasting the idea that you don't necessarily need to eat in the morning and that's true and I want to say I'm a big proponent of doing things like fasting if it works in your schedule but I still want to talk about breakfast because whether or not you have breakfast at let's just say six seven eight o'clock or if you shift that first meal back to around 10 11 12 this is still going to be relevant and I think when it comes to breakfast and starting off your day you need to make breakfast super simple and here are a couple meals that I absolutely love one of my favorite go-to breakfasts that actually doesn't require a lot of meal prep is making a high quality protein shake all you need is a blender you need a high quality protein powder so this is our fit father version of super fuel it's a whey protein powder we also have plant-based versions but you want to get a protein powder that has around 20 to 25 grams of protein per scoop and it's low in sugar and ideally has some other good nutrients in it like probiotics vitamins and minerals like ours but you throw about a scoop of scoop and a half of protein you can throw in some chia seeds and hemp seeds maybe about one to two tablespoons of that a little bit of almond milk or dairy milk if you like that some wild frozen berries and you can blend up a delicious Shake and one of the reasons that protein shakes are so good in the morning is because they take a little bit of time like like five minutes they keep you very full they don't have a lot of digestive stress and you can be so consistent with it so if you're a busy parent and you're running around prepping your kids for the day getting ready to go out to work you can blend up a shake and get amazing nutrition you don't need to think about it it's automatic so I'm a huge fan of protein shakes and have you ever joined any of our fit father or fit mother programs we give you a bunch of different shake recipes and smoothie recipes using some great ingredients they're super delicious and it kind of becomes addictive because you have such a good routine now another thing that's easy for breakfast is making an egg recipe so I have a couple options here and I'll show you this a little bit closer on screen but I just took some three eggs and these are high quality eggs you can see the yolk it's kind of orangish and these are sunny side up I just put them a little butter in a pan and I fried these things up I put it on a side of some sprouted micro greens and I had some leftover green beans from the night before and I have a little piece of Ezekiel bread toast so this meal doesn't take very long to make I mean just making some eggs up it takes like five minutes to make something like this eggs are a phenomenal phenomenal breakfast food they're high in protein high in healthy fats high in the choline that fuels your brain so when I'm thinking about healthy breakfast it's either a shake or some eggs or the final option I recommend for you is making something like an overnight oatmeal and this is great for you if you're following more of a plant-based vegan vegetarian style lifestyle what you can do is get some organic rolled oats you can throw it in a little mason jar overnight with some hemp seeds some chia seeds some almond milk and just let that soak in the morning you have this delicious oatmeal that's rich in all these vitamins minerals fiber and protein you can throw a scoop of some peanut butter on there and you have a nice simple quick and easy meal the main thing I want you to say right now and think about is breakfast needs to be standardized I want you to think pick one or two go-to options and nail it every single day because what happens is when you're consistent with breakfast it means you're going to carry that momentum on into lunch snack and dinner and this whole wheel of positive momentum churns in your life so shakes eggs overnight oatmeal or even leftovers from dinner the night before are great breakfast options now in between breakfast and lunch I want you to just focus on hydrating don't snack allow your body to have eaten the foods digest stabilize the blood sugar now around let's just say four or five hours later you might be going for lunch now how can we make lunch more simple and consistent there's a couple things that are great the first thing is you can get a salad base of any kind of salad you like spring mix Romaine whatever and you can throw some protein on top so I have a really simple meal here I have a little bit of some grass-fed ground beef that I made up here on the bed of some romaine lettuce with some peppers I mean this is a super easy and simple meal that doesn't take very much how do you do this well what we did the night before is we just pan fried a little bit of this grass-fed ground beef with some taco seasoning and we had a little bit of these Peppers that we just chopped up and and sauteed right over there and you just throw this on a bed of lettuce this literally takes like under five minutes to make after you've done a little bit of prep so if you have these things sitting in your fridge whether it's a chicken breast you cooked salmon or if you're following a vegan vegetarian carrying option you can do some tempeh or something like this throw this on greens you can always do salad and greens and what's cool about this idea of lunch of doing greens and some protein is that even if you're eating out let's say if you're on the go and you need to go to some fast food chain you can do this basically anywhere you can go to McDonald's and get a chicken salad you could go to Chipotle and get a base of some salad with some protein on top so for lunch I want you to think of getting that good basic greens with some protein on top that's going to keep you full and it's very healthy a couple other options for lunch that are phenomenal that don't require a lot of meal prep is making a high quality sandwich so all I did here is like have some Ezekiel Bread you toast this it actually tastes quite good I put in some Sprouts some turkey some mustard you can throw a little avocado little pesto this sandwich is going to be under 400 calories loaded with fiber Protein healthy fats greens so many vitamins and minerals it's amazing and super convenient you could take this on the go and literally there was no prep required for this you just have the pieces of bread that you toast and you throw the already Meats on there or whatever you throw on there easy for following a vegan vegetarian plan you could make this with some high protein peanut butter right toasted Ezekiel Bread throw a cup four tablespoons of peanut butter on there maybe sprinkle on some hemp seeds on there for some extra Protein healthy fats amazing easy this didn't require basically any prep whatsoever other things that are really good for lunch is you can do leftovers from dinner and when we get to dinner I'm going to talk about this concept of a perfect plate this is what a perfect plate framework looks like half of your plate is going to be some kind of Veggie you love a quarter of some kind of protein a quarter some healthy carbs or healthy fats for lunch you can just use leftovers from the night before so you can see how this whole framework starts to stack on itself is really convenient but typically for me Ezekiel Bread sandwich leftovers from the night before or some kind of protein salad is exactly what I'm looking for for lunch now snack snack is something that you don't necessarily have to have but I think a lot of people get in trouble between the hours of lunch around noon and dinner around five or six o'clock that can be a long stretch and if you don't eat anything then you go over into dinner starving and you maybe overeat or eat the wrong Foods or you just don't have a good plan and then you snack on crappy Foods or your blood sugar gets out of control so I like to give people options on how you can do a healthy snack somewhere around two three o'clock to take the edge off a couple convenient things that are really good for meal prep or healthy snacks one are hard-boiled eggs whether or not you have eggs in the morning you can basically make some hard-boiled eggs very easy to do right you just boil these things on the stove top and you can make a dozen hard-boiled eggs in under 15 minutes and they're just there you can have those you can pair those with a little bit of cheese if you want if you if Dairy feels fine for you I have some raw goat cheddar that you can pair with some eggs that is a high protein healthy fat snack that's super good other ideas for snacks that I love are getting some high quality nuts these are some macadamia nuts I love macadamia nuts walnuts pistachios you can get around a third cup of these and pair it with a piece of fruit like an apple I mean this is an amazing snack non-perishable really no meal prep required you just have to have this stuff around the house other things you can do if you're the kind of person who likes bars you can buy some high quality protein bars I have a plant-based one from Garden of Life here I have a go macro bar over here that's good you can also get a high quality protein yogurt so I have a Greek yogurt with Chobani and you could throw some berries in there right so are any of these ringing bells for you as foods that you like I want you to be thinking about what are your go-to healthy foods and when you figure those out you buy them in bulk and you keep them around the house and so far outside of really like the eggs and maybe the grass-fed beef or the protein that was on top of the salad here for lunch no cooking is really required right where this is very simple and easy stuff that you can think about now when it comes to dinner this is where we need to be a little more strategic about our prep and I brought up this idea perfect plate I want to show it to you again to make a perfect plate you need to decide what are your go-to for healthy veggies you love what are your go-to proteins that you love what are your go-to healthy carbs that you love and what are your healthy fats you love and you prep those things in bulk and I want to show you a couple perfect plate meals to fit this bill this first one here right I have some grass-fed ribeye which we just literally cooked in the oven and then we finished a little bit on a on a cast iron skillet so this is not too hard to make you can make this stuff in bulk we just sliced this up we made it the day before we used a pressure cooker to make some of these uh squashes so this is a delicious squash and to be really simple we just threw it on the side of some greens so there you go really easy perfect plate if you like beef this would be something you really love here's a seafood based perfect plate we have some Cajun shrimp which you can make on the grill in the oven with some seasoning you buy some high quality wild shrimp season these puppies up we have some roasted vegetables some brussels sprouts there's some sweet potato in here some acorn squash and then we mix this up with a little bed of some long grain white rice so this is a perfect plate this works really well and again if you make this in bulk for dinner you cook more in dinner you're always going to have leftovers for lunch another perfect plate that's really simple that a lot of people would like is some kind of like spicy chicken breast thing so chicken breasts on the grill again white rice which we made that in a rice cooker we did some steamed broccoli and we have a little bit of avocado for healthy fats and I drizzled a little hot sauce on there so these are pretty simple meals and if you start to think about this for dinner and you're prepping your go-to carbs and proteins in bulk you're going to be in great shape so for me and my family we do once or twice a week we'll have some kind of red meat so either making that grass-fed taco seasoning so we have a taco night we cook up a bunch of that ground beef or we'll make a ribeye steak that's great another night per week we'll make up some chicken or I'm sorry some chicken or some wild salmon and we typically do that most of the times in the oven so you just put more than you need for dinner just load it up there bake this stuff in the oven now you have a bunch of leftovers you can use for lunch and for dinner that day and when it comes to the healthy carbs personally what I like to do is either sweet potatoes some kind of squash or some kind of rice and the way to do that is really easy is you can get yourself a rice cooker so I have a big one here so you get one of these invest in a rice cooker oh my gosh make it so easy you can actually make vegetables and rice in there you put it on you can make great healthy carbs the other thing that's really good is using something like a pressure cooker like an instapot we made all of these uh it just fell apart here but we made some of these squashes here in the instapot and they're so soft it takes around 10 minutes so you can make these these healthy carbs in the insta pot super easy with pressure cooking and so that's really the concept here the concept here is you need to figure out your go-to healthy foods it does not require a ton of prep and quite frankly if you're a person who wants to do zero cooking you could literally go through a zero cooking day of a healthy meal for weight loss you could do a shake in the morning for lunch you could buy some pre-cooked chicken breasts or something like that or even some canned salmon or canned sardines like I have some tinned wild sardines that are so healthy for you you could throw that on top of uh some greens requires no cooking for snack you could have some jerkies or some nuts or a piece of fruit and for dinner you could do any of these other things you could continue to make even an Ezekiel Bread sandwich for dinner with some turkey that's already like pre-cooked with some avocado so the idea is that you need to find your go-to healthy foods so my reflection question for you is this what are your or your family's go-to healthy Foods in the form of proteins healthy carbs fibrish vegetables and healthy fats when you identify those you go to the grocery store you buy those foods and then you start to create like a meal plan that basically works like this and if you want more direct help with this if you want to have everything laid out in a very simple do this here are some recipes then I recommend you check out our free meal plans which are linked in the description we have those for fit fathers and for fit mothers as well as our full paid program and our paid program obviously has the full nutrition plan the full fit father and fit mother recipe book all of the workouts coaching for me and my teams that's the best option if you want to get very serious about weight loss but I think even from this free video you probably have some good ideas on stuff you can start incorporating and my final little bit of tips to kind of wrap this up is if you take one thing away from this video I want you to nail your first meal of the day nail breakfast make it consistent make it high protein gets either the shakes the eggs something like that because when you start to be consistent in breakfast that momentum is going to carry forward it's going to be so much more motivating for you to eat healthy the rest of the day thank you my friend I hope you found this video valuable and you got some ideas on some healthy meal prep or weight loss this is Dr Anthony balduzzi signing off I want you to check out those free meal plans in the description I'll see you around our channels and I'll talk to you very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @FitMotherProject [46 likes]: Get your FREE MEAL PLAN + WORKOUT sent straight to your email: http://bit.ly/fmjs-yt
  2. @ZEN_chads [1 likes]: Loved how this was presented, really kept it clear and engaging throughout 👍
  3. @alonmichal8248 [1 likes]: Great video info,,,but only Healthy Fit Mums?/what about fit dad’s
  4. @jgriffin282 [1 likes]: I’m loving the overnight oats but with a scoop of protein powder in them too and some fruit on top.  Cinnamon doesnt hurt either.
  5. @SherrySumba [1 likes]: I could listen to this all day.
  6. @FrankFerguson-w8g [1 likes]: One boiled egg n half avocado with one slice of toast for breakfast. Yum
  7. @CrystalWhite-v5m: TQSM for this video. I just gave birth 8 months ago and I am trying to get back on track. Need to shred a few pounds and starting with my meals. This helps me a lot, it's easy, simple and delicious too. Works for a new working mother like me. I am so tired with my baby so I need some recipes that don't require much of what's left of my energy.
  8. @Rubina-l7n: the breakfast prep ideas here are what actually move the needle for busy weeks. when you have something ready in the fridge by sunday night, you remove the decision fatigue that tanks everything by wednesday. i've been doing compounded semaglutide through form blends and my relationship with food is so different now that batch cooking actually sticks, smaller portions, less noise, and i'm not raiding the pantry at 9pm. the mason jar egg cups especially are going in my regular rotation.
  9. @Merajkhalid-z3q: This video is exactly what actually works for real life, not just Pinterest-perfect meal prep. The grab-and-go breakfast containers especially, because that's where most women fall apart on a weekday. I've been on compounded sema through Form Blends for about 5 months and honestly the hardest part isn't appetite anymore, it's breaking old habits of just grabbing whatever's fast. Having prepped meals ready is the thing that keeps me consistent between doses.
  10. @claudiamonje7591: Terrible advised all you is talk 😮
  11. @wickedcolor5231: Why do you have giant band aids on your neck!?
  12. @kylieryan3523: Starts 2:10
Where are any sauces
  13. @harismeer-z8v: I tried clean eating but my energy was still low.
Healix AI helped me see what was wrong.
Huge difference for me. 💡
  14. @FaithNjeri-Her: Anyone else feel like their body changed after 35? Healix AI helped me figure out why my old diet stopped ‘working
  15. @sagalundutzon8777: why does he have so many bandaids on his neck?
  16. @robertawestbrooks9531: I love the taco salad with whatever I want to eat 😂😂
  17. @PaulSevine: This was better than Netflix today.
  18. @i.can.sew.anythingchic3295: If you binge eat.. dry fasting until 4pm will help.. anything in my mouth before that time is a trigger.. If I do t start.. I don’t have a problem .
  19. @juliaharrington97: 67 mentioned
  20. @SachetYeare: This was fun to watch.

- What I Eat In A Day | I lost 135 Pounds with these meals!: Kind: captions Language: en today we're filming a what I eat in a day for those of you that don't know I'm Myra from low carb love I've lost over 135 lbs I've maintain my weight for over 15 years so today I'm just going to show you some of the foods that have helped me throughout the years on my weight loss journey and I'm here to show you the variety of foods that you can have on yours one of the things I say the most is focus on protein um I always recommend focusing on protein just because I feel like it's really something that has helped me out throughout the years now when I'm like not really knowing what to eat or I just feel like really like nourishing my body where I feel like I want those vitamins and protein all in like one shot I always make a smoothie So today we're going to make a protein smoothie it's one of my go-tos um I love this protein it's the vanilla it has like hints of caramel super super clean ingredients this is the one from um ritual I'll leave it linked for you um so you know which one I'm using but I love it because it's plant-based dairyfree glutenfree soyf free super super super clean ingredients we're going to start off with our almond milk pour in our almond milk one scoop of protein and this one actually has 20 g of protein per scoop which I love oh my God smells like absolutely delicious and um I love it because it is sweetened with monk fruit so you guys know if I can um have something that's super clean ingredients and doesn't have all the sugar and has all the nutrients like I'm there for it so we have our almond milk our protein powder a little cocoa powder so this is unsweetened cocoa powder and I like to use a Dutch process because it's just like really deep and Rich um but of course you're going to use like whatever you have on hand um now I used to love so I love creamy thick smoothies um I used to add banana but of course like to keep it low carb um to give it that same creaminess I use a avocado I know it sounds weird but trust me you're not going to taste it and it's so rich and creamy so we're going to go ahead and add in our avocado and I love buying Frozen avocado because it doesn't go bad but I have some I had some fresh avocado on hand and we are going to add a little extra sweetener because I definitely do have a sweet tooth and I just like it to taste like dessert you know then we're going to add in our ice and let's go ahead and blend I want you to see the texture of this you guys are going to be blown away okay not me getting smoothie all over my face this morning okay so here goes look at this texture oh my gosh literally reminds me of like a shake and I always like to top it off with a little cinnamon and then my Glass Straw because it makes me feel fancy this this protein tastes just like dessert I'll go ahead and leave it in the description below for you okay and now let's go ahead and move on to our first meal so we're going to move over to our stove now I'm going to add in some avocado oil and I do have the heat at about a medium high heat because we are going to cook our salmon here so while our oil is heating up we're going to go ahead and season this with a little salt and pepper I'm going to do both sides just so that the skin on the bottom is also seasoned because I love a crispy seasoned skin we're just going to do salt on the skin no pepper and we're going to cook this skin side down so we can get a nice crispy [Applause] skin so we can get a nice crispy skin I'm going to go ahead and leave this cooking for about a couple minutes now now because it is a nice thick salmon steak I'm going to cover it so the uh middle can cook evenly you okay o yes get a nice beautiful crust so let's go ahead and flip this over because of course we need both sides to be fully cooked so as you can see this is nice and crispy my favorite literally one of my favorite parts of salmon so now we're going to go ahead and cover it to make sure that it is fully cooked wo salmon is perfectly cooked nice crisp actually on both sides which I really love I'm totally here for it so now I'm going to go ahead and assemble my salad this is one of my go-to salads look at this bowl it's so beautiful right I love big bowls big salads they just like fill my my eyes like um okay so salads are a really really big part of my life um I love salads because they're really filling um I don't do well with like really small portions of food so for me salads are just like there's veggies and kind of like a lot going on Textures and you know the whole N9 so I feel like your diet doesn't have to be boring and with salads you could really really accomplish that because you can get like a whole variety of different colors textures flavors um so anyway just throwing that out there but let's go ahead and get started I'm actually going to make a homemade dressing um it's just really really simple you can use this on different salads whether you're making steak chicken shrimp in this case salmon so let's go ahead and whip this up okay so we're starting off with some red wine vinegar this is a very very simple but super super tasty dressing then we have Deon mustard then we have a little avocado oil and we're going to add in our salt and pepper okay and then let's go ahead and whisk so you obviously want to make sure you taste your dressing just to make sure it's perfect and M oh my God it's delicious that's perfect let's go ahead and set it aside and we are going to be using this big salad bowl cuz it's beautiful and huge and open and we're just going to I'm going to show you how I assembl my salad so we're going to start off with Roma lettuce I Love Roma cuz it's like nice and crunchy like it has that crisp if you don't like Roma you can obviously use your favorite lettuce of choice like arugula or like mixed greens but for me I go with Roma we have our cherry tomatoes then we have our Persian cucumber and now we're going to add in our bacon so I have turkey bacon it's what I have on hand but of course you're going to use your favorite bacon of choice and it's nice and crispy like for this salad you have to make sure that your bacon is crispy that is like 100% a must then we have our feta cheese and you can't have a cob salad without eggs some our eggs I like a medium boiled just just because I cannot stand really dry yolks and to add to our healthy fats because fats do help keep you satiated throughout the day we are going to add in some avocado so this one I'm just going to slice it really quickly and then just toss it in okay now we're going to top off our salad with our protein guys look at that okay I would pay this is like rest restaurant style quality okay we have buttery salmon all the toppings like this is the perfect cob salad I'm telling you obviously I'm not going to eat this whole thing we're going to share it but a cob salad because it has healthy fats it has your protein like in this case salmon is a very fatty fish fats keep you satiated like don't be afraid of fats like I grew up being like super paranoid about fatty foods like I got lowfat everything and anyway bottom line is that I've learned so much throughout the years and fats are not the enemy okay um obviously I focus on protein I love my veggies and then my fat I just use use it as a lever to um keep me satiated so the fats just always remember if you add a little bit of fats to your protein and your meals you're going to be able to go a longer period of time without eating okay so meal one is done our salmon cob salad is ready let's go ahead and do just a little taste test and then we are going to sit down and enjoy because this is just too good not to eat oh my [Music] God Beyond delicious I'm telling you like how could this be healthy it just tastes so good you know okay so I just want to show you how this salmon is perfectly cooked it's like buttery soft guys all the textures in the salad are Perfection crispy crispy bacon you have the Persian cucumber you have the tomatoes the cheese the feta is like a must for me must and then the dressing just brings it all together okay so I'm going to go ahead and have lunch and then I will see you guys back for dinner okay so before dinner I usually like to do a little snack just so I don't get like super super hungry and then like overeat so I'm going to show you some of the things that I like to snack on um if I'm going to do fruit it's usually a bowl strawberries um just a few I don't go really crazy on fruit because even though it's fruit and it is healthy it does have natural sugars um and if I have too many of them then I start craving carbs so I usually just you know kind of do just like a small little bowl and then I also love almonds so these are like marona almonds I'll do like a small little bowl of these love beef jerky so um um this one here is like a Sriracha beef jerky it's actually chicken but um anything like super quick easy that's full of protein again like for me protein really goes a long way um fats as well so fats and proteins will usually carry me on until dinner so that's kind of what I'm going to do now just do kind of like a little snack I'll show you I mean this probably looks funny but it's literally just beef jerky some almonds and my strawberries so one of the mistakes that I feel people make when um they're snacking is they have too much fruit or sugars or carbs um if I have chips I'm going to crave a lot of carbs they're not satiating whatsoever so I'm not going to feel like satisfied you know I'm going to get hungry and I'm going to want more carbs so more junky like snacky cookies um chips crackers like things like that if I have um a lot of sugar so fruits if I have too many of them as well I'm the same thing happens so I try to stick to proteins and fats even with snacking so this is my little snack and it's going to hold me off until dinner we're going to get started on dinner so I usually like to go a little lighter for dinner whether I do Chicken shrimp sometimes even salmon it really just depends on what I'm craving um and once in a while I do crave steak and so I'll have it it's just that steak feels like a lot heavier for me especially like at night so I usually will do steak if I do it I'll do like a small amount or just a little earlier in the day like an earlier dinner so we're going with the curry chicken and I have everything laid out here so we're going to go ahead and prep this now if you if you're like one of those people that just like I'm not going to make it it's just too many steps you can also just do marinade so I pick these up like from Thrive I usually just order them um just different sauces like this so you can literally just throw you know into your cooked chicken super bomb super easy so that's also an option let me know if you want me to share like all the sauces that I buy to make like different meals I just try to buy things that really just make my life easier sometimes like after work the last thing I'm trying to do is like make a whole meal from scratch so those are legit like Lifesavers you know what I mean um okay so for today though we are making it from scratch of course I'm going to link this recipe down below for you so you guys can go make it it's clean ingredients super delicious so here we have our chicken it's already sliced I kind of just um sliced it so that sometimes when the chicken breast is too thick I feel like you know I get I don't know like weirded out by the by the inside not being fully cooked so we cut these in half and now we're just going to season them so we're going to do our salt okay we're going to do salt and pepper just to taste if you want a measurement I would say about 1/4 teaspoon depending on how much chicken you're using I'm using about a pound here so I would say about 1/4 teaspoon would be good so we have our onion powder garlic powder and paprika now we're just going to toss this right in beautiful then we have our minced garlic this is just fresh garlic you can use um more garlic powder but you can never replicate the taste of fresh garlic so if you have it use it so my secret ingredient for this recipe is Greek yogurt and it just helps keep the chicken really really moist okay so we're going to go ahead and pour that in let's go ahead and coat our chicken so I'm just going to go ahead and coat my chicken in all the seasonings and then we'll move over to the stove so you're going to want to leave your chicken cooking just on one side without touching it for about 3 to 4 minutes just so it gets a nice crisp it's going to turn like nice golden brown and I'll show you what that'll look like right now oo and as you can tell the yogurt really lends for a really nice sear on the chicken like look at that color it's gorgeous looks delicious and it smells amazing we're going to add in our onion our red bell peppers give that a good mix they're just going to sauté these for about 2 minutes just until your onions start to get translucent and the peppers just aren't as hard okay so to make my life easier and to save some time I decided just to go with a Jarred coconut curry this is a medium heat but they do have every they have mile they have super hot um I just like the medium cuz it's you know just in between and it's so much easier because at this point all we're going to do is let this come to a boil and throw our chicken in I am going to garnish it with cilantro but I'm going to throw some in just for flavor okay so now we're just going to put our chicken back into our curry sauce I'm actually going to leave it whole just because if I chop it I feel like it's going to kind of get lost in there and I do want to take a beautiful little photo but this at this point it really is just to your liking if you want to dice it chop it slice it but I really think that full chicken breast with some sauce on top over a bed of like collie rice or even a salad would be so delicious okay we're going to add a little bit of avocado oil for our rice okay so we're going to throw in our Collie rice I've already tried taking out most of the moisture so you want to make sure that you drain your coli rice with a kitchen towel just get as much of the moisture out that you can because if not you actually have to cook it out here stove top but as you can see mine right now is already nice and fluffy and that's because I was able to get most of it out and that way you end up with nice fluffy rice instead of mushy so our chicken curry is done our fluffy rice is all set I'm going to go ahead and plate this now if I was being lazy and I didn't make the collie rice I would have totally just done like a made this into a salad so I would have laid out like a bed of lettuce and then put my chicken and then the curry sauce as a dressing guys I've done it bomb but today I went all the way for you and I just kind of want you to see that like this is obviously a chicken curry Bowl but you can make a teriyaki chicken you can make like a steak Bowl you can make it with shrimp like you can play around with so many different recipes and like never ever get bored because I think at the end of the day like what makes a low carb lifestyle sustainable or even like a weight loss Journey sustainable is you being able to actually stick to it you know so if you're eating delicious foods they're nice and satisfying and like just you know overall just meet your needs across the board you're going to stick with it so let's go ahead and plate this we are going to do a little collie rice so for the sauce because I want it to look nice and pretty going to put the sauce under the chicken okay and I'm getting all the veggies and you can add more veggies if you're like a veggie person you can even add like snap peas broccoli I mean really just whatever you want I just did onions and bell pepper to keep it super super simple and you know easy so we have our sauce and now our Grilled Chicken on top guys the smell of this is Phenom I truly cannot wait to dig in because I am a huge fan of Curry every time I go to like to a Thai restaurant if Curry's on the menu I'm ordering it and I mean you can't go wrong with colie rice right this here is it's just super fluffy light it does the job we're just going to get right into it because it is that time and this looks so BMB oh my God that sauce is so good the chicken is perfectly moist the sauce is spicy but not too spicy and you have a fluffy rice to go with it guys I'm telling you sometimes I feel like we put too much like thought into it and it really isn't that difficult you know to make like really delicious food just make your little chicken your protein whatever it is that you want throw in a sauce now I'm all about making homemade sauces and making them from scratch but sometimes during the week like you just need to make it and go you know and this is just perfect little rice you can make like a double triple batch keep that in the fridge so that you have more um throughout the week but something like this it's going to taste amazing your family is going to love it and if you're alone then meal prep it all right guys so I hope you really enjoyed this video these are just some of the things that I really like to eat kind of gave you examples of what you can do so that you just don't get tired of eating the same Foods I'm going to leave all the recipes in the description below if you guys found this video to be helpful make sure you hit that like button and share not only these recipes but the Channel with friends and family that are living a low carb lifestyle or just looking for healthier choices to their favorite foods guys thanks so much for being here I love you and I will see you on my next video mAh

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnneMorrison-s6g: I’m HIGHLY allergic to avocado, any substitute for it?
  2. @nanabananabex: The avocado in the protein drink sounds really good. I add fresh spinach and it's good as well! I love your videos!
  3. @HISIAM888RUHIS888: Love that Green you’re wearing!! My favorite Color!!.. 
   Love the Beautiful Salad!!..🥗
   Will try the Curry Chicken!! I like my Chicken well Done too!🙌🙌🥰👍👍🙏🙏
  4. @starbalt4843: how many servings would that salmon salad be for you? I could eat it all lol
  5. @lindybloom5: Unfortunately, I can’t afford to eat like that
  6. @nancygraham2087: What is cauli rice? Is it cauliflower that you put in the processor? Can you make it yourself and what if you don’t have a processor?
  7. @mariadiaz1066: I love your recipes, but why don’t you just give of the measurements of your ingredients as you’re explaining it in your videos, putting them together? This happens in most of your videos I’m sure we’d all appreciate it. It  makes it easier and faster for your viewers, instead of of having to go back and find the recipe measurements. Maybe it’s something to consider. Thank you.
  8. @katemompreuneur5481: I would love to lose 40kilogramm just started this week my journey
  9. @sarahgirlsoaps: Avocado works great for smoothies. And you’re right, you can’t taste it.
  10. @irenedimeski7863: Yes please share sauces you use 😊
  11. @SachetYeare: Best part of my day.
  12. @thuy-p7v: Amazing production quality.
  13. @marciabrown5418: I've never heard of bottled marinade. I love this. Super convenient. Thanks
  14. @jennifersimas3774: Can pls tell us the measurements of recipes and how many calories per recipe thank u so much love watching u ❤
  15. @pinnacleview2938: So frustrated, trying to find the actual recipe for the dinner as in how many teaspoons etc., help
  16. @beautybeast226: Literally!
  17. @shezajewell2098: Loved your video, none of what you made looked like a strict diet at all, both meals looked very sustainable
  18. @LifeBlissCoaching: Salmon salad - I'd eat the whole thing. Not gonna lie. 😂
  19. @trayfromthebay: what was in the salad dressing?
  20. @antoinettemitchell2888: i am so happy i found your channel

- This Is What a Diabetes-Friendly Diet Looks Like | Diabetes Meal Plan for Beginners | Prep School: Kind: captions Language: en being diagnosed with diabetes can bring on a whole roller coaster of emotions but one thing you don't have to worry about is what to eat we have you covered meal planning and meal prep can go a long way to make healthy eating easier during the busy week and the meal prep muffin tin egg recipe we're going to make today is one of my favorites to make these muffin to omelets are so great because you can make a batch at the beginning of the week grab them from the fridge for breakfast or snacks and they're so delicious so to start we need to whisk some eggs together and we're going to use eight eggs here so eggs as we all know are a great protein Source protein is really important for everyone especially for people with diabetes because protein digests slowly which means our blood sugars will stay more stable after a meal so a single egg delivers six grams of protein per serving and you're wanting to get a few servings of protein on each meal to give you that nice satisfaction that you want at the end of a meal any scrambled egg you need a little milk in here so we're just going to use a quarter teaspoon of salt here so people with diabetes need to be aware of how much salt they're eating in addition to saturated fat those two nutrients are important because they matter to our heart and people with diabetes are at a higher risk for heart related complications and then a quarter teaspoon of pepper and we can start whisking away all right so sometimes we're going to add some nice fresh flavor and we need about quarter of a cup if you don't like chives if you don't have chives you can add some cilantro or scallions or even dried herbs and spices which are nice and convenient Pantry Staples push the chives out of the way here make room for a muffin cup we're going to spray these with a little non-stick cooking spray so they release easily and if you haven't already preheat your oven to 325. okay so here's the trick rather than adding all of your mix-ins into your eggs and then trying to pour it all out evenly a better way of doing this is just to divide your ingredients evenly throughout the muffin cups and this is also a stage where you could do three of one flavor three of another half and half really whatever your heart desires I'm going to start with some broccoli we're just going to evenly distribute this throughout our muffin tin next up ham so ham we know it has some lovely saltiness to it we're just going to use a little bit a little bit goes a long way to add so much flavor this ham also helps to add some protein as well so you're going to get a really nice satisfying breakfast out of this now we move on to our cheese which also adds a little bit of saltiness so we really tested this recipe many times so that we had just the right amount of saltiness without being too much for people with diabetes so this is where the measuring cup comes in handy because you can pour directly out of here so we're just going to evenly distribute this egg mixture throughout don't fill it to the very very top because these eggs really do fluff up and expand once in the oven okay last step here is adding some chives on top for some color and flavor all set to go into the oven 325 degrees Fahrenheit for about 20 to 25 minutes oh here we are 20 minutes in the oven and they are ready we're gonna wait for these egg muffins to cool off a little bit and then you can either pop them in one big meal prep container to go in the fridge or portion them out separately so really all you have to do in the morning is grab your bag and go now this is what a healthy day of eating for a diabetes friendly diet looks like we have our meal prepped muffin tin eggs and a whole day of delicious eats I'm gonna dish out breakfast all it needs to do is be heated up and then enjoyed so for breakfast we have these delicious muffin tin eggs one serving is two muffins and then pairing this with a piece of fruit like a high fiber pear or apple is a great way to add some more sustainability to your meal so this meal plan is set to 1500 calories so for your morning snack you have a nice large handful of almonds almonds are high in heart healthy fat fat is what is satisfying and sustaining so that's going to help carry you through to lunch here we have spinach strawberries or whatever fruit you'd like chicken feta and some walnuts a nice balanced meal paired with a Herby balsamic dressing it's really delicious and all your co-workers will be jealous for your afternoon snack grab something easy like an apple now for dinner we have a delicious stuffed baked potato I love baked potatoes you can add whatever toppings you want here we have some pico de gallo some avocado some fresh cilantro so registered dietitians build all of our meal plans and when we were building this meal plan we made sure that each meal and snack were balanced for carbs if you're a newly diagnosed with diabetes your doctor or dietitian might suggest eating a certain amount of carbs at each meal and snack and we already did that work for you in this meal plan each meal comes in between 45 and 60 grams of carbs per serving and each snack comes in between 15 and 30 grams of carbs per serving but you can adapt that to whatever you need so to reheat your egg muffins pop them in the microwave for about 30 seconds and they'll come out nice and steamy I'm ready to dig in broccoli the cheese the ham it's a delicious combo I love these so much they're so good so simple so easy to make and delicious all they need is 20 minutes in the oven and then you have a whole week's worth of breakfast ready to go thanks so much for watching happy cooking and I'll see you next time on Prep School

  Top Comments:
  1. @eatingwell [28 likes]: Get the recipe and entire meal plan here: https://www.eatingwell.com/article/7886108/diabetes-meal-plan-for-beginners/
  2. @elcairo11 [1 likes]: I’m was just diagnosed as a pre diabetic, love your channel and thank you for the great and healthy meals, you have a new subscriber, from Savannah Georgia, manny 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
  3. @bellabluejungle: Apple is to much sugar for me and so is a baked potato.. Close. So many people still have miss guided info. on  glucose intolerance or insulin resistance. Even  many Doctors are out of the loop.
  4. @NouriaFit: Most foods 🎉are allowed within reasonable portions 😊 for any ailment . 😢 it’s also the burning 🔥 of these extra calories into energy with exercise 🚶‍♀️ which matters equally.  Your list of foods is basic and practical. 🍀
  5. @REK8088: Ok, I mage egg bites all the time.  Mine never look like that.  In the oven they expand like a regular muffin than shrink down when done.  How did yours maintain the exact shape as when poured?
  6. @heathermotta8544: Looks really good! Thanks
  7. @SugarAwareness: wooooooo
  8. @bethlynfaciane2081: Enjoyed the video. I gave up all the “ white Stuff” potatoes would have me soaring with a high BS. So I never eat them, rice or pasta.
  9. @sameerroshan9542: Can you show vegetarian recipes?
  10. @patriciamartinez5508: I'm a type 2 diabetic I'm so glad that I came across your video! Looks Yummy 😋 I'm getting hungry or hangry
  11. @2Aboots: A baked potato for dinner…WTF! 🤦‍♀️ Remember, most of these dietitians simply opt to modify the SAD, hence such ignorance to include a baked potato…particularly in the evening. Just imagine your am glucose #’s! 🤡
  12. @cathygeorge212: Can’t stand eggs!
  13. @AcornHillHomestead: Good job.  I am wanting to prep some meals for a diabetic elderly neighbor who just came back from a hospital stay. The eggs are awesome. The potato for the next meal is a bit concerning to me. I would skip that. I am on a keto diet and the carbs in these meals are MUCH more than I can have but I normally have these ingredients on hand. The fruit seems also a bit much. I think the berries are good though.
  14. @yoshimi0503: So you are switching high cholesterol and heart disease for diabetes? This is ridiculous.
  15. @thefozzybear: I use no sugar almond milk instead.
  16. @waltercodbollocks3175: Your vocal fry makes this unwatchable. It sounds like you're constipated.
  17. @elizabethsmiley3860: Potato should not be on your list, ma’am
  18. @marlinegabriel7551: NO white potato for anyone much less a diabetic!!!!
  19. @Eatinghealthy101: Thanks
  20. @jpennturner: Potato .spikes myj sugar ,really high.

- Starting Low Carb? Eat This Today | Full Day of Eating: Kind: captions Language: en-US To follow a low carb diet, you must reduce the number of carbohydrate grams you eat in a day. That is an obvious statement, but what does that look like, and what can you eat? In this video, I share a full day of eating a low carb diet for those who are just getting started. [Intro Music] There are many things that cause confusion when you start a low carb diet. One of the main issues is how many grams of carbs to eat? There is low carb dieting, and there is keto dieting. The difference is the level of carbohydrates. While the cut-off points are not fully agreed upon, you can think of a low carb diet as a day of eating that does not contain more than 125 total grams of carbohydrates. To be in the keto range, you need to drop your carb grams to no more than 50 total carbs for the day. For this video, I am going to show you a daily diet that splits those values. These foods in front of me add up to 75 total grams of carbohydrates. One way to start your low carb day of eating is with a smoothie that contains low-sugar fruits with a good fiber-to-carb ratio. Avocado and strawberries fit those criteria. For instance, to make this smoothie, I placed half of an avocado and a half cup of frozen strawberries into a blender along with a cup of almond milk, a handful of spinach, and a tablespoon of almond butter. And, I will share the ingredients for each of these foods in the video. You can also get the recipes on my blog post that goes with this video. I will share a link to my blog below the video in the description area. This smoothie contains 23 grams of carbs, but almost 10 of those carbs are from fiber. That is a good fiber to carb ratio. That fiber is going to slow the absorption of the smoothie, keeping hunger away longer. The slow absorption will also prevent the blood sugar and insulin spike you get when you eat something refined for breakfast, like a muffin. When insulin is high, it prevents the release of fat from the fat cells. So, right from the start of the day, you have a convenient food that tastes good and keeps your blood sugar steady. As you are stepping into your low carb lifestyle, there is no better meal to include than a salad, and there are a couple of great reasons for that. For one, salad greens are low in carbs but provide a lot of hunger-satisfying volume. For instance, this salad has about four cups of greens but only six carbs, four of which are fiber. Also, a salad provides you with the perfect vehicle to bring healthy fats into your daily diet. One of the biggest mental hurdles you will face when you shift to low carb eating is allowing yourself to increase the amount of fat you eat. We were told for a year that eating fat makes you fat, and it is hard to get away from that mindset. However, adding healthy, high-quality fats to your diet helps your body transition away from a primarily carb-burning metabolism to a fat-burning metabolism. This salad is topped with many healthy fats including, the other half of the avocado from breakfast, a hard-boiled egg, feta cheese crumbles, walnuts, and a full-fat salad dressing made with avocado oil. That adds up to 36 grams of fat. The salad also contains a few slices of apple that provide a crunch and a bit of sweetness. The apple and greens contribute most of the 22 grams of carbohydrates and 9 of fiber in this lunchtime salad. For dinner, stir fry is a quick and easy choice for beginners, especially if you utilize frozen stir fry vegetables and a pre-cooked rotisserie chicken from the grocery store. To make this, I simply cooked a bag of frozen vegetables in a tablespoon of avocado oil, added the pre-cooked chicken and a quick homemade sauce. One thing that may surprise you when you start a low carb diet is that many sauces and condiments contain sugar and high-fructose corn syrup. Those simple carbs can sabotage your weight loss. Fortunately, you can often whip up a homemade, low-carb version. For instance, this stir fry sauce contains a quarter cup of chicken broth, 2 tablespoons of soy sauce, and 1 tablespoon of red wine vinegar. As you transition to a low carb lifestyle, yogurt is something that can be enjoyed as a dessert or snack. However, you need to choose yogurt carefully. The vast majority of single-serve yogurts in the dairy aisle of your grocery store are low in fat. When they removed the fat, they removed the flavor, which they replace with sugar or sweeteners. To support your low carb lifestyle, you will want to choose plain, full-fat yogurt and then add your own ingredients at home. Higher milk fat yogurt may only be available in larger containers, but they keep well in your refrigerator, even after opening. This yogurt dessert contains a quarter cup of frozen blueberries that I microwaved for 30 to 45 second and then pressed to extract the juices. I then added a half cup of yogurt, a half teaspoon of vanilla, and a pinch of pure Stevia. Now, This video is being made for YouTube, which is a broad audience. The meals in front of me add up to just over 1,200 calories, which will be low for some, but this works well for demonstration purposes because it is easier to add low-carb/high-fat items rather than subtract them. When we breakdown the macros for this day of eating, we see that it contains 75 total grams of carbohydrates, making up 25 percent of the daily calories with another 25 percent coming from protein and just over 50 percent of the day's calories coming from healthy fats. Many of you will find this macronutrient breakdown to be a comfortable starting place if you are coming from a high-carb lifestyle. It allows you to step into a low carb diet rather than dive into a very low carb/keto When you start this way, you may still experience some fatigue as your body adapts, but lessen many of the "keto-flu" symptoms that result from a more dramatic change. Now, I would like to draw your attention to a couple of things about this low carb menu in front of me. First of all, there are three small servings of fruit: blueberries, strawberries, and slices of apple. When you are just getting started on your low carb lifestyle, you may find that your body tolerates some fruit. However, everyone's tolerance for fruit is different, so you be happiest with your long-term results if you limit your fruit intake. I have many videos that discuss fruit on my channel if you would like to explore that topic further. You will also notice that there is no bread item like toast or a bagel. A slice of whole-wheat toast contains about 16 grams of carbohydrates. If you are looking to bring your carb intake below the upper threshold of 125 grams, you could technically include a piece of toast in your diet. However, bread is refined, so it will get absorbed into your bloodstream quickly, causing the blood sugar and insulin spikes that encourage fat storage. There ARE breads that are advertised as low-carb or no-carb. This is accomplished by manipulating the ingredients to reduced the net carb count. On paper, that seems ideal. However, these processed foods tend to be absorbed into the body quickly, and depending on what has been added, may cause an increase in blood sugar and insulin. When processed foods are utilized, counting net carbs rather than total carbs can easily become a trap that derail your weight loss. That is why I am sharing the total carb content for this low carb menu. You will also notice that this menu is made up of whole foods. There are some whole foods that are higher in carbs that can be worked into a beginner's low carb diet due to their high content of fiber and micronutrients. For instance, this salad does not contain beans. However, if you are just moving your diet into the low-carb range, you can make them work. Beans are whole, nutrient-dense foods, but they also contain a fair amount of carbohydrates. To give you an idea, a half cup of black beans contains about 22 grams of carbs and nine grams of fiber. If you account for those carbohydrates and you enjoy beans, you can work them into your overall daily diet. I hope you see from this video that a low-carb diet made up of whole foods is enjoyable and effective for weight loss. I provided a few examples here, but there are many more healthy low-carb foods to keep you feeling satisfied. I have a list of 100 low carb foods displayed on a single pdf that you can download and print for free from my website. I will provide links to the food list here on the video and below in the description area. Please subscribe to my channel and hit the bell icon to get notified when my new videos are released. Thanks for watching and enjoy the rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [31 likes]: Get Dr. Becky's List of 100 Low Carb Foods: https://drbeckyfitness.com/low-carb-food-list/
  2. @kaydub1981: I always feel hungry with veggies though .. I'm VERY much fat adapted and hate the idea of going back to veg and chicken only if it turns out my body hates the fats i have been taking in.
  3. @JerryMort-s9j1b: I am enjoying your videos - thank you! I am currently finishing day 3 of the 3 day quick start. (My highest carb day was 27g).  This is the first time I am not feeling overwhelmed and/or out of control. Looking forward, this video was very helpful in giving me a number of carbs to work with. I am wondering about sourdough bread, especially homemade sourdough. I am wanting to add 1 piece a day, simply because baking sourdough is my passion. I'm wondering if there is a better time to have a piece, breakfast, lunch, dinner? Am I totally off base wanting to do this?
  4. @jameelabellingport6369: Thank you
  5. @lisac9342: Dr. Becky- I'm 63, lost 35lbs. on low carb last year, I have 70 more to go but hit a block after a loss.  Went into a bit of a slump for a bit....... but your videos have really helped to rejuvenate me and also show meals I can make that are easy, enjoyable, and helpful ideas to get me back on track.  So hard to do at my age but I'm determined and I can't thank you enjoy for the inspiration and great video!! Thank you!
  6. @gloriaceresoli6409: What bread do you suggest???
  7. @GiTRR: Having the smoothie now for breakfast - 2025 Thank you Dr Becky
  8. @pattiisok2312: You know that putting fiber in a smoothie makes it non-fibrous! It becomes ineffective.
  9. @pattiisok2312: You know that putting fiber in a smoothie makes it non-fibrous! It becomes ineffective.
  10. @peaceful3250: We constantly hear that low fat yoghurt is tasteless and that's why sugar is added. I've been making yoghurt for years. I used to make skim milk yoghurt and changed to full fat when I started keto. The flavour was exactly the same. No difference at all. I never used anything but milk and yoghurt from a previous batch as a culture starter.
  11. @SuperNovember28: thank you I am loosing weight because of high blood pressure..I want to get off the meds and need to loose 25pounds
  12. @abedanafisa1646: Hey doc, good advisor and nicely stated
  13. @Ac35010: I’m allergic to nuts and avocado. Is there another smoothie recipe I can use?
  14. @EdwardinCanada: Very informative. Thanks for the video.
  15. @TammyLonger: Hi Becky but doesn’t full fat yogurt mean sugar? I eat Chobani zero sugar is this ok?
  16. @melaniemccallum5418: I have lost 22 kg following this diet. It works!  Simple as that!! 🎉
  17. @devyanisingh6507: Can we eat soybean bread Roti..?
  18. @trekuhl3966: I have found that eating whole fat dairy comes with saturated fat as well, which has increased my triglycerides.  How do I keep my triglycerides in check while continuing to consume whole milk dairy?
  19. @kashemnagor2992: So much  Love ❤ doctor.
  20. @Jody-kw6jf: Can you help me lose weight

- 7 Day Beginner Diabetic Meal Plan! You Won’t Regret!: Kind: captions Language: en the ultimate 7day meal plan for lowering your blood sugar well you always ask me what am I going to eat what should I eat right well I'm Dr ahmedan I'm an endocrinologist a diabetes specialist and today I'm going to be your Chef are you tired of constantly having to monitor blow sugar levels and not knowing what's going to happen with what you eat or just feeling Limited your food choices well look no further because I'm going to give you this meal plan and it's going to help you so say goodbye to those Bland restrictive diets and hello to delicious and nutritious meals that will not only lower your blood sugar but also satisfy your taste buds now before we dive into the meal plan let's take a moment to understand why it is important to keep blush sugar levels in check well as you know high blood sugar levels by mean I that over 180 milligram per deciliter in milligram per Des liter not millo right so I guess you can make the conversion if you're a European Watcher but if you go over that it creates a lot of health problems the high blood sugar starts hitting your arteries cause heart disease nerve damage and you name it and kidney damage too and the eyes of course by monitoring and maintaining healthy levels though we can reduce all of these complications and improve our health now let's get into the diet this meal plan for you I have carefully crafted I have discussed a few nutritions about this and you wanted to come up with some balanced meals that are low in sugar high in fiber and packed with essential vitamins and minerals so each day's menu includes three main meals right breakfast lunch dinner now if you want to skip meals as long as you're not going to overeat the next meal that's okay if you're in Teran fasting that's okay you don't have to eat three times a day but for those who does these are the options number one the day one breakfast we're going to start with avocado toast on low carb bread like any alternative of your choice with some scrambled eggs and a side of berries now for lunch you will have grilled chicken salad with mixed greens put some cherry tomatoes cucumber and balsamic dressing and VOA delicious Italian style now what are you going to do with dinner well if you're still hungry you can bake some salmon with some quinoa and some roasted vegetables such as broccoli bell peppers and carrots if you're want to snacking like if you're still hungry like after dinner a couple hours later or before dinner it's okay to have some apple slices with with almond butter and a handful of unsalted almonds perfect now day two another day right we're going to do breakfast again so you're going to do think about the breakfast tomorrow we going to overnight some chia seeds in some almond milk and you can add some cream if you want to make it even creamier and of course you have to have this fresh fruit such as blueberries and strawberries on top and maybe walnuts if you want to add walnuts too now for lunch we're going to go for turkey and hummus well it's going to be a wrap with low carb tortilla okay most most low carb tortillas have like less than 5 gram you can use lettuce tomato and cucumber as well now for dinner we're going to do stir Fred tofu with vegetables such as bell peppers mushrooms and onions you can serve it over shataki rice for example uh or cauliflower rice if you're able to if you're able to tolerate I say go for the brown rice if you really want to do that now for the snacks you can always do some carrots and cucumbers uh those slices with some hummus STP that you had earlier well day three we're going to go for this time for the breakfast Greek yogurt parfait with some fresh berries almonds and a drizzle of honey if you really need that sweetness but a drizzle not a whole bunch now for lunch we're going to have some quinoa vegetable soup you can add some beans for extra prot if you want to and for dinner you're going to have this nice grilled lean steak hopefully from a grass-fed animal with roasted sweet potatoes and steamed broccoli snacks of course right for those snackers it's okay to have hardboiled egg and a small piece of fruit especially if you're working out a lot and you're getting hungry a lot that's a good snack protein packed day four well another breakfast this time we're going to make it a little different we're going to have a veggie omelette right you can use a non-starchy vegetables like spinach mushrooms onions and and if you want to have a little bit of a whole grain toast that's okay for lunch we going to have some baked chicken with zucchini noodles and some marinara sauce and for dinner you're going to have some shrimp and vegetabl stir fry with some brown rice or shataki rice or cauliflower rice so next cery sticks with with peanut butter and a small handful of walnuts will be perfect day number five breakfast again well you can have a whole grain toast or any other bread that is low in carb that you can toast you can top it with some meshed avocado again sliced tomatoes and some poached EG perfect lunch you're going to have some lentil soup we talked about this lentil soup a lot right in other videos so lentil soup served with a side of mixed greens and a lemon vinegarette dressing awesome delicious for dinner you're going to have some grilled fish with steamed vegetables such as asparagus zucchini or yellow squash and kunoa of course kinoa is my favorite so next berries with cuted cheese right cuted cheese is always good with anything and you can sprinkle a dash of cinnamon on that as well day number six well if you want to your smoy at least once a week that's your day because we're going to have smoody made with almond milk if you hate the almond milk it's okay choose another milk but almond milk is typically the best for diabetics you can add some spinach um green you can do bananas a little bit especially The Greener ones and a scoop of protein powder you're good to go if you want to put them one or two splendas that's fine for lunch we're going to do turkey and cheese roll rollups with lettuce tomato tomato avocado and cucumber served with a side of fruit salad for dinner we're going to have some baked chicken breast with roasted brussel sprouts and some rice of your choice not the white rice of course the ones that we already said to you like shaki or uh cauliflower SN again sliced apple with some cheddar cheese slices will be perfect now last day the breakfast fluffy almond flour pancakes why do I say almond flour pancakes because it's totally different game it's not the same pancake the carb amount in there is so low and you can do a a little bit of a Greek yogurt and a handful of crush berries and if you're a little bit adventurous sprinkle on some chia seeds for an extra Health kick for lunch you're ready for some tuna salad made with some Greek yogurt instead of mayo right served on low carb crackers with carrot sticks on the side for dinner again that's our second salmon of the week with parsnip mash for example or Mash parsnip steamed green beans right snacks air popped popcorn that's your weekend right sprinkled with some nutritional use for added flavor if you want to here are some extra tips for Optimum glucose control though so that's your diet plan for the week right while the meal plan is a stal or start we have got a secret weapon to boost your blood sugar to the next level you should incorporate sugar MD's gluc defense the super berberine alpha leoric acid benit teamine into your daily routine well these are by no means are magical potions but they certainly Packa punch when it comes to glucose management remember good health is a marathon not a Sprint and every little step counts so don't forget to take your supplements along with these scrumptuous meals for the ultimate power combo in blood sugar control there you have it that's your 7 Days of delicious and healthy meals to help you lower your blood sugar levels but don't stop here feel free to mix and match meals from different days or come up with your own uh variations it's all up to you remember healthy eating doesn't have to be boring or restrictive but a bit of creativity and some tasty ingredients you can enjoy a variety of meals while keeping your blood sugar in check thanks for watching Bona petitte remember to visit sugar mds.com remember to give a thumbs up and share this video I'll talk to you later hey guys I hope you're enjoying this channel so far and I hope you subscribed already uh if you didn't do it and if you did watch this video right there I think that will help you too

  Top Comments:
  1. @SugarMDs [43 likes]: SugarMD Advanced Glucose Support is back—better than ever! https://sugarmds.com/product/sugarmd-advanced-glucose-support-new-improved-formula

Get your FREE Copy Of Doctor’s Guide To Diabetic Diet at Sugarmds.com
  2. @mishka5706 [3 likes]: Got it doc! Low carb no sugar.
  3. @wellthieliving [1 likes]: This is a great video. Wish I found it earlier
  4. @salvadorsantiago3753: why potato.i thought root crops is not good for diabetes
  5. @noradsouza3673: I have no taste for meats and fish, poor appetite, I have given up.
  6. @HarpreetKaur-fy8js: I noticed reduced heaviness and better digestion after adding Planet Ayurveda Diaplan Tea to my routine
  7. @Jack-Surreal_Panes: So more berries, more beans..So fish is a +, eggs. Basically more protein based, more leafy veggies, berryise with walnuts..Yogurt, low or no fat yogurt..Oatmeal?? Wife is not diagnosed as 1 or 2 but the signs are there, mirrored via. blood tests 💯.. Best meats please. I hated fish but been baking and making fish that I want to do again from Swai, Talipia, Salmon, Pollack, etc...Trtimg to do my Schnitzel Baked vs fried
 She loves Spring mix and Raspberry dressing but is Feta ok or do I sub with cottage cheese???
  8. @aminvasha6480: Can you make more videos like this?
  9. @ColtonClark-k7o: Isn’t fruits high in sugar?
  10. @melbeasley9762: Sorry but Yuk. Bacon and egg for breakfast most days.
  11. @brandonl2555: That’s amazing…an now my monthly food budget is down to $8.57…guess it’s ramen for the rest of the month
  12. @NouriaFit: How simple . No wonder Hippocrates said ... Let Food be thy Medicine else Medicine will become thy Food . Thanx for this reminder. Why will any one complain with such a  varied colourful list.
  13. @MM-zu9yz: I’m eating all that and my glucose sometimes is on 250 after eating 😢
  14. @molliewiggins6412: Never ate tofu. What replaces. It
  15. @molliewiggins6412: My husband n I  can't stand d salmon. Sardines ir mackerel. Can vod replace?
  16. @D-Debbarma: Poor people can't have this foods..
  17. @razzycampbell7648: I’m 37 and recently became diabetic last year of 2025. It runs  on both sides of my parents family members. I thank you for giving me some good healthy meals that will keep my blood sugar low. I drink lots of water and exercise, that’s what basically keeps my blood sugar low. But meal wise is hard because sometimes my parents will come home late and bring me back meals that’s not healthy for me. So I’ll try reasoning with them of what I can have and what I can’t have. Thankyou so very much for your wonderful advice I highly appreciate it.❤️🙏🏾😊
  18. @littlep.6957: Smoodie and 😂😂 fllofffy pancakes sound good to me.
  19. @themcnabinator: like this, thx. this would be suitable for type 2 diabetic? hope so, looks good eating
  20. @alfiefain: Well i tried the overnight chia without specific instructions.  i got so constipated that i needed to go to the hospital.  if you’re going to advise tell us the exact amount of chia to put in the greek yogurt.

- 21 Day Clean Eating Meal Plan 1500 Calorie RD Approved: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone are you looking to clean up your diet well look no further i'm emmy satrazimus registered dietitian and nutrition director at trifecta and i've created this full 21 day clean eating meal plan complete with all the shopping lists and recipes and everything that you need to totally crush this diet one thing you need to know before getting started is that eating clean is not just about cutting out processed foods you can eat all the whole foods that you want but you're never going to get results on a clean eating diet unless you figure out your nutritional balance and that means understanding exactly how many calories you need to eat every day and then how many macros you need to support your nutritional goals and then portioning your food to match those needs so this cleaning meal plan is about 1500 calories a day and 120 grams of protein but it can easily be adjusted to fit your unique nutrition goals with just a little bit of multiplication so check out the full article for some tips on how to do that and make this fit your macros and calorie needs exactly let's walk you through the recipes this is week one we have here so all of this food is everything that you're gonna prep out for week one you'll notice it's a lot of the same dishes that's because we used meal prep which means we use very simple ingredients that we could get a lot of mileage out of so quinoa is in a lot of the recipes you'll see almond in a lot of the recipes peppers we tried to mix and match a variety of different ingredients so that you didn't spend hours in the kitchen trying to create all of these different recipes throughout the week and spending a ton of money in the store doing it as well so for breakfast we have an egg white frittata and some protein waffles and one thing you should also know about our clean eating meal plan is we use dairy so we do actually have cottage cheese in this waffle to provide the protein you can add a protein powder we didn't use any protein supplements at all in the meal plan we just use dairy instead so if you're going dairy free you can easily substitute a non-dairy alternative but know if you're swapping it out for something like a yogurt or cottage cheese and a snack you might be sacrificing some of the protein and you might want to consider using a plant-based protein powder if that's the case so you'll notice we have our cottage cheese that was leftover is actually our remaining breakfast for the week is some cottage cheese and fruit again so that you don't have to spend forever cooking and trying to reinvent new recipes that fit your macros then as we move on to lunch we have a flat iron steak and pepper kebab and a quinoa salad and then the other lunch option is a fall pomegranate chicken salad that also has some quinoa in it and both of these are high protein and perfectly macro balanced and work great for meal prep so you can just cook them in advance portion them take them ready to go this one you don't even have to reheat this one you probably want to heat a few minutes in the microwave or in the oven whatever you have at your disposal then for dinner we have a mediterranean beef bowl and a shrimp ceviche and this is actually a no cook recipe so other than the shrimp it's just fresh vegetables and a light vinaigrette and some quinoa and you don't have to reheat this when you eat it this one you will have to reheat but again great meal prep options that you can make a ton of time in advance and portion them out and then still taste really good when you're ready to sit down and enjoy them and then we also included snacks in the meal plan as well so we kept it super simple every day you get a whole fruit and you can swap that in for like a cup of berries or any other type of fruit that you like it's really just one portion of fruit you don't have to do apples and bananas and those just happen to be two of my favorites and then you either get the option of hard-boiled eggs which are actually leftover eggs from the frittata that we made for breakfast so again we're getting more mileage out of our ingredients and then you got some almonds here which are just a great grab-and-go healthy snack lots of protein and healthy fats to get you through the day and you'll notice that all of these options combined actually equal to only about 1300 calories which means you have 200 calories of wiggle room and with those 200 calories you can add an additional healthy snack maybe something like a protein bar or a protein shake or you can do another cottage cheese and fruit whatever floats your boat or you can use them as discretionary calories meaning if you want to maybe have a sugar sweetened beverage or maybe something a little bit off your cleaned eating meal plan you can cheat a little bit and still hit your calorie goals with those 200 calories you'll notice there's some wiggle room in other weeks throughout the 21 day and that's so that you do have that option if you have a craving or hankering for something there are a little bit of discretionary calories built in for you to do so some other things to keep in mind while you're prepping out your food is to figure out what you can batch cook so i actually cooked all the proteins together i cooked all of the quinoa together you can swap in other grains if you want if you want to do brown rice you can do that it just might add a little bit of cost and cooking time in the process if you want to get more variety into this and all of this combined at the grocery store is going to get you somewhere around 250 to 300 depending on if you're choosing organic or if you are shopping sales depending on where you are located prices may vary uh and then in addition to that the cooking time is going to be somewhere around two hours to three hours depending on how much of it you batch cook or how much of it you buy prepared in advance there you have it uh you're all set to start your clean eating diet don't forget to check out the full article below for more tips and tricks and the full 21 day clean eating meal plan [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @tamiramos5873 [32 likes]: I need to basically know what I can and can't eat...without following a recipe. I also don't do well with meal preps. I have to cook a meal and left overs can be eaten the next day. However, the way you've displayed everything looks bountiful!
  2. @vickmcfadden833 [24 likes]: I can’t do cottage cheese all these diets has cottage cheese only way it would help me lose weight is to eat it and immediately barf
  3. @kylac8995 [7 likes]: Where are the recipes for this?
  4. @uniquerod52 [2 likes]: Eating healthy doesn’t mean become animal and eat salad every meal, bro, just look at what she have on the counter, ALL GREEN, 😂not a cow.
  5. @borderhoppin66 [2 likes]: tysm for the great inspo!
  6. @6kidsand8cupsofcoffee [2 likes]: was that two meals and a snack?
  7. @francismcdonnell753 [2 likes]: That’s is just far to complicate.
  8. @amandagoosman [1 likes]: Thank you! This is exactly what I need.
  9. @sylviawilliams4712 [1 likes]: Is this plan good for diabetes
  10. @spicesofasia [1 likes]: Ok i was doing calorie deficit but for the past 8 months now i have been at 204 then 207 then back at 204... this yoyo is exhausting. I want to get down to 180lbs, lose visceral fast frol 16 to 14 atleast and reduce subcantous fat as well. But i feel i get more hungry now. What should i do to overcome those hunger pangs/stress pangs that make me reach out to food. How do i train my brain...
  11. @gabbythewalnut [1 likes]: I thought the point of meal prep was not to have to cook it on the day you need it. That salad will maybe last half a day in the fridge before wiltering. I am so confused. Also, this is all you would eat for a month?! How can you have so few variety?
  12. @WithLoveDDL [1 likes]: it's 2024, no one should be eating dairy. COME ON!!!!
  13. @sierrameschi22 [1 likes]: Where are the recipes for these?
  14. @svds92 [1 likes]: I can not eat more then 1100 kcal I don't know how to get there
  15. @chrystalmcatee6224: How in the world do you figure out how to know how much you need to eat and what your macro count is?
  16. @cherylperkins7538: Why isn't there ever a plan for people like me that need to gain weight?
  17. @WithLoveDDL: NEVER EAT ROASTED NUTS WTF!!!!!!! only raw and soaked nuts. and even then try to buy nuts in their shell and crack them yourself so the oil is not rancid.
  18. @Operator--du4ek: For all you woman out there who complain you just can’t lose weight. It’s simple eat minimum 93% lean ground beef rice and eggs boom you lose weight fast no need for veggies or fruit trust me I’m a male body builder there’s nothing more solid than that
  19. @ThatOneMom_Nadia: EASY Chicken Crockpot Meal Prep for Postpartum Weight-loss - CHECK THIS OUT 🤩🙌🏻⬇️:
https://youtu.be/hcWSQgrEgFU
  20. @ianoloughnan9345: Great.  What’s the cost? Lol

- 6 a.m. (weekday) morning routine | tips to get up early, morning workout, healthy breakfast & more!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] please hi friends it's Annika welcome back to my channel and welcome to today's video today's video is going to be my 6 a.m super ultra productive morning routine that I filmed this last week and then lost all the footage so here we are a week later I'm re-filming it I am going to show you guys in detail how my morning is kind of structured when I do wake up at 6am but I don't get up that early every single day I only do it about three to four times a week and if I just know that I need a head start on my day then this is basically the routine that I do it's very to the point it's very structured for me so I'm going to show you everything that works for me how I kick start my morning how I stay motivated throughout my morning and organized it is actually the night before um right now it is currently 9 30 and I'm just gonna set my alarms for the morning yes I am one of those girls that has to set like 10 alarms for me to wake up I'll probably be up for like another hour hour and a half and that gives me like enough sleep to get up at six I do start with a morning workout so that will be the first thing we do tomorrow I will see you all in the morning I'm using this super cute little tulip mug if you didn't hear about the tragedy the strawberry mug that I always use broke I'm patiently waiting for their restock on it until then at least I have this one it has baby tulips on it and it's so cute it's 6 20 right now case anyone's wondering why I'm covering my screen it's because Rena is my wallpaper but it's like a selfie I'm pretty sure he's gonna be embarrassed if I show it to like the whole internet usually what I'll do make my lemon water come in here and just like try and Power on my brain basically give myself like five minutes and something that helps me a lot because I'm not a morning person I've started to get smarter about it and I will lay out things from the night before like I laid out my supplements last night that I'm gonna drink this morning and I lay out my clothing like pre-picked for workout I just come in here it's already just sitting waiting for me if I can like lessen the amount of decisions I have to make in the morning it's super helpful for me I drink some lemon water some warm lemon water some regular water throughout my morning when I'm getting ready now let's get dressed the only skincare I do in the mornings is some sunscreen and then when I get home after I will do like my whole routine this is today's outfit I have on a matching honor active I think this is like the taupe sports bra and shorts they say making your bed is the first victory of your day so we need to make this bed so you guys saw last night I laid out my supplements for myself which is so helpful it's 6 35 I feel pretty good it's just that like I take a while to wake up in the morning so now I'm gonna make my pre-workout and it is so early to drink pre-workout honestly but that's why like as soon as I wake up I start chugging water because this is not the first thing I want to drink and I use this pre it's from VPN just use like three-fourths of the scoop I used to have so much trouble wrapping my head around the thought of like doing or weights workout like this early in the morning I just thought it was like too hard and like I've tried the super relaxing things like meditating or journaling or reading like right when I wake up I just don't feel like I'm that kind of person like I really need like a super crazy Kickstart to my morning to get me up because I will just go back to sleep I just think that like working out personally is the best way to get me like up and going otherwise I'm just like dragging my feet throughout the day just making my BCAAs and so I feel like you just need to like do a lot of trial and error if you're having trouble like getting up so early it's everyone's body and mind are different and it took me so many different morning routines honestly to find one that worked and that's why I wanted to make this video because it has updated so much since I made my last morning routine okay now is the part of my morning where I feel like I get to enjoy my like 10 minutes of Peace before I have to leave it's 6 50 and I know that like by seven I want to be heading out the door so I just sit here and drink my pre-workout and I'm super strict with myself recently about not getting on social media at least the first half hour ideally the first hour of my day like it's just so much better for me to not wake up scrolling so while I'm here I'll just like check my workout for the day so I know what I need to pack in my gym bag it's not my favorite day of the week because leg day is the worst day I did this workout last week and it burned my quads so I will have this in the description if you want to try it my gym bag and see what I need but today's workout was pretty simple so I think all I'm gonna take is my resistance thank you all done okay I just took like the fastest five minute shower this is where the morning routine gets a little bit crazy I kind of just rushed like as fast as I can to go sit down and trade I would like to sit down earlier but I feel like I'm honestly still working my way up to that I would have to get up at like 5 30 to be able to make it back all right okay if I want to feel put together this is like the basic outline of the outfit I'll put on I will do jeans with some sort of button up I think today I'm gonna go classic and just go this blue button up because it's similar to what I wore the first time I filmed this and this is just like such a go-to for me like if I really am rushing and I want to feel put together a button up jeans and either like some ballet flats or sneakers is what I'll go for perfect okay guys ignore the hair and face I just like to get like dressed outfit wise first but I'm drinking a little protein shake just as like my refuel um and then I'm gonna make breakfast in a little bit I wanted to show you like my setup here I always have Warrior trading and like the entire platform running on here usually I have charts pulled up but I need to renew the subscription for them so right now I just have the scanners the chat room the news room and then over here is where the actual trading platform is um and usually when there's something on the scanners that everyone's talking about I will click on it and then the stock quote will come down here and I'll look I'll check out the news headlines see why it's trending so that way I can see if I want to trade it or not and this is the perfect time for me to introduce you guys to today's sponsor which is short form if you've never heard of it short form is a premium book guide service and platform that basically provides thousands of non-fiction book Summers memories today I'm going to tell you about their new AI extension which I have been loving their new extension is meant to generate high quality summaries of any web page article email or YouTube video that you pull up and you just click the extension and it'll summarize it in bullet points for you so it's 10 times easier to read and understand I love it because it makes things really digestible for me because they really simplify it and summarize it so if you are a paid premium customer with short form then you have complete access to the extension so there's no extra fees included and I've been loving it when I am trading like I just told you guys if a stock is popping up on the scanners I will click on it and it'll take me some news articles about it so that way I can see what is going on and usually the articles are very dense and long so I will just click on the short form extension and the AI will work its magic and it loads all of it into a super organized summary for me and I just read a few of the bullet points but it gets the perfect call outs from each article that I need and then I'm able to see if I'm want to trade it or not so if you would like to try out this AI extension or you want to read some non-fiction book guides then you can use the code Annika for a free trial and 20 off discount for your short form membership I highly recommend it I love this app I love this platform I will have all of that stuff linked down below and the code for you to use and thank you to short form for sponsoring this video it's like 10 30 right now let's do some makeup Beauty blender skin tint this is the same makeup routine that I do in every video I showed it more in depth than my last one I hope you guys are enjoying this routine this is kind of just like the order of my mornings and I feel like for like the last six weeks this has really been working for me kind of gotten into this groove of waking up at like six which is pretty like early for me I feel like I've been doing it for like most of Summer and yeah it's really been working and I like it a lot my current makeup routine is basically just all cream or liquid products and just a bit of setting powder I've also liked to bring the blush like up my temples I feel like it keeps the color going like throughout my entire face oh my gosh guys I started using retinol and my skin is purging and I'm I'm honestly scared like someone tell me this stopped I was using a dappling which always makes my skin freak the out this Huda Beauty setting powder it does absolute wonders for blurring my skin like I'm obsessed with it this lip liner from L'Oreal it's like this pinky nude color I think it's called oh natural it's like six dollars and it's beautiful like it's literally taken the place of like my Sephora lip liners okay it's time to make some breakfast and I'm going to obviously use my Caraway pans when I first filmed this video I made potato and egg tacos but that obviously got deleted and today I'm gonna make something kind of similar but also different um also I feel like potato and egg is so self-explanatory you know I'm gonna make my famous breakfast sandwich and I did name it that myself but I used to make it all the time during the pandemic and I haven't made it in so long craving it so I'm just gonna show you what I put in it I chopped up some yellow potatoes and I'm just gonna cook it over high heat until they're like soft and then I'm gonna scramble some eggs and then we will assemble the sandwich and I'm gonna show you what I put on it foreign okay so the way I assemble this guys is I do a slice of cheese all I have right now is pepper jack and then I'll put some of the potato and eggs scramble on top I do egg whites because I hate egg and all I can manage to eat is egg whites do you know how hard it is to try and eat breakfast when you hate egg okay and then on this bread I'll do some of this avocado that I mashed up and I'll just spread it on you could eat this separate too honestly I don't have very much but some crushed red pepper on the avocado just a little bit to finish it I do Cholula on the potato and egg just a few drizzles add some sauciness to it and it's so good it's so good guys if you're a Savory breakfast person like I am this is literally Heaven it's so good it's not the prettiest you know I'm not gonna lie it's not the prettiest if anyone makes this and you tag me in it I will I'll repost your story I'll shout you out I'll DM you I told you that I have been loving to eat breakfast out on my balcony I'm gonna read my Bible while I eat also here is the outfit I have on this blue this baby blue button up from aritzia it's so soft and so comfy with some jeans it makes me feel put together these jeans are from naked fashion they're just some straight leg jeans and then I have on these ballet flats which are new from Steve Madden I did some work with DSW and they sent these to me and I'm really happy they did because I think they're super cute and I can totally see like the ballet flat Trend now that is the outfit and my regular gold jewelry okay guys we are going to finish this morning routine with some planning of course it is 11 30. usually at this time I will plan like my afternoon and my evening my mornings are not necessarily like planned on paper they're just more like routine and ritual obviously that's the point of this video and then like at noon is when I will plan my afternoon and my evening because that's really the part that varies day to day depending on if I have meetings if I'm making content if I'm editing content what I like to do is pull up my social media Planner on my iPad and I will just write down anything that I have to do on here on my paper planner and then I will transfer things from yesterday that I didn't get to finish onto today and this is basically where my morning ends also if you guys want to see a more in-depth uh planning sesh it is in my day in the life of a content creator so go watch that hey guys that is basically it for this morning routine I'm gonna end it here because this is technically where I feel like my afternoon starts uh I started doing like all the other tasks that is on my planner but I showed all of that in my last day in the life so I'll have that link down below if you want to go through like the work day with me I hope you guys enjoyed I hope you found it helpful found some inspiration maybe some things that you can include in your morning routine this is um my weekday morning routine today's Friday so my weekend one is obviously much more relaxed if you want a weekend one I can definitely film that too thank you so much for hanging out with me spending the morning with me I love you all so much if you haven't seen my last video the giveaway is included in that video with super cute prizes for you guys so make sure to go watch that and enter it'll be open for 10 days also like And subscribe follow me on Instagram join this community amazing strong people that I love I'm thinking of filming or reading Vlog next let me know what you think about that and I will see you guys in my next video bye Besties

  Top Comments:
  1. @annikastevie [38 likes]: join Shortform now and gain access to thousands of non-fiction book summaries and their new AI extension! http://shortform.com/annika
  2. @BeauLukasFuchs [3 likes]: This is an underrated channel.
  3. @Ayşe27k [1 likes]: You inspired me for early wake up
  4. @mansi1955: ma'am u need to eat a little smth that's why ur drowsy in the morning for hours. our bodies are different from men, women need food in the morning, a little nuts AND BANANA  if not a full blown breakfast to keep u going
  5. @nstrnmoqadam9850: This Huda Beauty product is associated with the suffering and blood of Iranian youth.
  6. @Gulnoza_edu: please use the word “like” less
  7. @tombstonevulturecommand: so sad. smh
  8. @Minhphuong-d1d: 🎉
  9. @kkyy508: ❤❤❤
  10. @JillyMae89: Influencers doing these videos is so dumb. You don't have anything to do lol
Breakfast 5 hrs after you woke up is insane like really what did you accomplish thats soo productive? 😂 "Planning your day" at noon and it's just editing lol please.
  11. @joseralend: Heatmaps in YouTube Studio highlight most rewatched parts
  12. @KashIsai-r5p: This is pure gold.
  13. @DohaChennoufi-t9w: But for me morning should workout cus it's oblige
  14. @DohaChennoufi-t9w: It's the first time i see her i realky like her god bless 🥹🤎
  15. @maonamashallah: ❤
  16. @fatimatimey: in algeria and france ,the sandwich we called it a fries omelette  sandwich
  17. @TonyaSantos-i8j: I could watch this all day.
  18. @LongLo-v4x: So relaxing to watch.
  19. @PureJoy_: idk this doesnt look genuine to me...
  20. @zahrahever17: Hi may I know what app are you using for your workout?

- Dr. Shana Executive Wellness Coach: Kind: captions Language: en if i can ask you sis how do you multiply your business overnight and you can tell me that [Music] but i ask you when was the last time you took a deep breath to just relax and settle down and you don't have an answer for me sis you believe you made it to the c-suite and that equals success but i'm here sisters to ask you to think about this a little bit differently we're going to talk about what real success is because how can you be successful when you forgot about you when you were in the space of not sleeping at night when you're in the space of not exercising take care of yourself not connecting to yourself spiritually and you look in the mirror and you say who is that lady you're misaligned sis true leadership ladies is an inside job first see you may be a boss lady in the office you might be a boss lady because you own your own spot but are you truly a boss lady if you haven't led yourself to the space where you take care of you that's the question i want you to think about today see this is what i want you to understand in order for us to be true boss ladies true leaders on our way to the true sea sweet you have to pour into you first serve ladies from your overflow the cup is for you the saucer is for them see i didn't take your road or your road or yo bro guess who road i took i took mine i took the brakes i took care of myself and ladies it is time out for killing ourselves on behalf of somebody else today the last day that you do that

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrCrystalHarris: Powerful message.

- How To Start A Wellness Business in 2025 | Turn Your Passion Into Purpose: Kind: captions Language: en hey welcome to my channel my name is Tyra Monae and today I will be sharing with you the best tips on how to start a wellness business in [Music] 2024 I have a wellness business called Tai's garden and I've had Tai's Garden since 2020 so I started Tai's Garden as an opportunity to provide natural herbs and teas and oils and I did a lot of research during that time you know we were all in quarantine stuck at home so I did a lot of research behind like why I wanted to start my business and I feel like over time it definitely has evolved I have taken breaks in between I lost a lot of inspiration sometimes you get discouraged sometimes you feel like you can't move forward but I've learned a lot and I want to share specific tips on how you can start a wellness business in 2024 so let's get into that um a little bit of background again about Tai's Garden so um I do sell currently herbal teas and it took me a while to even find the perfect vendor right so whether you're starting a wellness business you have to start with why you want to be in the wellness business right so the wellness business is actually a great field to get into one because everybody's into Wellness right fitness health Beauty um self-care those are always going to be trending right because we're always going to find a opportunity to evolve and become our best selves and I believe the wellness business is projected to be U I think it's like $5 billion now but it's projected to increase to $8 billion by 2036 I believe so it's a perfect opportunity and wellness businesses are always going to continue to grow so say if you wanted to start like a gym say if you wanted to have say if you wanted to be a yoga trainer if you wanted to sell Beauty and wellness products if you want into Mental Health Services um there's so many different Avenues to Wellness and that's the best part about being in this field is that I feel like you can dive into so many different Avenues and It All incompasses Wellness like and I think that's also the approach that I have been taking with my business as well so a little bit more about TI Garden again I do sell wellness products but I also have started to curate Community wellness events in my area I am from the DMV area and my most recent events that I've had I've had a yoga class in Baltimore and that was called grounded in gratitude and I basically um had a amazing yoga instructor that was able to teach um trauma inform yoga poses um we practiced gratitude so I gave out journals um I also was able to um just provide a nice atmosphere and have a theme around a yoga class I also was able to put together a self self-defense class for domestic violence Awareness Month in October I am a survivor of domestic violence myself and I wanted to provide an opportunity for one for people to women specifically to learn techniques for their safety you guys know it's crazy out here and um we should always just remain V Vigilant right so we should always make sure that we are safe and I had a instructor teach um different mechanisms to you know stay safe so whether that is self-defense whether that is you know making sure we're standing our ground um so that was awesome too and then I am actually currently now this week doing a Fitness and Nutrition live series on Instagram so I have contacted and connected with Fitness and Nutrition professionals and I'm interviewing them on one so that they can talk about their business in the DMV area and how they are leveraging their Community practices what makes them Stand Out specifically and also benefiting for the viewers like tips that people can take for their wellness and nutrition Journeys right so whether they want to be plant-based whether they're trying to change the routine um January is a common time that people end up changing their diets and also um trying to get into like a new fitness routine so I felt like this was the perfect time to have a live Series so I have a two weeks worth of interviews that I'm doing on Instagram live um and it's going pretty well and I feel like that is a great resource so again T Garden I'm trying to change my Approach from not just selling wellness products but again trying to have a community aspect I also did a lot of community service in December I partnered with a lot of close friend of mine who also own businesses and we were able to feed the Homeless um we were able to give out toys for children for the holidays and we were able to put together um uh goodie bags and bag for the homeless too so I did three different Community Service events in December um for my business so that is an example of what I'm doing but then my Wellness business business is taking a community approach and also just providing that knowledge and um resources to my community too so that's the reason why I definitely have a passion um for wellness and I also work in the wellness field I work in public health professionally I do have a 9-5 and my Wellness business is my side hustle so public health health in general is my thing I feel like it is my world I feel like I eat breathe sleep and think wellness and health care it's just me I just feel like it's one of my purposes and I'm glad that I'm able to build on that and be literally surrounded by that almost every day I feel like you know if you're if you love something it naturally flows through your life so that's the same approach you should have when you're finding your boness business first like find your passion find your passion figure out what you want to do what type of services you want to give again if you want to be a mental health uh provider if you want to be a yoga instructor if you want to be a fitness instructor if you want to sell Beauty and wellness products um if you want to own like a physical building if you want to have a Pilates building or a Wellness Center that should be you have to figure out your purpose first and then that's how you're going to get the next steps um to figure out what you want to do with your business next the next step is to really get into business planning do Wellness business you need to create a business plan and um A business plan is going to include like your purpose your vision what you plan to do your target audience um the outcomes you would like to have for your business right so for example I created so many different versions of a business plan when I first started and I actually want to go back and redo mine because because my structure of my business has changed um since I first started but again I feel like the vision is still the same so um there are a lot of good templates um for creating a business plan I can actually drop one below um in the chat that you guys can in in the description that you guys can use um and then you know create a business plan that's the first step figure out what you want to do why and your reasoning behind it your target audience and um your outcomes if you do want to file an LLC that is is a completely different route that you can take um I do recommend it there are a lot of good benefits to having a registered business um so if you have questions about that please let me know I have successfully filed um three filings myself one for myself and two four um two friends that I have done so maybe I should start filing llc's and getting people llc's but um the process honestly is not that difficult to me but you do have to make sure you're reading correctly and doing things right because you can mess mess up and if you mess up you're going to lose your money and we don't want that you don't want to have to start the process over again so make sure you either have someone that's knowledgeable about following for an LLC um and getting your EIN in number and just make sure you're doing all the steps correctly so you don't waste your time and waste your money next for a wellness business is marketing strategies and um just making sure people know about your business um so one thing I also learned about just having a business in general is your brand and I also learned that a lot more within the past year you represent your brand right so if you want to be again I'm going to harp on like being a yoga instructor people should be able to look at you like oh she teaches yoga like he teaches yoga you know I without a shadow of a doubt know like okay this person does this I feel like I've been transforming again my business and my personal brand into Tyra she works in healthcare like she you know is like she does Wellness she has a beauty and wellness business um so that is what people should think of when you're marketing and branding your business you also want to make sure you have a website you want to make sure you have um the proper you know Instagram social media even Tik Tok so that people can find you and also know that you can even Market more I have every platform my business is on every platform one because the more the marrier and also I want people to be able to find me on all platforms I want it to be easy for you to look up Tai's garden and like okay Tai's Garden's on Tik Tok it's on Instagram it's on Facebook it's on YouTube so you want to make sure you're marketing your business effectively and I also have learned the value of reaching out to professionals and learn the value of networking because I'm the type of person I like to do everything myself and I'll share that I'll get it a little bit more into that as well in the video I like to do everything myself I feel like I'm a Renaissance woman which I kind of am but I feel like I just can do everything for myself but however that causes me to be overwhelmed because I think I can do all my marketing I think I know how to build my network without help but you it's so much value in people who can provide those services for you and I can't do all my content I can't do all my videos I can it saves money it's great to learn but your business is going to grow even more more once you see the value in Partnerships and say if you even don't have all of the funds right now to pay $500 for a videographer or $1,000 for someone to do your website however reach out to a friend who works on something or is learning themselves it's so much value in learning things together and that is the power of creating a successful business because you're building your knowledge based on what somebody can provide to you and you're sharing knowledge too so don't ever feel like you have to to do this on your own or alone and if you don't have support for family or friends find somebody who is supportive of you find find a network that is in Wellness find a Facebook group find a Instagram page Tik toks or whatever videos that are going to motivate you to feel like okay I can't feel like I can reach out and then you know look up stuff look up YouTube videos go look up different um videos for you to learn new skills like all that information is out there for you for you to continue to build your business for sure let's get into finances so the crazy part about having a business in general it's expensive it costs money you're going to lose some you're going to win some you're going to gain some but I can definitely say with my Approach that I'm taking now in business um you do have to save you do have to plan and manage your money effectively you are going to lose money because you're investing right but you're just starting out however there are a lot of good loans out there or grants that people are providing people for business I personally have never taken out a loan for my business um I haven't been awarded a grant before I have um been able to ask a family member who was in support of me doing my first pop-up shop and um they were able to pay like for my supplies for my popup shop and that was extremely helpful because I'm still doing popup shops to this day but that's the important part about you know again leveraging your network so finan make sure that you are putting your money in the right places make sure you are buying what you need and not specifically what you want um again if you're just trying to share information educational information just use your phone and talk online you know create videos all you need is your phone you don't need extra supplies you don't need to get the best camera or the best vlogging material to do these things like utilize what you have and I've noticed for some time I literally have so much stuff that I can do like content with or whatever and just stuff for my business like I literally have everything I need there's really no need for me to buy extra stuff unless it's like the only thing I'll say like recently I feel like was a good purchase was a um board stand like a esil stand for my boards for my events I did not have that granted another location or venue may have provide that for me but I needed one for myself because I was moving around so just think about like different supplies that you might need for your business um and make sure you're planning and using it effectively I can also get into how I like found my vendor for my te's as well because I actually ended up switching vendor so I do do private label for my te's um and I feel like it works out perfectly I feel like I'm not I feel like I don't have the capacity or feasibility to blend tea in my home and package tea and package um hundreds of tea bags in my home I personally do that but again there's so so many different resources out there Drop Shipping private label white label for you to do Beauty and wellness products if that is the route you would like to go so let me know if you're interested in learning more about that too last recommendation I'm going to give you guys is um to read this book building a wellness business that lasts and this is by the um co-founder of Mind Body I don't know if you all are familiar with the app I think it has transformed or partnered with um class pass I believe don't quote me on that and I purchased this book in 22 2022 I believe and I definitely recommend is because it's for trainers entrepreneurs it's for yoga professionals Wellness in general you need to have this book if you're thinking about starting a wellness business because it outlines your purpose it outlines how you can be have just have a successful business and wellness because it lays out the blueprint to what you may need and also the path you need to go on to figure out how can my business be reciprocated or also fruitful in this field right maybe having a mentor um integrating software and payment methods um securing your financing uh what else making a living in Wellness know how you can um make money uh first things first identify what you love you have to identify what you love about this field um he recommends getting certified um you know just grab this book it's I definitely recommend it and um if you need the link to this too please let me know and I will share it with you guys but I feel like in general that is what sums up again you starting a successful Wellness business in 2024 um I also have been trying to get into selling eBooks now I will have an ebook available after my Fitness and Nutrition live series is available so I'm excited to see like the fruits of what I've been working on with that so there's just so many different ways that you can just incorporate um your passion for wellness um into making sure you're getting paid for it making sure you actually enjoy it because again as I was saying earlier we all know as Wellness professionals or if you have an interest in Wellness there's so much purpose behind what we do we care for people we want to make sure people are being taken care of um and we want to make sure that we're supporting our community so um again if you guys have any questions or want to learn a little bit more about my business please let me know reach out um again feel free to follow my business page at TI Garden um that's t y s g a r d n and let me know but thank you guys so much for tuning in I really appreciate please like And subscribe okay bye peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @awomanlikety [5 likes]: Hey my loves! Part 2 of How to Start a Wellness Business and get Ready for Launch Day is available here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcRkUPQ9Vec

Thank you for watching! ❤💕
  2. @roydenise233: I’ve watched this video before, but I had to come back and watch it again. This really gave me the push I needed to move forward with my wellness business. I appreciate you and this video so much ❤
  3. @vinneykemmy3351: Thanks for your video. i’m starting a wellness business, but I’m also an author and I do make journals if you need some Journals made specific for your business please reach out to me.
  4. @freelancebizninja: Such a valuable guide for anyone starting in wellness, thanks for sharing.
  5. @veronicakush8127: Great video thank you for sharing
  6. @DaBrandLab: Really enjoyed this breakdown 👏. The way you framed the shift from traditional branding to storytelling is spot on. It’s a great reminder that starting tactics are useful, but if you want to build an actual business and brand you’ve got to invest in consistency and marketing too. Do you think smaller creators can pull that off without a big budget?
  7. @Mariellifestyle: Your skin is gorgeoussssss. You're beautiful, my dear
  8. @emmagrace4386: This was SO helpful, thank you!! <3
  9. @ezzyspeaks: Thank you
  10. @londasamuels7488: Thank you for the information.
  11. @DlovesPurp: What do you do for your 9-5?
  12. @GUIROKO: Your beauty! Have a beautiful day Tyra!
  13. @savyp30: This video is inspiring. Well done.
  14. @mimisample: So proud of you
  15. @riseandshine11: Thank you so much for those resources Tyra☀️
  16. @showingyourtruepath7517: Why is it title 2025 but you say 2024
  17. @neish1863: This is very inspiring not even 5 minutes in!!
  18. @Monte-ALL: Hey! I love you as a person which I feel is really what your promoting here. The title is misleading. You told your story but didn't teach how to start a business. Maybe call it " My Journey: Tips To Following Health And Wellness As A Passion. I'm new to the Youtube space so maybe my voice has no wieght but just my opinion. One Love
  19. @kimyayoga9943: Do you have any recommendations for website creators that are reasonably/ fix priced? 
Most that I’ve contacted seem to want a monthly fee.. thank you!
  20. @NdiemeNdoye-lz7km: Thanks very informative

- my 5AM morning routine *cozy* | banana matcha latte, pilates, nature walk, healthy breakfast: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Good morning, you guys. Today I decided to film a little 5:00 a.m. morning routine. I haven't been consistently waking up at 5:00 a.m. But whenever I do, this is kind of like the basic routine that I would do consistently. Whether I'm waking up on a late morning or an early morning like today, I keep my routine basically the same. And I can say that it has kept me sane for all these years. I just finished icing my face. It's one of my favorite things in the morning that I like cannot wait to wake up to. I know call me crazy. A lot of people always ask me, how do I get up so early in the morning? And to be completely honest, like the best thing that I can answer to that question is sleep. You got to have a good night's sleep and you got to get to bed early. Daylight savings for the spring kind of screwed up my routine for a while. So, I made it a priority that around like 5:30 I have to prep dinner and I cannot eat after 7:30. I'm still technically doing my fasting and my priority is to start my fasting at 7:30. Start my night routine like brushing my teeth, washing my face, and getting ready for bed around 8:30 and being in bed by 9:00. I cannot fathom enough how important sleep is in order to have an actual productive morning routine, especially as someone who is consistently training. So, my body is begging for a good recovery night's sleep. Going to bed early and having a good mattress plays a huge part in that. And I want to talk about the mattress that I'm currently sleeping in. I'm partnering up with Lisa for today's video. They sent me their Legend Hybrid Chill mattress and I got the queen size obviously cuz why else? As I just woke up from it not too long ago, it is the best mattress I've ever laid on. On top of that, they're a company that I completely trust and respect. Lisa gives back over 41,000 mattresses donated ever since 2015. They're handcrafted in Glendale, Arizona, and they're made with eco-conscious materials. All their mattresses are 100% fiberglass free, so it's safe and non-toxic. And they are so convenient with their free shipping and their free returns. Every day I'm training and working out around the clock, and my body is constantly so sore, so a good mattress is a huge priority in my recovery process. So, at the end of the day, I want my mattress to keep me stress free. So, I don't want to have to worry about having a bad back or overheating while I'm sleeping. The Legend Hyperchill mattress that I have is so good for hot sleepers. I don't know why there's this universal issue where you sleep really, really hot at night and then you wake up perfectly chill in the morning. The mattress that I chose on their website has a cooling quilt top with phase change fibers that pull away heat. Plus, this mattress has a gel infused memory foam layer that helps eliminate body heat and lowers body temperature for a cool and comfortable night's sleep. Knowing all that, for the past couple of nights, it's been the best sleep of my life. It has medium firmness to it. With their dual spring support, they help with back and hip pain. a powerful duo to take the tension out of any bedroom. You will move so freely. No more tossing, turning, or disturbance from your sleep neighbor or other pain points. My mind is 95% focusing on my work and training. So, I was looking for something straight to the point and really easy to find on Lisa's website without frying my brain. I love that it avoids the stress of buying a mattress compared to the traditional way. We can all agree that having a mattress shipped straight to your home is so convenient. Like, who wants to be going to a store, trying out mattresses, picking the mattress, and then carrying the whole thing from your car to your door to your home to your bedroom? It's a big investment. A mattress is a major home staple that you plan on keeping forever. And with Lisa's 100 night risk-free trial, free shipping, and free returns, I can try out this mattress 100% worry-free. Not to mention, they're covered by limited lifetime warranty. So, if you're ready to take your sleep game seriously, you can scan the QR code, or you can click the link in the description to get $75 off your mattress with code Melanie. That's M E L A N I E. That's me. That's my name. Thanks, Lisa, for sponsoring today's video and getting me a good night's sleep. That's how we're having this morning routine today. It is Wednesday and it is my hot skill Pilates day. So, I don't really rush into today's workout since I really don't have to drive to head to the gym. I just do a 50-minute class in my at home gym. So, it's really convenient. The weather has been so nice lately. So, I have been wanting to go on a morning walk. I haven't done that in a long time because every time I wake up, I kind of just go straight to my closet to get dressed and head to the gym. But, I really, really want to do a hot girl morning walk today. And it's also Matt's birthday today. So, we're going to be celebrating after we finish this morning routine because no matter what day it is, no matter what holiday, a morning routine is a priority. Honestly, the older you get, you start to realize how important a consistent morning routine really is. So, I'm not doing my skincare yet. I just put on a little bit of SPF and I'm going to start my main morning rituals. Okay, now it's time to make the bed. What? Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, this morning is taking a lot longer than expected. I literally woke up around 5:00 and out of nowhere it's like already like near 7. But we are kind of having a chill morning instead of like a more rushy type morning because again it is Matt's birthday so we're trying to like enjoy the day. I literally just wrote in my journal that what would make today great is by appreciating the little moments and by not rushing and taking in every moment for a special day like today, which is the day Matt was born. We don't usually go on walks all the time, but I really wanted to treat ourselves cuz it's a gorgeous day today. Matt doesn't really want to do much for his birthday, so there's not much to do. So, a walk is definitely a necessity. Right after we take our walk, we're going to head back home and then start our hot Pilates sculpt workout routine. It's going to be brutal. I like it. You're deep. Lipsy tipsy tipsy. You're deep. You're deep. You're deep. You're tipsy. Sorry. Lou. Hey. Hey. Okay, that is a wrap. I I don't I don't know if you can tell, but I am drenched. I freaking love a good hot sculpt Pilates class. It's literally the best. I never signed up or ever attended an actual like Pilates studio or class in general. I've literally only done Pilates classes online, like videos and all that on YouTube, but there's so many of the like really aesthetic looking ones and I try to look up like ones that get you sweating and for some reason those don't really get me sweating that much. This one by Franchesca, I don't want to pronounce her last name incorrectly, but she has one of the best Pilates workouts on YouTube in the game right now. It always feels like I'm generally in the class even though I'm like not physically there. So, since I don't go to like an actual class, there's no like time period that I have to be there. there's no schedule that I like basically paid for. So, I like to manipulate myself and say class starts at this exact time. You have to be there or you like wasted money, you know? Like I gaslight myself into thinking that I paid for a Pilates class when I actually didn't. But it gets me in the gym a lot quicker and it's just like I don't know. It's still the vibe that you want to get if you were actually at a Pilates class if you actually had to leave your house. I'm lucky enough to have an at home gym so I try to make it feel like an actual workout class. So, it is now time for breakfast. My breakfast used to be different every day. Like I used to make like, let's say, a breakfast taco, breakfast burrito, omelette, pancakes, and whatnot. Now, I've literally been doing the exact same breakfast every single day. And that is boiled eggs because that's a lot less dishes, so I don't have to like get a pan out. What else? I do turkey bacon or turkey sausages, but I've been on a turkey bacon kick lately. Oh. Oh, no. Not the bread. Turkey bacon. And I make some avocado toast to put my boiled eggs on top of. Matt's feeding the cats right now. It's their breakfast time. This is the best big girl purchase I've ever made. It's literally a hard-boiled egg cooker. Got it off Amazon if you ask if you're wondering. Ooh, I forgot my cottage cheese. The best part, this is a big container of cottage cheese from Costco. It's the only one they have and it is low fat, so it's really not that bad. Only 2.5 g of fat and 13 g of protein. I want to eventually um take out bread from my breakfast, but I I've just been so obsessed with like avocado toast with cottage cheese on top of it along with the side of turkey bacon and boiled eggs. I know a really good breakfast idea is usually just a bowl of cottage cheese with some chopped avocado and boiled eggs and like chopped up bacon and whatnot. But that just doesn't fill me up as much as it should. Having this all with toast definitely gets me full for the rest of the day, for the rest of the morning. Not for the rest of the day. But then again, this has got to be like one of the best breads I've ever seen on the market. It's literally made out of avocado oil and it has seed and grains in it. So, it's a pretty damn healthy loaf of bread. Oh, wait. I didn't even poke a hole. Sorry, I'm all over the place. So, I got my eggs cooking in a very discreet, very mindful way. I don't even know what I'd be saying. So, while everything cooks, I like to make my favorite little yogurt bowl. It's a protein yogurt bowl. These are the I don't know how to pronounce this. Oki Okos's trip0 15 g of protein yogurt. If this isn't the most Hispanic way to cut strawberry, I don't know what is. Matt actually got this at Costco. Black seeds and chia seeds. And it has 11 g of protein. So, I'm not going to be mad about sprinkling this all over my Oh, it's not. Okay. So, it's not granola. It's just actual oats. So, I'm just going to sprinkle, I guess, raw oats over the top just for garnish. And then you have my beautiful little protein yogurt parfait. They look like webs for the birthday boy. Thank you when you're not slick. Bessel. You're welcome. This is This is solid. So, what' you do today? Okay, now it's time to put on my skincare. I actually used to just put on my skincare the second I wake up, but I kind of stopped doing that cuz I realized how much skincare I was actually wasting. So, now I try to make it a priority to just put on moisturizer when I wake up. Then I go ahead and put all my serums and whatnot under any of the makeup that I'm going to wear for the day. I'm also back to my roots. I just got a bunch of The Ordinary serums that I used to use every single day and they were literally like my go-to skincare because they were so affordable and they actually work. Like I generally saw it work on my skin. Once I started switching up my skincare with like Tik Tok shop stuff, I saw my skin screaming for me to stop and it's just never been the same ever since. So, I just finally decided to go back to using the things that I actually do know. A bunch of these serums are for like hyperpigmentation, acne, acne scars, and I've have I have a lot of acne scars from like all the previous bad zits I've been having lately. I've been back on them for like 2 weeks now, and I already see my skin getting 10 times better than it has been in a while. And then for SPF and this little like bronze serum is from Well People. I absolutely freaking love Well People's products. That and Typology have literally been coming in clutch when it comes to like tinted skincare. So usually I don't really do that much makeup right after a workout or if I'm ever going to the cafe. I kind of just put light makeup on. But we're probably going to do something for Matt's birthday after I edit at the cafe. So I'm probably just going to get a little extra glammed up for today just in case. You never know. Just in case we do something extravagant. By the way, this has got to be the best sponge. I looked at the package and it said something like matte finish looking sponge. I guess it's different than other sponges. It seems a little more lighter and it definitely makes a huge difference. I feel like none of the product gets taken off of my face. Really does kind of feel like a matte finish. I'm sad my lip liner is in the car, so sorry if my top lip looks a little invisible. I feel really good, actually. I got my lashes lifted and tinted a couple days ago and they just always like boost my confidence up. Oh my god, I hate when I feel like I have like I have hair on my face. I'm actually thinking about finally styling my hair. I haven't styled my hair in a while. I've kind of just been letting my natural hair breathe and air dry, but I feel like today's the day. Today's the day where I'm going to style it. I'm using the Heritage little leave-in conditioner spray. Heritage heat protectant mist. I can't talk about how much I love a good mist for your hair instead of like spraying. I feel like all the heat protectant sprays that I use like always spray like clumps of water and then my hair is like damp all over again. My hair is super super thick, so like a mist is the best thing for evening it out properly. So, I found this little dupe hair styler. I know that there's one that was going all viral all over Tik Tok where it basically blow dries and it has like a detachable head where you can put a blowd dryer on, a straightener, a little blowout comb. This is basically a haird dryer with like a styling comb on top. So it blowdries your hair and like kind of gives you a natural blowout. I saw it for like a couple hundred and I was going to get it. Like I really did want it, but then I saw this at a freaking Burlington and I was like a dupe. $30. So if you want to get something that's somewhat the same. Oh my god. Why do I kind of want my hair to be this short? All right, the hair is done. That took about an hour. Honestly, like my back hurts. Let me just just lay here for a second. First, I blow-dried it. Then after, I just curled it a little bit with my little straightening iron to show off the ends and the layers. It's a little frizzy at the moment. There's some strands like in my face, but usually like after two days like it ends up like unfrizzing itself. Don't know how that happens. Don't don't ask me. But now before we head to the cafe, I'm going to make my matcha. I am in deep need of some caffeine right now. Okay, I got my banana matcha. Friend of mine that I met in Miami recommended this place to go to to get like this banana matcha, but I wasn't going to stay in Miami for long, so I wasn't able to go try it out. But he also recommended this mua banana milk that he puts in his matcha, and he told me it was a game changer. I took his word for it, and I will say it 100% is a game changer. Oh my god. Guys, that has got to be the best matcha I've ever had. I think we all hate this, but I absolutely hate like chalky tasting matcha or just bland matcha that just tastes like straight up grass. I sound like Leo Skppy grass. I didn't expect to sound that accurate to him. Hang on. I hate it when my matcha tastes like grass. So, milk plays a huge part on how your matcha is going to taste. I was really skeptical about this. Skeptical, is that the right word? I was really skeptical about this milk at first because I felt like it was kind of the same as like strawberry milk. Like you know how strawberry milk is like fake strawberry or strawberry flavoring. Like it's not actual like blended strawberries. This is actually a really good brand. It's organic and it's actual banana milk. The ingredients are literally filtered water, organic bananas, organic sunflower seeds, and it's only 3 g of fat, 60 calories, no added sugar, dairy free, nutree, non GMO, gluten-free, lactoseree, soy free, vegan. Like, why did I not know about this sooner? Even has like a little dash of cinnamon. This is really good. Oh my god. I' I've 100% fallen in love with many milks, but this has got to be the best milk I've ever tried. It literally smells and tastes like straight up bananas and water if you like literally open the cap and smell inside of the bottle. So, he put me on to this banana milk. I want to put y'all on to this banana milk. It's definitely the best thing ever. Mala, if you're watching this video, please go ahead and sponsor me. I would love to. Oh my god, I honestly can't get enough of it. My hair is like really wild. Whenever I curl it for the first time, it's super perfectly curly. sews like all over the place, but I like it when it dies down by like the second day. So, please don't mind like how chaotic it looks at the moment. I actually don't have a lot of work to do. I only got like this video to edit, but I can still do that tomorrow. I have all week to edit this video. If it wasn't Matt's birthday, I probably would have spent all day editing this video all at once. But, we're just going to drive to the cafe, bring my matcha, and edit a little bit, get some meetings done, get some work done, get some notes done, sign some contracts, go over a bunch of brand deals, plan the week and the weekend, meal plan, and that's basically it for this morning routine. This is solid. This is probably going to be finished by the time I get to the cafe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @melaniepatriciacruz4943 [13 likes]: Thank you Leesa for sponsoring! Visit https://qr-codes.io/iEAGJ0 to get $75 off your order with code MELANIE. (Excludes ancillary products, the Studio mattress, Kids mattresses, and mattress bundles)
  2. @sayittomyfaceidareyou8629 [2 likes]: When I saw your cat waking you up I knew this was the channel for me 😂❤
  3. @ruchedSorbs [1 likes]: This deserves more subscribers.
  4. @FinalMoonIncarnate [1 likes]: I’ve never seen someone put honey straight up on the teabag, but like why not it works lol ❤
  5. @nard688: omg I love the vibes
  6. @KingLouisLXIX: Must be nice not having a real job.
  7. @novembersky3749: u go girl Mel!:face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling:🤗💓💗
  8. @AnaMoralespaez-z8n: ❤
  9. @queenb4life624: girl how do you get yourself to drink matcha every matcha i try takes like a sewer i would love to like matcha
  10. @OnielliaJackson-m9m: You are so Pretty and I love your video
  11. @jenburch1504: Hi. Where are you from
  12. @jaydenschwartz602: Where did you get that bathroom nightlight i NEEDDD. Our bathroom has one light switch that turns on the brightest light and has a loud mf fan attached to it. HELPPP.
  13. @brendamaccarini6312: Aprecen comentarios randoms in spanish como "estas borracha" "estas hundida" o "lo siento" ahaha
  14. @Noorabdelsalaam: متابعة من مصر ❤
من فضلك تضيفى الترجمة للغة العربية
  15. @EShA.Gifted: You are perfect! Thanks for the motivation. ❤
  16. @KarolinaRzucidlo: OMG I love your Routine and video ❤❤❤❤
  17. @Ho62Ho-w6h: Multi-language captions make content discoverable internationally.
  18. @FinalMoonIncarnate: She said her bread is only avocado oil and seeds. It’s so clean there’s not even flour 😂
  19. @ErnestVega-d5k: Love the energy in this video.
  20. @KylanCox-g7h: I appreciate your effort.

- What to Eat (and Avoid) to Lose Belly Fat During Menopause: Kind: captions Language: en losing belly fat during menopause isn't about eating less it's about eating right today I'll show you exactly what to put in your basket for a macro balanced meal and what to leave on the shelves step one protein 40% of your plate protein builds muscle it speeds up your metabolism and it keeps you full for longer let's grab some options like chicken breast salmon or eggs and here's what to avoid processed Meats like Deli slices or SAU sausage loaded with sodium and preservatives these can cause water retention and bloating skip them for fresh whole proteins step number two carbs 30% of your plate healthy carbs give you energy and help reduce Cravings look for fiber options like sweet potatoes quinoa or berries and here's what to avoid white bread pastries or sugary snacks these spike your blood sugar leading to Fat storage especially around your belly step three healthy fats which would be 30% of your plate healthy fats support hormones and they help you feel satisfied choose options like avocados olive oil or a handful of almonds and here's what to avoid process trans fats in snacks like chips or margarine these can increase inflammation and make weight loss even harder stick to Natural whole sources of fat here's our fat loss friendly basket lean protein complex carbs and healthy fats Balan to keep you full and burn fat skip the sugary drinks the processed snacks and anything that's loaded with trans fat or added sugar trust me your body will thank you losing belly fat during menopause doesn't mean starving yourself it means eating Smart Fill your basket with the right Foods avoid the stinky ones and you're already ahead of the game during menopause your hormones are shifting so it's important that you work with them instead of against them fats are the one macronutrient that directly support hormones so therefore having a slightly higher fat intake during these years and no absolutely not am I speaking to keto but this macro split can be an absolute GameChanger to seeing more results you want with your body during this time the macro split breakdown that we provide women is 35% protein 27% carbohydrates and 38% fat again not keto as keto would be like something like 10% carbs and and also would make it harder for you to build muscle if you want some more help with your nutritional and strength training needs click the link below this video in the description and watch a quick free training that I put together on how you will use all of this to control your body for the rest of your life

  Top Comments:
  1. @pj5442 [6 likes]: Nope, been there done that, belly fat remains
  2. @MichelleBlackChannel [6 likes]: Yes — what you eat matters so much more during menopause, but it’s not just about cutting carbs or sugar. It’s about balancing blood sugar, reducing inflammation, and actually fueling your metabolism. Most women don’t realize their belly fat is a symptom, not the problem.🔥
  3. @MichelleBlackChannel [3 likes]: So helpful! One thing I see a lot with the women I work with is that they’re already eating clean — but still struggling with belly fat, bloat, and low energy. That’s when we look deeper at hormone signaling, cortisol, and gut health. For many women in perimenopause or post-menopause, food is just one part of a much bigger puzzle. Love that you’re keeping the conversation going 💛
  4. @vitality_daily [2 likes]: This is what I do:
Three meals, 5 hour wait in between each meal. I drink water 1 hour after I eat 

I don't
Eat processed junk
Consume sugar
Drink alcohol 
Snack

I do
Drink water
Eat fruits and veggies before my cooked food
Walk after I eat for digestion
  5. @WarriorBabe [1 likes]: Discover the Hormone-Smart Fat Loss System for Women 40+: https://warriorbabe.com/macros?el=YT-Menopause-3-11
Grab The Ultimate Guide to Macronutrients + 7 Bonus Gifts: https://warriorbabe.com/macro-guide?el=YT-Menopause-3-11
  6. @GenXRetroUGC [1 likes]: The Warrior Babe app has deli turkey in it so why are you saying to avoid it?
  7. @angiebrooks9784 [1 likes]: I'm trying to eat less meat these days. Are there any whole plant based proteins you can suggest?
  8. @SaraFreedMiami: Shopping list please 😁🥺😅 2:03 ❤🎉
  9. @CalmPerspective47: How are you supporting the liver in metabolizing protein and fat? I recognize that these nutrients are important but liver function is especially important during menopause and perimenopause and animal protein and fat make the liver work harder.
  10. @SolrenCaelwyn: So what do you think of Prof Christopher Gardner from Stanford’s take that protein is being eaten to much. Zoe interview
  11. @lisamitchell191: The carb recommendations.  Is that based on net carbs or is that total carbs?
  12. @victoriaroe8977: OUTSTANDING info! Thank you, beautiful Warrior Babe!!!✨️💖✨️💯🫶😊🥰
  13. @angiebrooks9784: Wow! Thank you so much for sharing this info. It will be so helpful towards my journey going forward.😊❤

- Lose Your Belly Fat at 50 !!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Let's talk about the truth about the menopause belly fat. I'll give you five simple things you can start doing tonight to get rid of it. Your fat acts like your grandma's Tupperware collection, stacked, sealed, and never leaving. In fact, in this video, I'll reveal an incredible fat loss secret for women over 50. I know people call it the menopause, but I really don't like that term. Let's just say we're focusing on the mid Section fat that we all hate. And by the way, I even had it too. I dunno if I had the Meno pot, but at one point I had a little belly and some love handle. Of course, I got rid of it, I didn't like it. So I understand to some degree the great news today you can start implementing these solutions immediately. The bad news, if you're still doing endless crunches and eating less, you're actually making things worse. And this is a key graph today. Look at this, the solid line. It represents weight gain over time. So you can see it goes up around menopause, but check it out. You see the dotted line that's post menopause look at weight reduce. And you're going to say, well, doc, that's a great thing. I'll just wait it out. But what we're seeing here. Is muscle loss. So yes, you get increased fat loss of muscle loss of weight, but that's what creates aging loss of muscle gain of fat, not good. The same thing happens on the face like this. So treat the body and the face. Follows we'll see improvement in loose skin, firming your face, lifting and sag going. And for that reason, like, and subscribe this free video with great information. Your time's valuable. Let's move on. You see the scale may not show it. It's a shift in fat, not necessarily a gain for everyone. Keep that fact in mind as we move on in this video today. First, exactly what is the menopause belly? Well, it isn't just extra belly fat, it's a hormonal rebellion at its finest. You can see it right here. And please don't think you're alone. Check this out. Hormonal balance leads to weight gain that accumulates around the middle. Okay. We've established that, but check this out. Approximately 90 percent of women nine zero 90 percent gain weight during menopause. And here, let's see how you stack up 12 to 15 pounds is the average weight gain. If you're not sure when menopause is or what the signs I'll link a video at the end of my signs of menopause, and some of them you might not even realize. are actually happening. Why? Well, there's four reasons. Number one, estrogen drops. A 2023 study found that women in menopause lose up to 40 percent of their estrogen, which in turn causes that back to shift from the hips and thighs straight to the belly. You guys often tell me, doc, I went from the center of attention to invisible. As you see here. Many women feel invisible due to ageism, discrimination, and undervaluation in society. This greatly accelerates right around menopause. Body habitus represents fertility. That's the primordial reason. Test yourself. Yes, the waist to hip ratio that you've all heard about and how it anthropometric analysis. With digital silhouettes and the studies therein, the waist to hip ratio is negatively associated with women's health, fecundity. And cognitive ability, this is something students of aesthetics do all the time. Look at somebody from a distance. Maybe you're walking down the street or you're in a mall. Look at someone from a distance. You can't see their face, but you can see them walk. You can see their body shape. How old are they? Ask yourself, how old is that person? And as you get closer, the answer will be there in how they look in their face. But what you're actually doing is you're studying their body habitus. where the fat's sitting? Uh, you're looking at their gait. Do they have hyposcoliosis? Are they hunched over even a tiny bit that gives way to their age? But you're also looking at the hip to the waist ratio. You're calculating fertility. You get my point. Fat distribution changes as we age. And that change is calculated by the people around us. And that's why we don't like it. Number two, insulin sensitivity declines. Meaning, even if you eat the same way you always have, your body stores more fat instead of burning it. We like burning it. Insulin is a fat storing molecule, so when it's high, your fat acts like your grandma's Tupperware collection, stacked, sealed, and never leaving. But here's the good news. What we're going to do today is increase insulin sensitivity. That's going to help lower the insulin levels in the body. So instead of storing your fat, your body wants to burn it. Number three, androgen levels increase and few people realize this because they're trying to get on, uh, testosterone. They're trying to think about their progesterone, but androgens are just that. They're the male hormones. That women have, but they're in smaller amounts. Think testosterone and DHEA. When your estrogen drops, the androgens become relatively more dominant, and that leads to an increase in belly fat storage, cravings, and even changes where your body holds muscle. It's why I made that video on creatine. I'll link that one at the end as well. And it's why some women notice a more apple shaped figure post menopause versus the hourglass. Number four, metabolism slows. Studies show that women burn 200 fewer calories per day, post menopause, even if they're active and more active than they were. So let's get rid of it by first stopping the biggest mistakes that women make. If you're doing these. You're making things much worse. My patients tell me that they're doing these things and I have to resist the urge to facepalm. It's like watching someone text at 2am. Nothing good is coming from this. Number one is starving yourself on low calorie diets. Couldn't be the furthest thing from what you should do. Cutting calories too low makes your body hold on to fat for survival and gets rid of your muscle. It's like a squirrel hoarding acorns for winter. A study in the journal of clinical endocrinology found that chronic dieting increases cortisol and that actually stores more. Number two, this is, this has to be the most common right here doing more cardio instead of strength training and I have to tell my patients five or six times strength, strength, strength, strength, strength. Are you doing it yet? No, start get a pull up bar, whatever you need. You think an hour of running is going to melt your fat. No, it's not going to melt your fat. A study in obesity found that too much cardio raises cortisol, leading to even more belly fat. So, do what you need to do. I have videos on weight lifting and how to get on that routine. Why did I say a pull up bar? Simply having a pull up bar around. Do one or two or three as you're walking by it. It's a good reminder. And they can easily be put in between door wells. Number three, ignoring your hormones. Cortisol, testosterone and insulin, they all interconnect to play a huge role in how much fat your body holds onto. You can't just eat less and move more when your hormones are completely unbalanced. Watch my complete video on hormone balancing. Let's hit five solutions that actually work. Number one. Intermittent fasting. Yes. One of the most effective ways to burn menopause belly is by reducing your eating window. A strategy known as intermittent fasting, a 2021 study in obesity found that women who fasted for 14 hours a day lost significantly more belly fat than those who didn't. More importantly than a study, I see this in real life with real patients. So exactly how do you start this? We each have different jobs, lifestyles, and eating windows. But here's a really common example my patients use. They'll finish dinner at about 7 p. m. No food until 9 a. m. The next day. That will give you a 14 hour fast. You eat within a 10 hour window for 12 weeks. Here's another good study if you're interested. 10 hour time restricted eating reduces weight. Blood pressure, atherogenic lipids in patients with metabolic syndrome, but it gives us an idea into what I'm talking about. Now, these patients in particular were on blood pressure meds and cholesterol meds. We want to come off of all of these. They concluded, look here. TRE, Time Restricted Eating, is a potentially powerful lifestyle intervention that can be added to standard medical practice to treat metabolic syndrome. For me, I go a step further and I take people therefore then off of the meds. It's huge. This alone has been shown to reduce belly fat. I personally don't eat until about 11am to 2pm with the idea of inducing autophagy. I'll link my video to that. Many of you already know about it, but some may not. And yes, autophagy has only really been proven in most models, but we believe it's happening in humans too. So why does this work? Well, it's because during fasting, insulin levels drop, allowing your body to burn that stored fat instead of storing more. A bonus tip. I'll take my green tea fat burner upon wakening in the morning. to increase fat oxidation by about 17%. Here's exactly what's in it. So if you're on a supplement, look to see what's in yours as well. Uh, and I'll make mine half off for you guys today. I'll put a code in burn 50. I'll link it in the comments below and in the more info below this video, here's the back of the supplement bottle. You can see this green tea extract. Garcinia Fruit Extract, Raspberry Ketone Extract, and Coffee Bean Extract plus more. Number two, lower your carb intake and focus on protein. Now I can't stress this one enough. When I ask my patients time and time again, they have no clue on their daily protein intake. And it matters. You see, low estrogen equals low insulin sensitivity. This means refined carbs cause major fat storage. Especially right in the belly, where we don't want it today. Here's what you want to do. Swap bread, pasta, and rice for meat or fish. High protein keeps you full longer, and that's a bonus as well. Non starchy veggies are what you should look for, like broccoli, cauliflower, and asparagus. Now, some people, they get a little more Gassy on those. So see which ones work for you a little trial and error there. And I do want you to eat healthy fats. Think olive oil and avocado whole milk. That's a great one. Pure pasture raised cottage cheese, add blueberries. Peanut butter bicollagen powder and your creatine to that if you need a tiny bit of honey, you can add it I also eat a lot of sardines sauerkraut organic chicken breasts meat with gristle. Let's talk about that for a sec So if you're a meat eater The gristle is going to contain more collagen. But here's the kicker. When you chew more, you work the face muscles more. And muscles make up 25 percent of your face. So they're like your natural filler. A Harvard study found that women who ate 30 percent of their calories from protein had smaller wastes than those. who didn't start tonight, have a low carb, high protein dinner. It keeps your insulin low and fat burning active while you sleep. If you want me to elaborate on a couple of recipes like the cottage cheese one, that's an easy way to get your protein up. Cause many people struggle getting enough protein in a way. Isolate protein is another great thing to add to your smoothie. If you need more, it's hard. Number three, strength training, stop fearing the weights. A lot of my patients, my women patients, they're scared they're going to bulk up. Strength training preserves muscle and it boosts your metabolism. Women lose about one to two percent, yes, one to two percent. It's colossal when you add it up, of muscle per year after the age of 40. So that's exactly when we're getting the menopause, and that makes Fat gain inevitable unless you lift. Sarcopenia is something I talk about a lot and I discuss in my creatine video. I'll link that at the end so you can follow that one. So what to do. Do this two to three strength sessions a week. That's how much you need squats, deadlifts, and resistance training. Those are your top ones. Lifting weight will increase your metabolism. And that means that you burn more calories while you're watching your favorite Netflix show. You get that thermogenic effect. Tongkat LE, if you want to take an adaptogen, it helps boost your testosterone and that keeps muscle high and fat. Exactly what we're looking. I have Tongkat Ali in my Women's Vitality Blend and I also add Horny Goat Weed, Maca Root Powder, Soft Palmetto, Panax Ginseng, because you get all the energy without the jittery of an espresso. So, women love Tongkat Ali, many of you are on it. You want to look into that one. Number four is cortisol again. You want to control cortisol and balance your hormones. Cortisol is your stress hormone after all, right? So that makes you stressed. You store fat right in the belly. I guess talking about stress, remove stressful people from your life too. Choose to lower your cortisol naturally. Think ashwagandha reduces stress by 30%. Think 5, 000 steps a day. How long is that? That's about a 2. 5 mile walk. That's going to lower your cortisol and burn fat. Your leg muscles, keep in mind are the largest muscles in your body. So again, you get that thermogenic burning. So after walking, your body keeps burning calories at a higher rate. for many, many hours. It's also why strength training works well with HIIT, H I I T, High Interval Intensity Training. HIIT is way better for fat loss than steady state cardio that many of you are doing today. Speaking of lowering cortisol, what about bedtime? Think magnesium before bed for better sleep. And I'll link my complete video on magnesium at the end so you know exactly what type to take. You want to think of menopause as a hormonal game. Belly fat doesn't stand a chance. So to summarize, stop starving yourself, stop running endlessly, start lifting weights, start balancing your hormones naturally, and start eating in a way that works for your. body. Think autophagy and fasting. Intermittent fasting is very different than starving yourself chronically. I did make a crucial video about bio identical hormone replacement. I'll put it here. One on ashwagandha down here and one on creatine and sarcopenia up here. Must watch this for you. Keep your skin and body beautiful, healthy, and vibrant.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rajanimdskincare [45 likes]: Fat Burner RajaniMD 50% off Code
BURN50
https://store.rajanimd.com/products/green-tea-fat-burner-gummies
  2. @aikoshimada3167 [5 likes]: There are studies showing that intermittent fasting actually triggers cortisol for menopausal women and thus more fat accumulates in the middle.
  3. @MichelleBlackChannel [5 likes]: This is an important reminder that after 50, stubborn belly fat is rarely about willpower alone. Supporting metabolism, stress, and recovery together makes a big difference.
  4. @Winter-144-o4x [3 likes]: If people would stop asking me how far along I am, then maybe i can get a grip on my cortisol levels. I'm 63 for crying out loud!!!!
  5. @After40Truth [2 likes]: This is such an important topic. I see so many women over 40 blaming themselves, when in reality their body just isn’t responding the same way anymore. It’s not laziness — it’s a mismatch.
  6. @Menopauseweightreset [2 likes]: I Learnt something new today.
  7. @NeptunianDream [2 likes]: Interesting how some women report they gained weight and some don’t. For those who did: what was your lifestyle prior? Softdrinks. Alcohol, bad carbs? 
I really try to understand what’s going on here
  8. @coin2939 [2 likes]: Remove stressful ppl in/around your life…. First thing to do is seriously need to leave my husband for good.  Pray for me.
  9. @anabrandaris5655 [1 likes]: I achieved my weight loss goal 2 years post menopause with a lot of effort and now my Doctor prescribes HRT but I am afraid it will make me gain the weight I lost 😢
  10. @user-wr7dp2bo5y [1 likes]: Androgens increasing also cause acne in some cases. I’m lean, very low body fat bc I train and eat right and always did but menopausal acne stinks!
  11. @Immaculate_he4rt [1 likes]: The problem with fasting through the evening and night is that I can’t sleep if my stomach is growling
  12. @winechick6 [1 likes]: I hit menopause at 50 and Immediately gained 20 lbs.  Within 3 months, it was gone (I've never had weight issues) I will be 61 later this year, and I have the same body I had at 20. I eat what I want, when I want. Sometimes I don't eat all day, sometimes I eat ALL day. I drink red wine everyday and chug a huge glass of chocolate milk before bed every single night. I love strength training, but I'm not always consistent 🦾
  13. @ThePhantomEditor-f9x [1 likes]: Diet advice online is noisy—Healix AI cuts through it with data.
  14. @adalineproulx9773: The stronger your legs the lower your risk for dementia.
  15. @adalineproulx9773: My fav doctor!!🥰
  16. @DanaPAH: You mentioned gaining a belly?   Some men do go through things like hot flashes, night sweats, weight gain, etc, as their testosterone gets lower as they age.
  17. @ZafarIqbal-e8z8f: “Struggling with stubborn weight after 55? Learn why on our channel now!”
  18. @bekahe4433: What if I only have a couple of arm weights? Every second day I lift ten pounds each arm for about 20 minutes after a short cardio, I also do squats, some planks and tons of stetching. Is that enough to increase muscle?
  19. @heidirexin5141: Adequate protein. Strength train, heavy. Prioritize sleep. Don't eat crap. My body composition has changed tremendously. I look good naked, which I didn't. Clothes fit better. Scale says the same, no weight gain or loss. I'm 65. On HRT.
  20. @ErinMorgan-o1d: I love you, Dr. Rajani, but I can’t stop eating at 2:00! I have to be satisfied but not stuffed or when it’s time for bed, I’ll literally be up suffering all night.

- Lose Belly Fat Easily Over 50: Kind: captions Language: en Can you really lose weight and have a flat belly after the age of 50 without the use of any injections? Spoiler alert, yes, you can. I'm going to show you exactly what I eat in a day to stay slim, trim, and feeling fabulous. Now, the first thing that I have when I wake up are my electrolytes. I just use filtered water. Electrolytes really help with dehydration. They replenish magnesium, sodium, and potassium, too. I'll whiz it up and get my day started. Once I've had my electrolytes and rehydrated my body, I like to stretch. I just do a few simple yoga moves. It's so wonderful to be able to stretch the body and move the body before you do anything else. So, that's all done. What about the caffeine? So, my hot drink in the morning is matcha. I used to adore coffee and then I hit my 50s and I couldn't really tolerate it. It made me feel angsty. It gave me kind of jitters and I noticed that the effects of coffee would stay with me the whole day. Matcha gives me all of the clarity, the uplift, the energy without any of the downsides of coffee. Now, I only have one or two cups a day and then I will have a decaf tea in the afternoon. So, I follow a method of eating called intermittent fasting. You probably have heard about it. My method that I followed for 10 years means that I stop eating around about 78 p.m. and then I have my breakfast around about 11 a.m. Now breakfast literally means breaking fast. Now in that time, that 8 hour window, I'm going to have my breakfast, my lunch, my dinner, and a few snacks. I never ever feel restricted. And when I'm not eating the fasting part, I'm asleep for most of it or busy with my morning chores and doing a little bit of work. Now, I tend to eat low carb and I've cut out most processed sugars from my diet. It's not easy, but oh my goodness, is it worth it. My carbs come from berries, fruit, veg. They're not refined carbs. They're complex carbs that actually are slowreleasing and work to make me feel full and I feel energized. And of course, I prioritize protein. All of the things that we're told are good for us. Well, yeah, that's true. And it's really going to help maintain a flatter belly, help you lose weight, and get rid of that visceral fat. I've got a cup of the green stuff, and it's time to do a little bit of work. Work's done. It's time for breakfast. Now, breakfast is the most important meal of the day, and at 11:00, I like to make sure I eat my protein. Protein rich. Today, we're having scrambled eggs, but with a difference. So, I'm going to have scrambled egg, but with some cottage cheese. Now, this is something that I've had a couple of times, and I love it. I'm also going to have half an avocado, couple of cherry tomatoes. Oh, there's my eggs. And I'm going to have some spinach. So, I am getting a good amount of protein, good fats, some fiber, and some healthy carbohydrates. Now, I'm using free range farm fresh, beautiful eggs, mediumsiz eggs. Now, I'm going to pop in some cottage cheese. I'm just going to pop in a good healthy dollop, a big tablespoon. Nothing fancy about this. It's just a really delicious way to make super fluffy scrambled eggs. Now, let's not forget a good helping of salt and pepper. And now that's ready to go into the pan. I'm not really bothered about it looking too decorative, so I'm just going to chop up my avocado. I've got my tomatoes ready and my spinach. I'm just waiting for my eggs. So, there they are, ready to go. They look and smell absolutely delicious. I'm just going to park those there onto my plate and get every little scrap because breakfast is so important. And there you have it. Look at that for a breakfast. I absolutely can't wait to eat this. It smells incredible. Great fats, great proteins, really good minerals and vitamins, all from this beautiful fresh breakfast. Look, if you think you're going to be hungry after that breakfast, I promise you, you won't be. However, around about 1:30, 2:00, I do get a bit peckish and I make myself the most incredible proteinrich smoothie. So, I am ready for this shake and it is such great fuel for the rest of my day. So, I am just popping my strawberries in. I'm going to be quite generous with these strawberries cuz they are a little bit overripe and well it would be a crime to throw them away. I'm going to get a handful of blueberries. Throw those in there and add around about 200 mls of milk. Around about 200 ms. And then the powders. Did you notice that it says mom? That's because I am in a house full of boys and my sons will pinch my protein powder if they could. So, I put my name on it. One scoop of that will give me 25 g of protein. There's 110 calories in that. But obviously, you have to take into account the other bits that we're putting in. So, the fruit and the milk. But the fruit, remember, although it is a fruit, you're going to find that it's low carb because it is full of fiber. Now, one scoop of the collagen as well. Now, the creatine, I'm just going to go and do a normal amount, which is just two of the scoops that come in this little uh pouch here. That's one. And that's two. Right, we're ready to whiz it all together. Now, there's plenty for somebody else if there's anybody else in the house, but I'm not sharing today. Cheers. So, it's about 10 4 in the afternoon. I am feeling a little bit peckish. I'm folding laundry and thinking, hm, what can I have as a snack? Well, I'm going to share with you exactly what I have on hand if I am feeling a bit peckish. I always have some nuts. These are unsalted. They don't have any fats. They are no seed oils. Really good for you. So, things like walnuts, almonds, Brazil nuts. They're really good as a treat. But be careful, of course, because they are calorific. I've always got nuts on hand. You could say I'm a bit of a squirrel. I also have my lifesaver. I did a video on these the other day. These are my chocolate fudgy balls. Low carb, low calorie, and so delicious. Really satisfying. They really hit the spot when you've got that sweet chocolate craving. And they won't derail your weight loss, your fat loss, or your macros. So, if you are counting macros, your carbs, your calories, then these are the treat for you. Okay, I've done my workout. Now it's time to go and get a shower and start making dinner. So, it's been a super busy day. Very productive. It's dinner time, my favorite part of the day. So, I'm going to have a whopper of a chicken breast that's going to pack in all of my protein. So, I'm hitting the protein goals. I'm also going to have some chopped mushrooms. So, I'm just going to pan fry those, saute those, and some steamed veg, which I have got ready here. So, broccoli and carrots. That's it. Super easy, super simple, super nutritious dinner. And that's my dinner. Absolutely packed with protein with the chicken breast. I've got my great carbohydrates coming from my broccoli and my carrots. Packed with good nutrients. I can't wait to tuck in. Smooth out your cellulite. Now I use it on my legs just like this. It's not hard. I go up and down. Is really a fabulous tool. Well, it's 5 to 7. I'm settling in for the evening. And my day wouldn't be complete without a sweet treat. In this bowl, I've got Greek yogurt, strawberries, blueberries, and some decadent dark chocolate. I do hope you enjoyed today's video. Remember to like, subscribe, and share with your girlfriends. And I'll see you on the next one. Bye for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SallyAtkins [5 likes]: Ladies, if you’re over 50 and struggling with stubborn belly fat, YOU are not alone. This video shows exactly what I eat in a day to stay slim, energized, and confident at 56 💪💃
👉 Question for you: Have you ever tried intermittent fasting or low carb? Did it work for you, or are you just getting started?
Drop your answer below ⬇️ — I read and reply to as many comments as I can ❤️
  2. @bobbyjarvis3699 [3 likes]: I like tried the scrambled egg with cottage cheese, love it, im on moujaro and struggling with eating anything so  it's my protein go-to, i like the shakes and chocolate balls to 😊
  3. @nicholacarr8429 [2 likes]: I have been eating scrambled eggs with cottage cheese so I will add the spinach and tomatoes!  Unfortunately, I don’t like avocados and I am allergic to nuts!
  4. @6kidsand8cupsofcoffee [2 likes]: You are my new go to guru!!!! From across the pond!
  5. @TheCallyjean [2 likes]: Mmmm … yummy easy meals - thanks for sharing
  6. @Jo1969 [2 likes]: Thanks Sally - this routine is so doable! Made your chocolate balls last week - delicious! 😋
  7. @lesleyhidden2620 [2 likes]: Brilliant Sally thank you so much!  I’m Loving my wobble board!  It’s such fun I don’t mind using it every single day.  Will get some protein powder too I think as I love a smoothie. Very easy meals to make too. I very often have scrambled eggs for breakfast (or porridge) so can deffo do that. Thank you. ❤
  8. @deewgordon [1 likes]: Great video. But, I NEED to know what you're wearing. LOL. Love your top. 🥰
  9. @elenarichards9692 [1 likes]: I’ve lost my few extra pounds by throwing out the granola and low fat cheese, they were my downfall.
I now have hot water and lemon to start my day around 8am but still have my 3 cups of coffee before 2 o’clock.  I drink lots of tonic water and keep sliced lemons and limes in the freezer which I add.
I have a yoghurt around 12.30 with berries and an apple or other fruit, never grapes ( little bags of sugar) I then around 3,30 have a salad of cucumbers tomatoes peppers (sometimes add prawns) squeeze of lemon .
I’m pescatarian so dinner is steamed fish with veg and or salad followed by a treat which is a twister ice lol 45 cals, oh and those tiny boxes of raisins during the day occasionally.
I always take 2 BLOATBURN CAPSULES after my final meal which is before 7 pm and that’s it other than tonic .
BLOATBURN has stopped all my cravings for chocolate and snacking after dinner. 
I have the odd g&t if I’m out but not often.
I have also started BETTER ME Pilates programme which I love , I’m now into my second month of that and have toned up so much.
I’ve always weighed around 8-2 stone  but with menopause (I definitely blame that) I went up to 8’10 
I’m back to my 8 stone now.
Hope that helps other ladies out there. ❤
  10. @Nilceia-n9g: New sub here, from Boston
  11. @vanille7163: Hello so you’re not eating any carbs like rice pasta quinoa potatoes or sweet potatoes … just vegetables ? How about leguminous ?
  12. @maryviana2907: Hi. Just discovered your channel.  😍 LOVE IT!!!
  13. @ourfreedom2002: Read Harvey Diamonds books or audible " Fit for Life" to change the way we eat.....food combination and fruit til noon.....no breakfast, etc.
  14. @Skinnychelle48: New sub, love ur channel!
  15. @FindingSofiaa: Every time I need to get back on track I eat breakfast at 7-7.30 am, lunch around noon and then only water or tea without any milk or sugar or anything. That works the best for me. This method is so easy for me. I am aming for Autophagy, and fasting around 18 hours each time. Fasting gives cells time to repair and recycle damaged components. This may reduce the risk of age-related diseases.
  16. @sakshisharma6768: 😍
  17. @sharonwaters2994: Great video Sally thank you. We have bought the wobble board but not as good on it as you. Have a great day
  18. @SophieFenton-pe4nd: Great video
  19. @heatherpomerenke8684: Do you have a matcha recommendation?
  20. @lesleyhidden2620: Do you add milk to your Matcha Sally?

- Menopause Belly Fat Diet Plan| Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en in today's video i'm going to share six tips that you can use to help you lose your menopause belly whether you're a woman in your 50s or even in your 40s struggling to lose menopause weight gain if you're new here my name is shirley and i am a nutritional therapist with a three-year diploma in nutritional therapy and on this channel i share videos to help you manage menopause symptoms through your diet and lifestyle so tip number one when it comes to losing your menopause belly is to stop calorie counting so it can be really easy to think that when we cut back on our calorie intake that we're going to lose weight and although initially you are going to lose weight to begin with eventually your weight loss is going to plateau and that is because when you're cutting back on your calories too much your body is going to go into starvation mode and your weight loss is going to store or to stop the other thing that we have to think about when we're talking about counting calories or reducing our calories is the type of foods that we're eating so for example 100 calories of a biscuit or a piece of cake probably isn't a lot whereas 100 calories of broccoli will probably give you a lot more in terms of volume and they also contain vitamins minerals fiber and other compounds that may support you through perimenopause menopause or post menopause the foods that you choose to eat should really make you feel good and i'm not talking about making you feel good at the time that you're eating it but making you feel good in the long term to be able to lose your menopause belly or weight gain in a healthy sustainable way ideally you should have 500 calories less per day and that way it's a lot more sustainable than going full out and reducing your calories to 800 calories per day which really is not sustainable and your either and are really gorging on food when you do get the chance to eat or you may just give up and start eating what you want anyway so tip number two is to replace high carbohydrate foods with mostly vegetables although eating high carbohydrate foods such as pasta bread rice potatoes and all those sort of foods is really nice at the time and it makes you feel really comforted and full and satisfied unfortunately those types of food raise your blood sugar levels too high and because our body can only handle around a teaspoon of sugar at a time our body will then need to release a hormone called insulin to bring the blood sugar level back down from perimenopause onwards our body tend to deposit our fat stores around our belly and it makes it a lot harder because of all those fluctuating hormones so by replacing high carbohydrate foods with low starch vegetables such as broccoli kale cabbage cauliflower pak choy nuts and seeds you can also use legumes such as your lentils your peas your beans olives and olive oil you may find that you will start losing your menopause belly in a nice gradual and healthy sustainable way the fiber in these foods also trigger the hormone leptin it's basically the hormone that tells us that we're full and we're satisfied and we've had enough food and because the fiber release their energy slowly there's less likely to be any sharp insulin rises which means that you're less likely to put on weight which will help you with losing your menopause belly the fiber will also feed the beneficial bacteria in your gut these beneficial bacteria produce short chain fatty acids to help support weight loss if you're getting benefit from the information i've shared so far i'd love you to hit the like button so youtube knows to share this video with other women who may benefit from the information i share here and if you'd like to see more videos from me and this channel consider subscribing and hitting the bell icon so you'll get notified when i've uploaded another video so tip number three when it comes to losing your menopause belly is to add more protein in your diet one of the things that estrogen supports is our muscle mass and as our estrogen levels drop from perimenopause onwards that can speed up our muscle loss the less muscle we have the more our blood sugar levels go up the more insulin our body releases to keep our blood sugar levels within that normal level and unfortunately that's one reason why we put on weights in perimenopause and menopause and beyond a lot easier so hormone imbalances such as progesterone estrogen and testosterone affects the levels of serotonin in our brain it's now well known that people or individuals who are low in serotonin are more likely to binge eat have issues with blood sugar balance such as insulin resistance and are more likely to put on weight and this is because our body is trying to get serotonin back up into our brain so by adding more proteins in our diet we're providing our body with the amino acid not just to keep our muscle mass but also to create more muscle from the proteins or the amino acids that we're adding into our diet and one of the most important things when it comes to protein is providing a source of tryptophan so tryptophan is actually the amino acid that helps us to create serotonin on our body so although 95 percent of our serotonin is made in a gut through the beneficial bacteria creating the short chain fatty acids serotonin has a different role within our brain and another system and that is to suppress our appetite so good sources of tryptophan are chicken turkey beef pork tofu soy beans milk pumpkin seeds and eggs it's really important that our diet also has sources of magnesium zinc and vitamin b6 which helps tryptophan to convert into serotonin so having proteins with fiber rich slow releasing carbohydrate foods such as vegetables is a good combination when it comes to supporting your menopause belly and that's why i have lots of salad or other vegetables with say fish for my lunches and again in a similar way i'll have more cruciferous vegetables for my evening meals so tip number four when it comes to losing your menopause belly is to add more healthy fats in your diet so this is your avocado fatty fish nuts and seeds olives and olive oil and coconut oil having healthy fats as well as the protein and the fiber-rich foods from vegetables will help to keep our blood sugar levels stable and what's more adding these healthy fats is needed to support the production and the balance of our female hormones and while we're on the subject of fats it's really important that we do avoid fats in processed foods and also fats that has been treated to higher temperatures namely to keep the shelf life of those foods from going off now i've talked more about the benefits of adding more healthy fats in this video and i'll put the card up on the r i icon above so once you've watched this video go and check that out to see how healthy fats can benefit you at parent menopause menopause and beyond so tip number five when it comes to losing your menopause belly is to stop eating low fat diet or processed foods to make these foods palatable they have to add lots of sugar so even though these foods may be using sugar alternatives as a way to reduce your sugar intake these types of foods can actually help to put on weight because they change the balance of your gut bacteria to feed those bacteria that actually support you to put on weight the way these foods have been processed as well as being cooked at high temperatures having added sugar and having added salt and preservative changes the structures of your cells creating a state of chronic inflammation which will only make your weight gain even worse so when it comes to avoiding processed low calorie or diet foods it's really important that you try to plan your meals that way you know what you're going to eat and either take your meals to work with you or if you've got your meals prepared for the evening that reduces the reliance on processed foods so tip number six when it comes to losing your menopause belly is to balance exercise with relaxation from perimenopause onwards the fluctuating levels of estrogen progesterone and testosterone creates so many changes in our body so having to deal with cold and hot flushes mood issues irritability anger not really knowing what's going in in our body demands from our family our partner our job only getting a few hours of sleep if you get any sleep at all fatigue migraines aches and pains or any other symptoms that you may be getting at menopause all these creates a stress in and then add on the pressures of weight gain and you may be going to the gym several times a week or going out for a run or doing so many physical activities just to lose that weight but the problem with this is that leaves us under constant stress 24 7 and when our body is on the constant stress it releases a hormone called cortisol and cortisol increases our cravings for something sweet or carbohydrate foods and i'm sure you've noticed it that when you've had very little sleep i know i have but i crave more carbs in terms of rice pasta or all those gooey comforting foods our body and our brains first goatee source of energy is always going to be sugar or glucose just to keep going so what can we do having more protein lots of fiber-rich slow-releasing carbohydrates such as those from vegetables and having lots of healthy fats in our diet to reduce the fluctuations in our blood sugar levels that makes us crave those sugary foods so if you're one of these women who's exercising every day it may be time to slow that down a little bit instead of going for a run every day or instead of going to the gym every day it may be worth slowing it all down and just going for two to three days a week and instead working with resistance or weight bearing exercise and when you do this you're building muscle and muscle helps to stabilize blood sugar levels which means that your body only needs small amounts of insulin to get the energy into your muscles and there's less sharp rices and insulin which then pushes that energy to be stored as fat instead of being used as fuel i only actually do two to three days per week of exercise so i tend to do 8 to 10k two or three times a week i will walk for the first two kilometers and then i'll walk run so i'll run as long as i can and then i'll stop and then i'll run again as long as i can and then i'll stop i would do that for about two to three kilometers of the total length of the 10k and for the rest of the time once i've hit about the 6k mark i'll walk back home it helps me to calm my system back down it helps me to enjoy the scenery of the countryside in that way it will help to reduce the cortisol that i've used up or i've generated from the run that i've done i only do that two or three days a week and i've found that that has been really effective when it comes to me losing my menopause belly that might not work for you you may be in a different situation you might not be able to go for a run in which case it might be worth just starting off with doing a walk around your block or going for a walk for half an hour and build up from there or a different activity such as zumba or dancing and you can build up and see how you go build up your stamina build up your strength and maybe that's enough for you to start losing weight the important thing when it comes to exercise is to reduce the cortisol rises hips high intensity interval training is meant to be really good because you work really hard for a few minutes and then stop work really hard for a few minutes and then stop and that way you can get your exercise done in a short period of time and you're not having to raise your cortisol levels are for too long or too often so maybe hit exercise may work for you of course we need to balance all this exercise with more calming activities whether you're reading a book having a bath doing something creative going for a walk just to enjoy the scenery yoga meditation spending time with your loved ones another way that might help you when it comes to relaxation is to try some journaling and by writing things down on a notepad or maybe you want a nice looking journal it really helps to get your thoughts down and your stress that you're feeling write it down on paper and by having that space between your thoughts and what you've written down it may give you enough support to relax you and to know that you can actually offload what you're thinking onto paper without having to find someone to understand how you're feeling so for me i do find journaling really helpful when it comes to releasing all those emotions and confusing thoughts that's going on in my head if you are worried about any of your symptoms or your moods or emotions or whatever is going on with yourself whether you're in perimenopause menopause or post menopause it really is important just to go and see your doctor to make sure that you are getting the help that you need if one of your menopause symptoms is to do with anxiety check out this video on how magnesium rich foods can help you and if you want to try magnesium supplements i share information on four supplements that you can try to help with your menopause symptoms

  Top Comments:
  1. @SangeetMusicArts [1 likes]: I am trying to eat more broccoli, cauliflower, Brussel sprouts, etc.. To decrease meno belly. It's slow but it's working
  2. @samira1517 [1 likes]: This video is much needed! Thank you!
  3. @SangeetMusicArts: Thank u. I will add pumpkin seeds to my diet
  4. @SangeetMusicArts: And also peas
  5. @SangeetMusicArts: Very useful
  6. @sunnybremer9413: Hey there everybody I’ve spent the past two years by going to my Endo doctor my Ghino doctor my oncologist to see why I’ve gained 40 to 60 pounds mostly in my bra and midsection and literally just last week I went to a weight-loss center to see if they provided any new information and the nurse practitioner informed me I have low testosterone. besides a testosterone booster or is there specifically a plan I should follow or just not count or Paleo or I’m just so confused because I’ve been counting calories with nutritionist since I was 20 and now I’m 42 and unfortunately I had my mom and three great aunts passed from ovarian cancer so I’ve had to make sure my health is in check regarding hereditary illnesses so please let me know if there’s a suggestion or information that you can provide that I can look into to help me out please
  7. @RyanAshleyW: Thanks for this info! It’s so well needed!
  8. @fitfreedom: Fantastic information as always and explained so well. It's so important for us to be well informed of what is actually going on in our bodies in this stage of life. Thanks for sharing and hope you're well.
-Liv x

- How to Make Weight Loss Easier After Menopause/Perimenopause: Kind: captions Language: en as a 51 year old woman I understand that menopause changes things and while it doesn't prevent fat loss it does require a unique strategy in this video I will discuss how fat storage changes as we move into menopause and how to work around those changes to make weight loss easier to get some insights for this video I asked members of my coaching program who are at or near menopause to answer two questions the first one was what is it about menopause that has made weight loss more challenging and the second was what have you found to be effective for weight loss during this time of life and there were a few recurring themes when it came to the challenges and at the top of the list was an increase in belly fat even in women who did not easily gain fat around their midsection earlier in life and I also heard from members who remarked that they experienced an increase in sugar cravings around the onset of menopause and Beyond and when we think about the physiology of the body as it is going through menopause both of these challenges make sense because of two hormones and the first one is estrogen it has been well documented that as the ovaries make less less estrogen fat gets redistributed to your abdominal area so when a postmenopausal woman gains weight that weight gain is most likely belly fat and it's not really clear why this happens but as far as overall weight gain after menopause we do see that when estrogen is suppressed a woman experiences a slowdown of her resting metabolic rate which of course can be a contributing factor and we also know that while the ovaries are the biggest producers of estrogen the fat cells are a secondary source so after menopause your ovaries no longer produce enough estrogen so it is possible that the body looks at the addition of fat as a way to regain some of its loss estrogen so outside of hormone replacement therapy it is a reality that after the age of 50 women have a natural tendency to put on belly fat however this belly fat and weight gain do not have to be a reality if we control another important hormone called insulin regardless of your age insulin is the hormone that has the most influence over whether your body will store fat and that fact is why I often refer to insulin as your fat storing hormone so when you eat a meal it is insulins job to move the nutrients that you consumed into your cells where they can either be burned immediately as energy or stored for later use in places like your muscles or fat cells when we were young and active our cells were very sensitive to insulin so every time insulin would drop off nutrients our cells would gladly receive them and use them but as we age ourselves become less sensitive to insulin so when insulin brings the nutrients to the cell the cell resists insulins attempt to drop it off and that is referred to as insulin resistance insulin resistance is a very common problem has two important consequences cravings and weight gain cravings for carbohydrates increased because the cells are not taking in the energy they need so your body determines that there is a need for more energy to be eaten carbs are the quickest form of food energy so they are what to you crave right the cookies cakes and candies breads pastas those types of foods weight gain increases with insulin resistance because you end up with too much insulin in your system and this happens because your cells are not responding to insulin so your pancreas pumps out more of it and in an attempt to kind of force the cells to open and that chronically high insulin encourages fat storage and insulin resistance is not just an age-related issue it is made worse by increased belly fat which is a result of lower estrogen as well as other factors like poor sleep which can be a consequence of menopause and of course other lifestyle factors are going to factor in like a long history eating a high refined carbs I at lack of exercise and chronic stress which produces more cortisol and contributes to belly fat and so what we see is that menopause has the potential to create the perfect storm of weight gain so to make weight loss easier after menopause we need to disrupt the cycle and we do that by targeting the things we can control now we're not going to turn back time and naturally rejuvenate our estrogen output but we can work with our bodies to allow them to use estrogen more efficiently and lessen the impact of insulin resistance and that starts with a diet that is high in healthy fats all of your cells are surrounded by a fatty cell membrane so making sure that your diet includes healthy fats and excludes unhealthy fats is important for the health of your cell membranes and therefore the healthy cell membranes allow for the transport of hormones into your cells which is where they do their work and I can mention as well that the addition of healthy fats will also help with hunger satiety so cravings are decreased now I have a video on healthy and unhealthy fats but essentially the whole fats we get from nuts seeds avocados fatty fish and high quality meats provide beneficial fats and the fats to stay away from in my opinion are vegetable oils like soybean oil that is so common in processed and fried foods nowadays to more effective ways you can overcome weight loss resistance after menopause are to utilize a low carb diet and intermittent fasting and these strategies allow you to work around insulin resistance because they naturally decrease your body's need for insulin carbohydrates particularly sugar and refined carbs like muffins and sandwich breads and pastas caused a spike in insulin which puts your body in that fat storing mode that we talked about earlier so avoiding sugar and refined car allows your insulin levels to remain steady which gives your body a chance to release fat intermittent fasting is a simple strategy that involves shortening the number of hours you eat during the day I have a video on intermittent fasting and women over 50 that you might want to watch for some more information but the basic premise of intermittent fasting is simply eating all of your calories for the day in a shorter eating window so instead of grazing from early morning to late evening you might not start eating until 11 a.m. and then stop by 7:00 p.m. so the basics of how to include following a high fat low carb diet and practicing intermittent fasting for at least a few days out of the week and when you have those Basics in place you start to see a snowball effect happening in the opposite direction so your body is more apt to burn fat rather than to store it for instance we know from dr. Sachin pandas work on circadian rhythm that limiting late-night eating which naturally comes when you practice intermittent fasting is an effective way to help with sleep quality because your body is able to complete digestion before you go to bed better sleep quality brings more energy which makes you more active and more able to cope with stress and these things all work together and the changes can be seen quite quickly so while I acknowledge that menopause throws us some curveballs there are ways to make weight loss easier if you're looking for a guide my coaching program has low carb high fat menus worked out for you so there is no guesswork and it shows you how to incorporate intermittent fasting for better results and of course you can also join in the discussion with members of the program that are your age and share your journey so if you are interested in the program I will leave links here for you thanks for watching please subscribe to my You Tube channel and I will be back soon with another video to help you reach your goal thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichelleBlackChannel [8 likes]: This is such a helpful video — I wish more women knew how layered this really is. I lost 20 lbs during perimenopause and have kept it off for over 15 years, but only after I realized it’s not just about calories or workouts… it’s about why your body isn’t responding anymore.

I’ve been sharing that full story on my channel — what finally worked after nothing else did. If you’ve been feeling like your body’s fighting you, you’re not crazy. You just haven’t been given the full picture. 💛
  2. @beckygillaspy [3 likes]: Dr. Becky’s Freedom Health Weight Loss Program: https://drbeckyfitness.com/weight-loss-coaching-program-fhp-2/
  3. @betaren21 [1 likes]: My biggest challenge has been disrupted sleep. It makes it harder to make good food and drink choices, and it lowers my energy for exercise.
  4. @CassyExploring [1 likes]: Not eating late does not work for me. I need to eat well about 1h before going to bed, otherwise I get hungry in the middle of the night (woken by a need to pee, by mosquitoes or by my baby boy) and then can’t go back to sleep until I eat something at 3AM. Not eating before bed works for people who are sure that nothing would wake them up. But often there is something - snoring partner, motorcycle driving past your window at 1AM etc and then you’re hungry and impossible to sleep.
  5. @donnacampbell6345 [1 likes]: Losing weight after menopause is exactly the same as before. It’s just an excuse to say it’s so much harder etc. it’s always hard to change poor eating habits and to move more and it takes discipline but it’s still the same process.
  6. @michellepatchen5565: I'm 10 years into menopause. I did not take the hormone therapy so I've only been able to lose  25 pounds of the 50 pounds I've put on, but I'm still working out every day and I do take apple cider, vinegar capsules 3 times daily and interment fast. I still have 25 pounds to go. 🎉
  7. @samiliaa1531: Any advice for night shift workers?
  8. @OTseven: 😊😊😊😊😮😮😮😮🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  9. @annealmasni3954: I noticed during Ramadan that my husband and I would fast exactly the same and eat exactly the same and he would lose 20lbs and I would lose 3lbs 😂
  10. @Pebbles137: This information was very easy to listen to and understand.
  11. @Li_ShuWei: I thought it was the opposite way of weight loss from the title: losing weight.
  12. @ahoritaHOY: I have osteoporosis so I'm not a good candidate for I.F. Nonetheless, thank you for all of this good info! :D
  13. @Amy-n3p7d: Start on high fat carnivore diet. I do it and I have lost all my excess weight. And don’t consume diary. And take iodine and you’ll be fine.
  14. @JRspeaking: I normally wouldn't listen to anything a chiropractor has to say, but I appreciate your clear take on this subject.
  15. @pattyallen7634: Iam 67 was 169 now 144 but stuck and had mini stroke and one bad stroke so i do chair exerise but iam disabled stuck at weight i need to lost 26 more pounds please help ty
  16. @bcat6206: Keep hearing rat low carb but no one tells us what that looks like..how many carbs?
  17. @atiyausmani20: Thank you loved it
  18. @MichelleBlackChannel: Thank you for this video, Dr. Becky! I've often heard that women in menopause have to work twice as hard to see the same results as before. Do you think there’s a specific combination of lifestyle changes (like exercise type, timing of meals, or particular nutrients) that makes the biggest impact for women in menopause, or does it really vary from person to person?
  19. @SINKARATE: BLOOD STOPS AND WEIGHT GAIN ? Belly fat what about lithium amd 144.000 during menopause when a woman becomes a man 

I just seen a man with a vagina 

Wow 

Who's the man 

Iam
  20. @SINKARATE: Dr ?  Lol scientist

- Why Women Can't Lose Belly Fat After Menopause: Kind: captions Language: en I'd like to talk about why women can't seem to lose belly fat after menopause I'm not just going to talk about that I'm also going to talk about what to do about it as well so what is going on with this menopause thing well all these changes all stem because of this one change that happens in the body the ovaries go in retirement they're no longer going to be producing or releasing eggs now the ovary doesn't just make eggs it also makes hor hormones so what's going to happen as we go through menopause is we're not going to have the eggs we're not going to have the the quantity of hormones but normally what's supposed to happen is the adrenal glands which are the backup are supposed to kick in the adrenal glands make all of the hormones that the ovaries make and if the adrenal glands are strong and stable going in the menopause usually there's very little symptoms if any at all so it's not really normal to have hot flashes it's not normal to have any symptoms going through menopause unless there's a problem with the adrenal glands but there's a bit more to this okay so yes it's true that estrogen drops but you're also going to get uh a more significant drop in progesterone so the ratios of estrogen progesterone it actually could make it appear that you have estrogen dominance okay which is not really true it's just the ratios of estrogen to Progesterone and some women start going on hormone repl ment therapy the problem with that is it comes with a lot of side effects okay and complications but I'm not going to get into that right now I want to focus on another thing that happens in the body that gives you a solution to handling this entire problem because naturally the adrenals are supposed to take over and compensate for the missing hormones and no this is not a mistake in nature it all is supposed to work very perfectly so in adrenals we have several things going on we do have an in increase in cortisol that's the stress hormone this could explain why through menopause a woman might feel anxiety uh excessive nervousness difficulty sleeping uh maybe agitated and also an overall low tolerance to stress that has a lot to do with um this part of the nervous system called the autonomic nervous system and that's really what I want to focus on in this video so the autonomic nervous system is basically adapting your body to the environment your body is constantly adapting to temperature different environments and one part of the nervous system called the sympathetic which is the flut fight is increasing certain things to adapt to the stress so let's say for example you exercise right you need higher pulse rate you need higher blood pressure to compensate for the blood flow and then right when you stop that exercise you have another system that kicks in called the parasympathetic and that system is all about calming things down and bringing things back to normal so it's really important to have this balance between the sympathetic and the parasympathetic nervous system what's interesting about menopause is after menopause a woman is usually left with a higher sympathetic nervous system and a much lower parasympathetic nervous system and if they don't know this going into menopause they might focus more on the estrogen problem or maybe they might just start to exercise to really get rid of that belly fat that they're concerned about right and then they might find wow it's not working it's even getting worse in some cases and so they go to one doctor after the next trying to figure this this problem out so the very important thing I want to teach you right now is about focusing more on the parasympathetic nervous system okay so that's your recovery system that is the system that influences your sleep and your ability to recover and all the fat burning occurs in this recovery phase if you're too high in the sympathetic and you don't have enough recovery then you're you're not going to lose this midsection no matter what you do and so there's a lot of emphasis on exercise okay and exercise stimulates the sympathetic nervous system but it does not stimulate that parasympathetic nervous system and so what I'm going to recommend is you shift gears and you start to exercise your parasympathetic it would be like taking water and putting out a fire it calms the sympathetic and that's going to help you reduce cortisol it's going to help you sleep it's going to help you have a midsection that's flat and so how do we train this parasympathetic nervous system well that system is not passive it's active in other words it is actively working to calm you down it's actively working to reset and bring you back to homeostasis which is kind of like a normal balance internally so I guess a good uh way to explain this is that let's say right now you run outside and you run up a hill really fast okay and as you run up the hill the sympathetic nervous system kicks in there and it's pushing up your pulse rate really really high you get your blood pressure really high and you get at the top of the hill and you're huffing and puffing and you were at the peak of your sympathetic nervous system as soon as you stop okay and you do nothing that parasympathetic kicks in actively it's kind of like a wave that is pushing things down it's pushing your pulse rate down it's an active force that is trying to recover you okay and all you have to do is do nothing and let it do its job and so if you were just to wait until your pulse rate is all the way back to normal you would strengthen your parasympathetic but who does that what do people do when they work out they go work out they get their pulse rate really high they let it come down a little bit they rest maybe 30 seconds if that and they do it right back they start exercising and right there you are failing to exercise that recovery system you are developing and training the sympathetic to be really really strong but without enough recovery and so over time you lose the strength and capacity to recover and so your body is ending up just producing cortisol that's creating more belly fat it has a hard time sleeping so I wanted to make a big deal about this uh video to emphasize this one simple point that if you really understand it you can apply it to a lot of different things you need to rest a lot longer between your reps and sets of exercise as well as days of exercise so if you were to do a certain set of let's say 10 reps or a certain time period of exercise what you'd want to do is completely stop and wait for your pulse rate to come all the way down okay before you start another one of those Cycles the same thing goes with your entire workout through a given week you have to make sure you don't overtrain you want to make sure when you exercise you give your body a chance to completely recover and reset and what you're doing when you're recovering is you are strengthening your parasympathetic nervous system I tell you this might sound like a very insignificant subtle thing but in practice it was very very successful I've had people that I've taken them off of working out three times a week and put them on a workout that's just once a week and then they finally start losing weight now on the flip side it doesn't mean you should only focus on on the recovery and do nothing and sleeping all day because it takes this exercise intensity and this stress to make it all work out now the worst type of exercise you could do for your belly is any type of sustained exercise now I'm not talking about like walking or hiking I'm talking about jogging or running or doing marathons or long distance anything sustained of a moderate pulse rate is really bad for cortisol and it's bad for the parasympathetic because of this one principle of waves everything in nature is on a wave you have these circadian rhythms of hormones sleep cycles your heart is on a wave it comes up and down it contracts and relaxes and so this is why like high-intensity interval training is very very good for so many things because you're doing this short high intense exercise with lots of rest so here are some things to focus on start doing short types of exercise with lots of rest don't overtrain don't train over soreness focus on getting more sleep and by doing this it's automatically going to improve your sleeping because you're going to be improving the parasympathetic certain types of body work whether it's caropractor is all going to help omega-3 fatty acids can help as well also the precursor to all of these hormones it's called DHEA really good supplement to take especially through menopause but if you're female I would highly recommend you don't take a lot of it just take what's recommended on the bottle because if you take too much it can start to you know increase more testosterone which you might not want that it's very important to go on low carb intermittent fasting because when you do that you automatically reduce the sympathetic nervous system and you increase the parasympathetics that's some really key nutrients to focus on magnesium choline vitamin B1 vitamin D is also important too certain herbs can be helpful uh that are adaptogens lemon bone a passion flour and ashwagandha are really good so in summary the parasympathetic nervous system restores the sympathetic nervous system which is that fight or flight mechanism now because of the censoring and the suppressing of the algorithms on YouTube it's becoming more difficult to find my content and there's a lot of content that I cannot put on YouTube unfortunately so to make sure you have full access of all all my information go to drberg.com And subscribe to my newsletter by clicking the link Down Below in the description I will see you on the other side if you have not seen my stress webinar that gives you additional techniques I put it up right here check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [25 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @maddhousewife [1 likes]: My hubby gave up bread and soda for 2 wks and lost 20 lbs. Hate him. I would hv to starve for 2 mnts
  3. @kathywimmler453: Sorry, I don’t agree with you. HRT is life-changing, and I’ve had no side effects for seven years. I can’t imagine my life without it!
  4. @sfinx69: I need a break up from my partner, as he's buying all I shouldn't eat 😂
  5. @23patriot: My feet and legs are bad so a lot of exercising I cannot do to get rid of my belly fat. What can I do to get rid of belly fat?
  6. @efadillaefadilla3230: When is the best time to take DHEA?
  7. @marybhie1899: Me sugar I can’t quit my work is to walk and clean that’s why maybe I’m slim plus sometimes I don’t  eat at evening mostly I’m 47 but I feel tired too about my work and my difficulties in life
  8. @easypitsy: I give a LIKE to help its algorithm 😊
  9. @BethanyMcCraney: This makes so much sense
  10. @angelakinney1999: Seems like he has it all figured out. Until he walks in a woman’s shoes and experience menopause, He has nooooooo  clue. Diet, exercise did Not help me much. Wish we can keep our hormones!
  11. @redsharpie6340: Thank you! Your videos and reach are so very helpful!
  12. @lynnecarroll9953: Rebounding on the trampoline short intervals
  13. @SuzanneBlaylock: The ONLY reason women can't lose weight after M is because they eat ice cream, cookies, crackers and processed foods, serve themselves too much at dinner. Oh !  And they don't exercise.  I promise.
  14. @delivefreenana: 2 meals/ day was key for me! I think insulin resistance is the culprit. I only eat veggies, some fruit and a little chicken or beef at brunch and dinner.  I take great supplements and walk a good 2 miles a few times/ week.
  15. @shannonleahy9722: Great info. Thank you. ❤❤
  16. @theiracenterfeba1690: Instinctive training for your own body is effective for athletes who know their own body.
  17. @chinwepat2647: Thanks Doctor.
Intermittent fasting fixed everything for me. I sleep like a baby now.
  18. @lisasaunders4381: Dr. Berg, I have not listened to this video yet, (nor read any other comments). I have to say honestly, that I don't know what you're going to say. So far, I have liked your channel, learned a lot from you, & also agreed with what you've said. I just have to say, it seems a little odd that you as a man talk about women's issues, even though I am quite sure I will learn from you. Just a thought, what do you think about getting a female Dr. you respect "guest star" for these specific topics? Thank you for all you do to make your videos informative as well as teaching about natural healing. ❤
  19. @katc6823: Thank you
  20. @deborahferrell9449: I am 70, I never had any symptoms of menopause except gaining weight in my mid section.

- Menopause Belly Fat is REAL But Not Your REALITY With These 3 Things: Kind: captions Language: en menopause brings hormonal changes that impact how a woman's body stores fat and uses calories as a result many women notice that they gain weight more easily after menopause and that weight gain is mainly around their waist from first-hand experience i can say that these changes are not welcome however it is what it is and while these changes are real they do not have to be your reality in this video i will share three things you can start doing tonight to get rid of menopause belly fat in past videos i've referred to menopause as the perfect storm for weight gain this is because several different issues arise at this time of life most notable is that estrogen levels drop which reduces insulin sensitivity leading to easier weight gain with the drop of estrogen we also see a relative increase in androgen levels in this hormonal imbalance leads to more intense hunger signals and cravings for comfort food those hormonal factors are coupled with a time in life when physical activity and muscle mass are on the decline causing a reduced need for calories so eating the same way we did when we were younger results in fat storage and to add to the factors that can leave you scratching your head you may have found that your weight on the bathroom scale hasn't changed but your clothes don't fit the same way they had in the past while the cause is not fully understood after menopause fat distribution on the body changes the result is that fat is more easily deposited in the belly area than the hips and thighs with or without weight gain so menopause belly fat is a real thing however it does not have to be your reality for the rest of this video we'll go through the three things that will give you the most bang for your buck and the great thing is that you can start doing them tonight one of the most effective and for many most appealing strategies for losing menopause belly fat is to reduce the number of hours that you eat in a day this is referred to as intermittent fasting or time restricted eating it has been found to be a safe practice for postmenopausal women of normal health and it has also been found to be an effective way to reduce belly fat here's how you can start benefiting from intermittent fasting right away note the time that you finish eating dinner tonight and let that time mark the end of your eating for the day when you wake up tomorrow morning postpone breakfast until 14 hours have passed for instance if you finish eating dinner at 7 p.m this evening put off breakfast until 9 a.m tomorrow morning now there's many different fasting schedules that you can follow this schedule is referred to as 14 10 fasting because you are fasting for 14 hours and restricting your calorie intake to the remaining 10 hours of the day and i chose this method for you because a 14 hour fast is manageable and also because this was the fasting routine shown to reduce belly fat in the study that i referred to earlier like the study participants i encourage you to restrict your eating window to 10 hours a day for 12 weeks for full results the second change that you can make to start losing menopause belly fat is to reduce your carbohydrate intake if you remember from the menopause perfect storm scenario one of the weight loss barriers created by lower estrogen levels is reduced insulin sensitivity when your cells are less sensitive insulin levels increase in your blood since insulin is a fat storing hormone when it is high you are storing energy much of which ends up as body fat however the opposite is also true when insulin is low you create an internal environment that favors fat release therefore the way to get around insulin resistance is to lessen insulin's workload you do that by choosing foods that do not spike insulin levels carbohydrates especially refined carbs cause the most significant spike in insulin so they are the ones to limit here's how you can start using low carb eating to your advantage tonight for dinner swap high carb choices like pasta pizza and bread for a meat or fish entree and non-starchy vegetables such as broccoli cauliflower or asparagus this low-carb evening meal will keep insulin levels low you'll then follow that meal with your 14-hour fast because there's no food coming in during those fasting hours insulin remains low keeping your favorable fat burning state going strong even as you sleep when you get comfortable with your low carb dinner you can work on reducing your overall carb intake for the day if you are new to low carb eating start by aiming for no more than 100 grams of carbs per day the third thing that you can do today in fact right now to get your momentum started is figure out why you want to lose weight this is a mental exercise and it's easy to brush these types of things off as unimportant but when you hit on the right reason or that compelling why you take action without it you don't in my freedom program members are given the practical tools like recipes and meal plans that they need to lose weight they are also provided with a section that helps them find their motivation here is one of the exercises that they do and what you can do today grab a tablet and pen have a seat and write down 15 reasons you want to lose weight coming up with 15 is important because you'll find that the first few reasons are those ones that we all have in common for instance i want to be healthier i want my clothes to fit better i want to have more energy those are certainly valid reasons and great quality of life factors but yet despite being factual they don't have that it factor that really motivates you to give you an example i want to share three things one of our members uncovered when she did this exercise she wrote i want to be comfortable having my picture taken i want to stop looking pregnant at 55. i want to be able to sit on plastic lawn furniture without fear these are things that secretly bothered her they weren't things that she wanted to openly share with friends or family but they impacted her happiness when she was able to dig deep and find those hidden why's she found motivation that turned into action when we reach menopause belly fat is an issue that we must address however you can get rid of menopause belly fat by reducing the number of hours you eat reducing your carbohydrate intake and uncovering the hidden whys that compel you to take action if you would like a simple eating strategy to get started i encourage you to download my free zero one two three strategy it has been downloaded more than 80 000 times and comes with a video series that is not available for you here on youtube that i think you'll find inspiring and motivating and you can get those materials by going to dr beckyfitness.com free or following the links on this video please subscribe to my channel before you go by clicking the subscribe button and have a great rest of your day you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Joforyeshua [18 likes]: I do intermittent fasting, low carb and I still have a flabby fat belly 😢
  2. @Pollyanna_Nielsen [7 likes]: Counting calories, exercising every day, and not having alcohol, not smoking or having any type of vice has kept me healthy and my stomach is flat. I am 51 years old. I don't like that many videos, articles, podcasts, etc make it seem like,''You're menopausal, you will have a large belly and there is nothing you can do about it''.  I know I cannot eat as much as I ate in my teens and twenties and I can't skip the gym. That's basically it. I am not perfect, but I am healthy and fit. I hope not every woman who is menopausal feels that they are just going to HAVE to accept having a large fupa. I love knowing that there is something we can do to stay fit.
  3. @alanikeiser [7 likes]: I have tried IF, calorie deficit etc etc… none of that works for me.
What does work (I think! So far) is small meals throughout the day
  4. @beckygillaspy [6 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  5. @pigsinpyjamas9410 [1 likes]: No carbs whilst running is so hard!
  6. @Meg_LT [1 likes]: I eat a whole food plant based diet but i started it 25 years before i hit menopause so i never had a problem with weight gain. Its just hard to gain when you have a high carb low fat low protein diet of whole grains, legumes, veggies, and fruit.
  7. @padmagc7049 [1 likes]: Hello doctor, thank you for very informative video. Is it safe for person with galstones do intermittent fasting?
  8. @julieeskue2235: I’ve tried lose carbs/Keto and I actually gain weight and body fat. My body requires between 70-100 grams of carbs a day. My weight/body fat percentage is definitely better when I add in carbs.
  9. @moonfire41: This is advice I'm going to keep in mind. I have a horrible sweet tooth, especially in my late afternoon slump hours after lunch. Especially for coffee with semi sweet chocolate chunk ice cream I try to only eat once a week. I read especially at our age you shouldn't exceed 9 grams of sugar a day. One scoop of that has over 20! I exercise almost every day but some days I can't because of my work schedule. I hate looking like I'm 5 months pregnant at 60 and having to wear thick pants that suck it in so kids and teenagers don't make fun of me. I caught a little boy mocking me walking with his stomach out and his head leaned back. When I looked at him he straightened up like he hadn't been doing it. I was so angry! I can't look that bad can I? Another kid was asking his mom if I was pregnant and the mom had second hand embarrassment cuz she gave me a sympathetic look and said, "she's probably just pregnant." Then she ushered him away. I've been fighting the battle of the bulge since my late 30s but I gained 30 lbs over the last 20 years. Now I'm 60 and look like a lumpy protruding belly freak with short skinny legs and HATE my body. My waist and back have rolls too. I'm lifting weights at the gym and running 19 laps to get rid of it. Im watching what I eat and avoiding oils and carbs and most sugar. I've lost only about 5 lbs but not giving up. Getting old sucks.
  10. @pattyallen7634: Yes iam 67 and not moble due to stroke so i lost some but i need to lose it
  11. @leanneoud: So all you have said is just ways to be in a calorie deficit. I disagree with reducing carbs. You can be in a calorie deficit with eating carbs. Reducing carbs results in more cravings, unable to stick to a deficit and we hate ourselves again.
  12. @terricunningham6810: this will work well for some but not for me.  I am a non diabetic hypoglycemic.  I have to eat 3 normal meals and 3 snacks. I eat high protein low carb and lots of veggies and 1 fruit. this helps keep my blood sugar at a normal level.
  13. @deeeea281: How can you deal with the craving for food? I could do whatever if I wouldn't crave for food so bad.
  14. @MichelleBlackChannel: This video has got me to thinking.
  15. @mariatsipe2763: Why? Because I feel like I’m 8 months pregnant right now
  16. @mariatsipe2763: 14:10 is not fasting, it’s more like normal eating
  17. @PhoenixRising-p2v: It dorsnt work Ive tried it fasting SUCKS its not sustainable
  18. @fishchick72: Thank you so much. This is helpful & I am going to give your suggestions a try!
  19. @PutalBlak: Mam, that's, mean, only, frombelly,, andthies, gain, waight, and,what, about, upper, side
  20. @creationslandscapedesigns: I definitely have some perimenopausal belly fat. However, I don't have any weight to lose.

- The Fastest & Easiest Way To Get Rid of Menopause Belly Fat: Kind: captions Language: en menopause belly fat doesn't stand a chance against the step-by-step strategies I'm going to tell you about in this video so let's talk about the easiest most effective ways you can get rid of this fast so first of all what is menopause belly fat why is it so bad because the reality is not all body fat is created equal there's a couple different types there's subcutaneous fat that's what we know it's the pinch an inch Fat then there's the hidden fat this is the visceral adapost tissue and there's also intramuscular fat I'm really going to talk about visceral adapost tissue though because that's that fat around your belly that you're like what is going on here where did this come from and this is the worst fat of all because it is strongly linked with a higher risk of all sorts of serious health conditions like type 2 diabetes and heart disease and stroke because it's basically an indic Ator of insulin resistance and inflammation it's this metabolically active fat that really influences insulin and by the way it also has a bunch of receptors for cortisol too so when you have a bunch of fat in your internal organs you will start to become insulin resistant it then messes up your fat burning signaling and overall takes down your metabolism so we got to get a handle on it first let's talk about why it happens and if you noticed that as you started to go into per menopause this started to show up and you thought maybe you were seeing things you're not crazy this is clearly because one of the big risk factors is this low estrogen when estrogen starts to decline not only are we losing muscle which as we know that muscle is really important for insulin sensitivity and that you need estrogen it really helps build muscle but also lower estrogen means higher insulin and higher inflamm so there's one big problem you also heard about insulin resistance two hormones really can drive you to gain more fat or under your waist insulin and cortisol and again there are actually cortisol receptors around in your visceral adapost tissue so it makes it even easier for you to store more fat here and when cortisol's up blood sugar's up and when blood sugar's up then insulin's got to come up so you can see all these things play together and when estrogen drops it makes it harder it's estrogen acts as a counterbalance for cortisol so if estrogen drops it's easier for cortisol to shoot up so that Triad of of low estrogen elevated insulin elevated cortisol is like a triple threat for putting on visceral adapost tissue then you add fuel to the fire by adding in a little bit of wine at night maybe having some Ultra processed foods something high in fructose and then maybe you're doing that at 10:00 at night all that stuff is just compounding the problem so how do you know if you have it you probably are like I know I have it but I really am a big believer in measuring things so that we can track it so let's talk about how you can really see it first off if you do a dexa scan and if you haven't done one please please please please go do a dexa scan I think this is something that we should really be doing in our teens to start with to see our bone mineral density but once we start heading into per menopause at least annually get that dexa done and Bone Minal density is like the least important to me in this because if we're focusing on muscle mass bone mineral density is a lagging indicator of not having enough but the big thing you're going to see from dexa scan is you're going to see not just your skeletal muscle mass and that's super important but you're going to see your body fat but more importantly where that body Fat's located and this is how you can really see that visceral adapost tissue so it's going to tell you how much you have you basically want to make sure that you have 10% of less so your total body fat let's say that you have 30 pounds of body fat you then you'd want to have three pounds or less of visceral adapost tissue here's the reality though you want your visceral adapost tissue to be as close to zero as possible and yes you can get it there now at home you can use a biom pedon scale and they're going to give you a guesstimate of that visceral adapost tissue but truthfully at home the best thing for you to do is a waist measurement and to monitor your waist monitor your waist once a week I love this Bluetooth uh tape measure that I found I will put the information in the show notes on it because basically you can take your waist and your hip measurements and it will report to your phone so once a week do this and this is a great way to really monitor what's going on now that you know that how much you have let's talk about how to release it and the reality is no amount of sit-ups are going to help you here you cannot stop spot reduce it but you can Target going after it and here's what you're going to do first of all move all right you knew I was going to say this activity itself is going to increase your overall calorie spend so that's nice although we know that a bigger indicated the bigger way to really lose fat it's going to always be diet first but I'm going to talk you through what I want you to focus on because there are some things that really Target visceral adapost tissue so first of all moving more throughout the day but really making sure that you're getting your steps in so this was a crazy study that looked at taking 12,000 steps a day now remember 8,000 is sort of your floor for how many steps you want to get in a day okay eight think of 8,000 as your floor more is better more is better so goal of 12,000 would be fabulous so they did a 2019 study that was published in The BMC public health and they looked at how walking 12,000 steps a day could affect your body shape and your metabolic health and they looked at this in obese college students and side note on this I remember when an obese college student was going to be an anomaly and now you look at 40% of the adult population is obese like this something is wrong so they divided these participants into three groups so that one group was just walking 12,000 steps a day another group 3 days a week they added in some intensity into the walking and then there was a third group that like don't change anything and then they used a tracking device a smartwatch and they did this for 8 weeks so first off there was no significant difference in the daily steps between those two walking groups but here's where it gets fun and interesting the group that included that intensity the brisk walking saw notable improvements in their hip size and their visceral fat they also had better levels of good cholesterol lower fasting blood sugar and triglycerides and that is all indicators of insulin sensitivity and the group that was walking only didn't have those changes so what do we what do we do with this information you're wondering first of all let's say 8,000 is our floor more is better 8 what I'd love you to do is start to add some intensity into that how can you do that well I live in Florida so I mean I can I can up my speed but what I do here since I don't have Hills is I throw on a wrecking vest and I love this so much for us because it's such a great thing too for bone mineral density so how about you're doing your walking every day because it's like flossing your teeth it's non-negotiable right and then a couple times a week you throw on a Ruck and vest you start with 10 lbs and you build up from there now I'm going to share another study and this was from the Journal of Sport and Health Science it was March 2024 and this is why I always start before I tell people what I want them to do at the gym I always start with like let's get some walking going going because what this study found was that prolonged daily sitting time was Associated I know this is not a shocker with higher total and trunk fat percentages so trunkal fat visceral adapost tissue while sufficient physical activity was say with lower total body fat and trunk fat percentages and here's what this the real issue was it was the combination of prolong sitting and no physical activity that was associated with the highest total and trunk body fat percentages so the important take away here is that don't think that you can go to the gym 30 minutes a day and then sit for the rest of the day and make this all work and that is why when I'm doing exercise prescription the first thing I do is say let's make sure you're getting in your steps every day then let's add some intensity to the steps and then we're going to talk resistance training and hit but I want to focus on hit here high-intensity interval training because what we know about high-intensity interval training or hit sessions is that they like Target visceral adapost tissue so here was a 2018 metaanalysis it was published in sports medicine it was aimed at evaluating the effectiveness of hit and reducing total body fat along with abdominal visceral adapost tissue and it looked at adults who were either normal weight or they were overweight or obese and what they did was looked at 39 different studies with 617 participants that the average age was about 40 years and 52% were female here's what they found it's so amazing hit significantly lowered total abdominal and visceral fat and The Sweet Spot was hit training somewhere in the 70 to 90% of maximal heart rate and it significantly went after visceral adapost tissue so I'm going to give you a couple ways I love to do hit for this I think that doing just 10 bouts this is 20 minutes of one minute on one minute off so you get get on whatever you like it could be a stair Master a treadmill a an elliptical a bike doesn't matter one minute easy one minute hard one minute easy one minute hard and when I say hard it's hard hard as you can go for that minute it's not a Sprint but that's about 90% another thing that you could do is do more like a to Bata style where you do 20 seconds hard 10 seconds easy 20 seconds hard 10 seconds easy doesn't matter which way you do this you just got to do it and once you've gotten your walking and your hit the other thing that can be helpful here of course is resistance training why because resistance training is going to add muscle and muscle the fastest way to start restoring that insulin sensitivity and remember we've got issues with insulin sensitivity if we've got more of that visceral adapost tissue the other shout out that I like for both hit and resistance training is they can also help improve cortisol remember those things that we had to worry about low estrogen insulin resistance High insulin High cortisol so these all can contribute there all right let's flip over to food and when I think about food I'm always going to say eat protein first you kind of if you've been following me around at all you go she's going to say eat protein first well there's a reason there was a 2003 clinical trial that was published in the Journal of nutrition it looked at how different diets one Higher in protein and lower in carbs compared to a more traditional high carb diet they looked at those for women trying to lose weight and they had 24 women they were age 45 to 56 that's like you know the most challenging time right and they were all overweight so half of the women followed a diet that had 68 grams of protein daily it's kind of the average of what women do and the other half followed a diet that was 125 gam of protein daily now both the diets were matched for C calories and match for fat here's what happened so same amount of calories same amount of fat just the difference was protein and carbs right after 10 weeks the group that was on that higher protein diet lost slightly more weight so they lost 7.53 kg and the other group 6.96 kg so it was like just a little bit more but that's not the cool part the weight loss by the higher protein group was meanly fat while the other group lost some lean muscle okay that is like a news flash that's super important so by increasing basically that double the protein they were able to hold on to their muscle and just lose fat and the low protein group lost muscle and fat now both of them had better cholesterol levels but that higher protein group had big decreases in triglycerides whereas the other one didn't so what does this suggest that increasing your protein intake while cutting back on carbs could be better for losing this visceral adapost tissue not really a news flash so much but this is why I want you to swap out C of your carbs and get that protein think one gram per pound of Target body weight okay eat protein first not only is it going to help here with that visceral adapost tissue but we also know that protein's more thermic so it's going to help burn more calories burns more calories than if you're eating carbs or fat you've got better satiety and you've got better satisfaction you'll get rid of some of those Cravings especially the cravings for fructose or ultra-processed Foods or alcohol here's the reality with those what do we know about fructose fructose can actually start to perturb insulin sensitivity as well and can help you store more fat around your gut and a lot of ultra processed foods what are they they're damaged fats and fructose so we want to watch the fter processed foods which we know have a low thermic effect and are built to make you want more and overeat in fact what we see with people who eat a higher Ultra processed food diet they tend to eat about 500 more calories per day now the other one is alcohol we know alcohol causes more visceral adapost tissue too so just be aware of all of these and swap them swap out the ultra processed foods the higher fructose things like Agave swap those things out for polyphenol Rich high fiber FBS that are going to heal your microbiome now why am I picking on Ultra processed foods so much well Ultra processed food again is associated with eating more right and also increasing your fat fat in fact don't take my word for it there's a randomized control trial in the journal of clinical nutrition that talked about Ultra processed food so this study looked at the contribution of ultra processed foods in visceral fat deposition and other posy markers so they had 1485 Spanish men and women they were aged 55 to 75 and they did body comp measurements and they also did a fruit food frequency questionnaire now I will tell you those are like kind of lame they did this at the beginning six months and 12 months most people if you ask them what they at yesterday they can't really remember or they have selective memory but it's the best we got so here's what they found from this so they catery the food by the degree of processing and they also looked at fat fat they looked at what's called Android to gynoid Fat so really are you more apple or more pear-shaped and then total body fat and what they found was that at Baseline there was an average intake of 8% at ultr processed food and that when they increased their Ultra processed food by 10% they had more visceral adapost tissue and more overall fat and then again of course we also know as I mentioned earlier that when you me Al processed food you tend to eat more in fact what the research shows is that we tend to eat about 500 calories more a day and it alter processed food has a lower thermic effect so that's problematic now one more piece to this puzzle is hydration and hydration is interesting because even being mildly dehydrated like 1% hydration which we know we can't tell if we're dehydrated like by the time you're thirsty you're dehydrated little bits of dehydration actually raise cortisol remember cortisol is one of those things that makes you store more fat around your waistline and can slow your metabolism down a bit turns out we have something that I learned from Dr Rick Johnson called a fructose switch which means if you're mildly dehydrated your body frees up glycogen that's carbohydrates that have been stored in your liver freeze them up converts them to fructose and then stores them as fat so that you will have fat there and you'll be able to use it in times of severe dehydration to release water because when you burn fat you release water it's called the fructose switch so mild dehydration not much can do this so make sure you're staying well hydrated and that's another big benefit of a biom pedan scale is it's looking at total body water it will tell you if you're dehydrated so I talked about tracking with that the other thing that I want you to do is just track your overall food and if you are not dropping that body fat consider doing a little caloric restriction and possibly some intermittent fasting and here's how I like to do this first thing I have you do is track what you're eating making sure you're optimizing your protein you're getting in those non-starchy vegetables then I start going all right let's eat start eating 1 to 2 hours after waking up in the morning stop eating 2 to 4 hours before bed ideally 3 hours or more and start there kick out the snacks eat your breakfast lunch and dinner big thing of course is cutting that late night eating it really messes with your blood sugar right so that's the first thing you might find that that's enough especially with upping your protein but if you're not then seeing that change in your visceral adapost tissue consider doing a 25% caloric restriction 5 days a week it's a cycling caloric restriction I learned this from Dr Bill Campbell so you take your average of what you're eating because you've now been tracking for a week or two and take the average don't take one day take an average over the week and cut it 5 days of the week by 25% and that might be as simple as going you know I'm just going to push my breakfast to 3 hours after I wake up and I drop my dinner to a little bit earlier and just have like two meals that could be an easy way to pull it off right and just do that super easy now next thing I have to talk about sleep and stress because cortisol is such a big player ideal sleep is somewhere between 7 and 9 hours I'm right there at like an 8 and a halfer and one poor night of sleep for you and that means not getting good quality sleep because it's not just how long you're in bed it's how well you're sleeping but just a little bit of poor sleep causes insulin resistance in fact we know that sleep restriction and sleep deprivation causes insulin resistance of course higher insulin means it's easier for you to store fat around your waistline and by the way one. I sleep you're also hungrier so it's a bad combination also we got to look at your overall stress because chronic stress means chronically elevated cortisol which of course is going to elevate blood sugar leading to insulin resistance but it also elevates cortisol which is going to lead to more visceral adapost tissue now likely you can't get rid of the source of chronic stress if you could that's the easiest the more realistic thing is what do you need to do to be able to handle that level of stress having been around a lot of high performers in my lifetime it's not that they don't have the stress it's that they've learned how to tolerate higher and higher levels of stress and this is why I love exercise because that's what exercise teaches you to do that's what lifting heavy things that's what doing high intensity Level Training teaches your body to do how to handle hard things and recover right so really important because we've got to be able to handle cortisol and we've got to become more insulin sensitive to combat this visceral adapost tissue now I'm going to give you a little bonus point one and that's cold exposure cold exposure is super cool because what it can do is basically take that white fat beige it which makes it easier to to burn I'm not going to get too into the Weeds on white fat beige fat Brown fat but know that brown fats this fat that's very easy to burn and you can take your white fat when you get cold cold tends to Target right into the visceral adapost tissue and make it easier to burn so I do a cold exposure couple days a week in the morning I don't do it after I work out because I don't want to block muscle protein synthesis but a couple days a week I do 10minute hot sauna and then I hate it I get in my cold plunge and I do it for generally 2 to 4 minutes at about 50° cuz after talking to Dr Stacy Sims I realized I didn't have to make it super freezing cold like my husband does and so I make it 50° 2 to 4 minutes one other thing that can be super helpful Here Is bioidentical hormone replacement therapy because remember the role of estrogen estrogen is going to help us build muscle we always think testosterone but for women estrogen is huge for building muscle estrogen huge as an anti-inflammatory so it's anabolic it's an anti-inflammatory right and when your estrogen drops your metabolic rate's going to drop a little too so it can make a huge difference to do with a doctor well- trained in menopause because hormone balance is so crucial for losing menopause belly fat these strategies here these can help you set that foundation for smooth sailing but again hormone replacement therapy is its own huge topic and this deserves a closer look so watch my next video on the three warning signs that you need hormone replacement therapy to learn more for

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertaj3767 [15 likes]: Why don’t insurance companies pay for procedures to remove menopause belly fat when it is such a disease-causing issue? They will pay for other preventive procedures, such as MRIs, mammograms, knee surgeries, etc🧐
  2. @MichelleBlackChannel [10 likes]: Love that this is being talked about — but what I’ve seen working with midlife women is that there’s no true “fast” way if the gut is inflamed and blood sugar isn’t stable.

So many women are clean eating, working out, doing all the things — and their belly fat still won’t budge. Why? Because their body doesn’t feel safe.

Once we calm hidden inflammation, restore gut health, and support hormones, that “stubborn fat” finally starts to move — and it stays off. This is the conversation more women need to hear 🙌
  3. @wyomingpark [9 likes]: So many people on YouTube say so many different things for menopause. 1 doctor says hiit  training is no good for menopause because it raises cortisol levels way too much. And weight training should be moderate not to failure. Same deal. Everybody says different things and it becomes way more confusing
  4. @robertaj3767 [8 likes]: Increase bone density by rebounding! And clean your lymph as well!
  5. @acf9406 [6 likes]: For me to be able to do all of this I would have to quit my job.
Working out, 8000 steps... you name it
It takes more than 1 hour tk walk 10k steps, then lifting weights - no more than 1 hour, if you have to drive to the gym it's way more than 1hour...
Add a Joe Dispenza meditation (another hour...), I have to ask Joe Dispenza for lessons on how not to sleep.
  6. @Sylvie3273 [4 likes]: Start water fasting one to two days a week and learn mindful breathing to sleep you’ll lose all fat
  7. @karenp637 [2 likes]: Well! Thanks for bringing this all to my attention as I’m sitting here at 1:30 in the morning eating a bowl of popcorn and chasing it with a cup of coffee. No wonder I’m having a hard time losing weight!! 😩
  8. @cocosheffield79 [1 likes]: Why talk about steps and college students when i came to learn about menopause belly fat?
  9. @cherylkunzelman3102 [1 likes]: It’s very hard to lose visceral fat from a wheelchair. Really trying with careful diet, weights and a bit of getting heart rate up but it’s not as easy when you can’t walk.
  10. @JulieLucero-r6u [1 likes]: What do you think about vibration plates
  11. @melba82505: I live in the desert Southwest and we are in a severe drought / running out of water supply. Instead of cold water immersion, can I put ice packs on my visceral fat? @jjvirginvideos
  12. @United-cq7qk: I’m so confused now. My trainer said if I do HIIT it’ll increase my cortisol so my body will store fat due to this cortisol 😩
  13. @AnonymousPerson0182: You are over explaining things that we don’t want to know. We just want a solution. Learn to shorten your videos.
  14. @Viv8ldi: 💜
  15. @Ke-qv3md: What kind of rucking vest do you use and do you have a link for it?
  16. @WasteAwarenessInitiative: no new info
  17. @barbiezurawski9032: I did a dexa yesterday. How can I get rid of it. I have 31% body fat and 1.1lbs of visceral fat. Is this that bad. Thank you
  18. @AnnetteGreen: Thank you for the info! Can you tell me what brand of weighted vest you like?
  19. @janicealderson4329: I have stopped drinking except Saturday and just one drink.  My body is thin with a belly pooch and a  bag at the base of each rib (which is unusual I think).  I am now doing your ball exercises and weights I love your videos!
  20. @lorisutton2423: Totally off subject, what brand is your coffeemaker.

- Visceral Fat | What Is It & How to Get Rid of It: Kind: captions Language: en visceral fat is what most of us think of as belly fat it is the term used to describe the fat that builds up within the abdomen visceral fat cannot be pinched but it does expand your waistline crowd your internal organs and actively contribute to disease in this video i explain why this type of fat is harmful and how you can get rid of it there are two main types of fat that get deposited on your body subcutaneous fat and visceral fat the word subcutaneous literally means under the skin and the term visceral refers to your viscera or internal organs now at the beginning of the video i mentioned that a common name for visceral fat is belly fat and that is true and how most of us would describe it however it is possible to have both types of fat stored in your midsection generally speaking the fat you can pinch is subcutaneous whereas visceral fat lies behind the abdominal muscles within the cavity that holds the liver stomach and intestines now the crowding of your internal organs is one of the reasons that this type of fat is undesirable but even more concerning is the fact that visceral fat is more metabolically active than subcutaneous fat in this higher level of metabolic activity increases the release of inflammatory substances and free fatty acids into your blood which increases your risk of health problems like heart disease type 2 diabetes and a related condition called insulin resistance insulin resistance is a common barrier to fat loss insulin is your energy storing hormone when you develop insulin resistance your cells no longer respond as they should to insulin and as a result your body cannot utilize carbohydrates and other food nutrients as efficiently as they once did and this leads to chronically high blood sugar and insulin levels that block the release of fat from fat cells so when we get too much visceral fat you can see that it hampers fat loss putting us into this vicious cycle where these undesirable conditions work together to perpetuate themselves fortunately a low-carb diet disrupts this cycle by keeping your blood sugar low and essentially lessening the amount of work that insulin is required to do and this works because blood sugar and insulin rise to differing degrees depending on the macronutrient breakdown of the foods that you eat of the three macronutrients that supply your body with energy carbohydrates are the ones that cause the most significant rise in blood sugar fats cause little if any rise and protein has a moderate impact therefore eating a low carb high fat moderate protein diet will prevent blood sugar and insulin spikes allowing your body to move into the low insulin state needed to release fat from your fat cells in fact many studies have shown that low-carb diets are more effective than low-fat diets for reducing visceral fat and an interesting point to note about the research is that lowering carbs was effective even when the reduction was modest for instance in this study participants consumed 43 percent of their daily calories from carbohydrates now many of you who have been interested in low carb dieting will recognize that as a fairly high percentage with a more typical range being less than 25 of your calorie intake however despite this modest reduction in carbs participants who consumed the lower carbohydrate versus the lower fat diet lost more visceral fat and 4.4 percent more total fat another way to get rid of visceral fat is by practicing intermittent fasting which is a weight loss strategy that involves splitting your day between a period of eating and fasting and the mechanism by which fasting works is similar to that seen with a low carb diet by choosing low carb foods you prevent the insulin spikes that block fat loss when you fast there's no food coming in to influence your insulin level keeping you in that state that favors fat burning in fact studies have shown that intermittent fasting is notably effective for reducing belly fat a clinical study found that limiting the number of hours you eat in a day to 10 hours was effective for treating metabolic syndrome which is a cluster of conditions that include increased belly fat and a review study published in 2016 showed that four weeks of fasting reduced total weight bmi and waist circumference preventing metabolic disorders that are common in older women and beyond food getting regular exercise provides both direct and indirect metabolic advantages that will help you reach your goal of losing abdominal fat weightlifting and other exercises performed against resistance have been shown to improve insulin sensitivity and this increased sensitivity is enhanced when resistance exercises are combined with aerobic exercises like biking swimming and using a treadmill however when directly targeting visceral aerobic exercise may have the edge over other forms of exercise when it is performed at a moderate or high intensity level carrying around excess visceral fat increases your risk of disease and leads to insulin resistance making fat loss harder but you can get control of visceral fat and get rid of it by combining fasting in a low-carb diet you attack visceral fat with two very effective tools and then as you start to feel better and gain energy you can enhance your results with exercise there is a lot to learn when it comes to putting together an effective low carb diet on my website i have two 21 day challenges that provide you with daily low carb or keto menus so you learn low carb dieting by doing it and i will share links to the challenges here in the video and below in the description area please subscribe to my channel before you go and have a great rest of your day

  Top Comments:
  1. @Hacker-xe8yv [2 likes]: 50-55% of visceral fat accumulation is predisposed genetically. Folks should not be fooled that just anyone can shed visceral fat. Many are just stuck with it!
  2. @radiant1magic [1 likes]: Tesamorelin to remove visceral fat.
  3. @JohnConnors-d2s [1 likes]: beautiful woman
  4. @parikshit_jaiswal [1 likes]: processed carbs and too much fat especially vegetable oils are mainly responsible for this
  5. @kzziggy: （ ͜.人 ͜.）👄𓂺😮
  6. @MarceloHenriOliveira: also foods high on beta-carotene help with inflammation and breaking the insulin resistance cycle
  7. @TerrancePresley: In the last 6 months I cleaned up my eating, reduced sugar and junk, and focused more on staying active and eating better. Dropped from 232 lbs to 174 lbs without even stepping into a gym. Consistency really changes everything. I also want to thank Slimsaltherb for helping me get rid of my belly fat.
  8. @gretavains8707: What a fantastic video 😊thank you very much
  9. @scoobtoober2975: Many problem is fiber has been taken out of the super most tasty gorging worthy foods. ALL of them. Tell me a temping high fiber brownie is more satisfying than a fiber free, sugar/butter/vanilla soaked brownie. It ain't. The will power is so weak when it comes to those tempting foods. The good and bad bacteria's are gone from the food sources. Fast food is nutrient negative. fiber negative, bacteria negative (high anti-bacterial). Combined it is setting us up for visceral fat overload and that spill over is the bad part. Thanks for the clear details.
  10. @run4cmt: When I hit menopause I gained 25 lbs I cannot lose. I exercise 6 days a week because I am a triathlete. I eat keto and IF (16:8), I do not eat sugar or drink alcohol. Still not able to lose weight.
  11. @kenvalenti5414: Low carb?
Broccoli are carbs Oreos are carbs
Not the same thing.
  12. @ellie32470: What would be a sample of low carb high fat moderate protein meal?
  13. @GuitarNewz: Carnivore for 2 years, has removed all fat and all my chroinic problems. Red meat only ,each and every day.
  14. @omdelta2370: what about fat and cholesterol?
  15. @reneesmith5403: Drink water, eat cruciferous veggies (fiber), moderate protein, low carb, weight-lifring and possibly aerobic exercise. All good for most of us. Cut sugar. Healthy fats are okay. Get adequate sleep.
  16. @MeleMya: I've been on the carnivore diet for months
0 Carbs. My body does not lose the weight. I do not know how to solve this.
  17. @Rodsrib1: You've said it all regarding the basics in 6 minutes what all the other AI videos take 15-20 minutes (or more) to explain.
Liked and subscribed !
  18. @samf.s.7731: This is what I have, it's the worst type of fat there is. Now I swear I have abs, on a pot shaped belly. And my muscles are tightening against this big tub of lard, giving me indigestion. Hate it! 
I got it from not moving, and drinking a ton of redbull. Don't do that... 
When I lay down and feel my abdomen, in a clinical exam type of way, it's squishy ... Now I'm taking simethicone, and overnight dulcolax or else my IBS makes my digestion  problems even worse
  19. @C.D.-tz6sk: Very pleasant presenter and voice.  Good info too!
  20. @John-r2p6v: Call you people want to do is make money off these videos one says one thing one says another now everybody knows the more you fast the more your body holds on to fat so that's a bad idea now you tell people to eat something that will keep their blood low blood sugar but the problem is there's people who have already have low blood sugar and so if you give them that then you have a problem there too there's no answer to any of this really all you people just 100 everyone says something different but we know people who already has low blood sugar ain't going to it's not a good idea to be reducing their blood sugar. I'm not convinced that carbs have anything to do with it cuz I noticed can you cut out carbs you're hungry all the time so you eat all the time

- How To Combat Menopausal Weight Gain | This Morning: Kind: captions Language: en whether it's putting on the pounds or noticing a change in your body shape fluctuating hormones during the menopause can make it difficult to manage your weight well Dr Louise Newson is here with her advice alongside weight loss expert Dr Sally Norton morning to both of you thank you for coming in today so what impact on your body weight can it have on if you were going through the menopause can I have quite a lot actually and I didn't realize until I saw the number of patients that I do women really struggle for lots of reasons so as you know during the perimenopause and also the menopause our hormone levels fluctuate and then Decline and then they're low forever but estrogen is really important metabolically in our body so without estrogen lots of our cells can't work as well we've already talked about the risk of heart disease osteoporosis and so forth without our hormones but our body needs these to do and the only way it can make it if it's not making it from our ovaries is from our fat cells so actually our body is often produce more fat cells but they produce a very weak type of estrogen that's actually quite and it's quite inflammatory it's not as nice as the estrogen our ovaries produce when we're younger but it's all we've got and it tends to be fat cells in the midline so often women say you know what I'm doing exactly the same I'm exercising eating the same but I'm putting on weight so there's that but then also as you know many symptoms such as joint pains muscle aches fatigue reduce stamina poor sleep feeling Dreadful then of course you're not going to Spring out of bed and do yoga first thing or think about your healthy breakfast you're just going to try and struggle through the day so there's a lifestyle change but there's a hormonal change and together it can be really awful and it also affects your metabolism as well yes it can do so a lot of people we know as we age our metabolism I can't eat the same as my 18 year old I wish I could but so I'm metabolism changes with age but also with a lack of hormones so a lot of women find that when they replace those hormones with HRT then then their um their body shape changes but also their ability to lose weight but just a little bit more clearly is that is that change in metabolism that fat distribution is that dangerous well it can be actually filled because we know that central obesity has more risks of heart disease type 2 diabetes associated with it so there's this thing called visceral fat so the fat that's around our internal organs is far worse for us than the fat on our legs and arms for example and that's the type of fat that increases during the menopause not for everyone but for a lot of people and if you think globally we've already said menopause affects 1.2 billion women it's a global health problem because women are living longer without their hormones so the risk of heart disease type 2 diabetes does increase because of the low hormones as well as lifetime style changes as well well you mentioned that it can also make your joints stiffer so that makes you want to move less but also it impacts your sleep and that can have an impact on your weight absolutely we know from lots of studies that people that don't sleep well have interrupted sleep are more likely to increase weight but also more likely to have all the diseases associated with the menopause so and poor sleep just can make you feel shattered can't it so of course you haven't got the same energy to do the exercise and be motivated to cook well and and also not just for yourself obviously your family as well I know when I was menopausal I couldn't be bothered to cook for my children you know everything's an effort we've been doing this a lot and so you get lots of questions and and one of the questions was will taking HRT make me gain weight yeah lots of people think that actually but the HRT we prescribe is the more natural HRT as we've said it's the body identical hormones so all we're giving is light for like so we're taking giving the same hormones as we produce when we were younger so actually estrogen through the skin as a patch gel or spray doesn't increase weight and we know from with some studies it actually reduces weight as well progesterone the natural progesterone is a lot better the older types could cause a bit of fluid retention so people tend to push on weight quite quickly with the older types so people tend not to testosterone we sometimes give there's a lot of women we see in the clinic who find that their weight reduces but also their body shape changes they can exercise more so there's this sort of central obesity reduces their ability to build muscle is important and that's important as we age you know I want to be able to use my Zimmer frame I want to be able to push myself out of the bath and we know that sarcopenia this loss of muscle mass occurs so it's not just about getting on the scales or looking at weight it's about how our body's function is really important um Dr Sally I wanted to ask you because this is another thing that we hear a lot when women are Perry or menopausal they actually crave food that isn't good for them often you know high sugar high fat absolutely well we all know what it's like with just PMT you know you have those Cravings you're a bit tired you want a little bit more sugary food and imagine that sort of times a hundred yeah for the perimenopause so we do get those cravings and we get those Cravings then make insulin resistance worse which is Louise has already alluded to the central weight gain is part of something called insulin resistance where you get this metabolic change in your body so by having all of those sugary High processed carbs that actually makes things worse and so it's really important in perimenopause to really look at cutting back on those sugary carbs and trying to reduce that sort of fluctuation in blood sugar but including healthy fats in your diet is important very very important and it's terrible isn't it that for so many years we've been trying to cut fats out of everything and yet healthy fats are just vitally important because our brain is made up of so much fat and we talk about brain fog and all the other issues around perimenopause if we can eat healthy fats then we can make a big difference to that and that's like oily fish things like that all those sorts of things yes you know you can get healthy fats particularly for oily fish that's a really good source for olive oil all other sort of seed oil hemp oil those sorts of uh flaxseed oil those sorts of oils are really very important too so they're good but bearing in mind that some of the grain oils don't have this these same sort of really good um of Omega-3s as some of the fish oils and and the algae that's really good what about protein protein is another really big one um so Louise has already mentioned about sarcopenia which is that natural loss of muscle as we get older and it's a big problem for morbidity in older women the falls and hip fractures and everything like that and women are really bad I think having a lot of protein in their diets we tend to cut back on calories and forget that protein is really important so having a good source of protein ideally in the morning is is what is a good source of protein well when you're building muscle I meat is a good source of protein but obviously we're all moving towards a more plant-based diet for sustainability reasons and to get all the really important fiber for our gut microbiome so um we can look at other sources like whey protein is is very good so milk based protein but other seed proteins are good as well but we need to just make sure we get enough of it and there is a evidence that as we get older we need more protein than when we're actually younger because we're less good at recycling that's interesting is it because by the time when you get older you'll be thinking right I've got to eat more healthily now but look after my heart um male or female you know whoever that you'd be more likely to back off from protein because you're worried about other organs no but there is there's a lot of evidence now that um that we need to maintain that muscle mass as we get older that's one of the biggest causes of problems as we get older and if we don't get enough protein then when we're unable to do that and plant-based proteins you need more of them really to make sure you get enough of those essential amino acids um what about exercise that's important yes and again moving back to muscle we really need to be focusing on resistance exercises so building that muscle strength up because muscles are really good way of um soaking up all the excess sugars in our bloodstream and reducing the insulin resistance so it's a good a good tool for weight control there's some magnesium help because you were saying though he's a waking up in the morning and thinking you know you've had a rubbish night's sleep the last thing you want to do is to be incentivized to get up and exercise what about magnesium does that help with your with your sleep yes well I found a lot of women who have had magnesium supplements have actually found it very useful because magnesium levels do drop off a bit as we get older and it's difficult to measure in the bloodstream because a lot of magnesium is within within the cells so it's difficult to actually get a real feel for how much magnesium you've got so that has been helpful for some women and I think what's really important is that particularly women who had dieting all the time we focus so much on calories we don't really think about all the micronutrients that we're missing and if we get really good nutrients then our brain helps us to just eat more healthily rather than using your willpower thank you very much

  Top Comments:
  1. @MariaSmith-z9e [90 likes]: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  2. @MichelleBlackChannel [34 likes]: I tried everything they recommended — walking, smaller portions, “balance” — and the weight still wouldn’t budge. What finally worked wasn’t eating less, it was fixing what was going on underneath: gut issues, blood sugar crashes, inflammation. Most women in menopause don’t need another tip — they need a real reset.
  3. @casperinsight3524 [22 likes]: Everything's an effort when hormones decline 🎯💥
  4. @giuseppinasanger6410 [12 likes]: I get confused. One minute I hear that progesterone causes weight gain, the next that estrogen does…
  5. @NeedMoreCoffeeOG [10 likes]: I've now watched 3 videos with this lady about perimenopausal weight gain and I'm still no wiser. Yes we need protein and fats. That's obvious and for everyone. What is her point.
  6. @dianasmith1398 [5 likes]: Excellent interview..so helpful
  7. @LadyK1977 [4 likes]: Wow, well said: when we get our micronutrients our brain helps us eat healthier rather than having to use will power. This has proven to be true, I found that the healthier I eat the more I crave healthy foods. I've recently begun cutting out highly processed sweet foods and have replaced them with fruit or cheerios. And then I'll have a chicken salad, and then Im full for the rest of day. If I get hungry I'll have lemon water or 100% pear or pineapple juice. So far, I'm seeing positive changes such as less back spasms, less mucus in my throat, my wheezing has completely stopped, and my night sweats have stopped as well. Im hoping to also see a reduction in weight soon

4 week update: To further reduce my calories, I have cut out the cheerios and fruit juices and replaced them with water or sparkling water. So now, day worth of food looks like this:
12 oz milk or yogurt
fruit
One meal
Water or sparkling water
  8. @knit_bear [4 likes]: These women are recommending hrt and seed oils there is a much better way with good nutrition and exercise
  9. @queent-u3f [3 likes]: 1 to 1.5 grams per kilograms in weight is a rough estimate for protein intake in menopause. There is 12.7 grammes on 2 eggs, include eggs as your protein go to. If using protein shakes, puddings, snacks watch your sugar intake as friend lifting weights became diabetic due to too much sugar intake from these. One a day is probably fine.
  10. @shelleykapp9637 [3 likes]: Seed oils??? Aren't they inflammatory?
  11. @SweetandSassyRedhead [2 likes]: I am 5 years into menopause. Wow! Really has had an impact on me physically, emotionally and mentally. I have gained 60 lbs. I used to have the best metabolism. I am trying to be patient with myself and honoring this stage in my life.
  12. @thebumblebee79 [1 likes]: Was locked in until she started her political chat about sustainability and meat
  13. @OoSamToO [1 likes]: Eat less do more exercise. Why is it so difficult for people to understand!
  14. @bomanhansson [1 likes]: This is crazy. We cannot be dependant on protein powder!?!? This is not natural at all.
  15. @helen4652: Meat is important.
Sustainability 🤦🏼‍♀️
How can it be that needing more plant protein be sustainable?
We die without protein.
  16. @karen6595: I didn't know that
  17. @ryant1506: Wow! Ladies “fix” is gear….that won’t end badly……
  18. @traceycarrington-hume5622: Your posture in the chair is awful!

- The Fat Burning Expert: The REAL Reason You’re Not Losing Belly Fat (and How To Fix It Fast!): Kind: captions Language: en I asked my audience for the 15 most popular unanswered questions about how to lose fat or to gain muscle mass. The first one, how do I lose weight fast? But we just answered that. >> Yeah. The second one is creatine is a miracle thing that everybody should be taking. >> There's almost nothing creatine can't do. Wow, some statement. Next, is there any harm in eating too much protein? It's rare, and in fact, almost everybody who has some degree of an issue with their body fat levels under consume protein. The next question is about PCOS. What would you say to a woman struggling with PCOS in terms of dietary prescription? That's a damn good question, man. Can I go into detail with this? Because a lot of people are very misinformed about this stuff. >> The floor is yours. Okay, so Alan Aragon has been using science to help elite athletes unlock peak performance for over 30 years. And now he's breaking down the nutrition and training strategies that actually deliver results. It's important to take an evidence-based approach to diet, nutrition, training, supplementation. Because if you don't, then you end up wasting a lot of time. So let's start with protein. So how much protein should I be eating to gain muscle? What is your goal body weight? It's around 90. Take 90 and multiply that by There's your protein target. What about calorie restriction? I've heard you say that 10 or 20% of your calories can come from pretty much anything you want. Literally anything. So I could eat McDonald's or something, and I could still lose weight theoretically. That's true. And this is reflected in research along with diet breaks. That's one of the tactics that you can use for a long-term adherence to a plan. And I'll explain how. I also wanted to talk about the ketogenic diets, menopause, fasting, sugars, and this. That that always gets me, man. That that picture always gets me. Why? I used to drink heavily. I was overworked and trying to be the best father and the best husband. And it got real bad. I just needed to stop. And I did. How? I just Wow, really? Yes. I see messages all the time in the comment section that some of you didn't realize you didn't subscribe. So if you could do me a favor and double-check if you're a subscriber to this channel, that would be tremendously appreciated. It's the simple, it's the free thing that anybody that watches this show frequently can do to help us here to keep everything going in this show in the trajectory it's on. So please do double-check if you subscribed, and thank you so much. Because in a strange way you are you're part of our history, and you're on this journey with us, and I appreciate you for that. So yeah, thank you. Alan, why should I listen to you? What have you done in your career in over the last 30 years that has given you the knowledge, the information, the wisdom that you have on nutrition, dieting, fitness, etc.? Who is Alan? I have over 30 years of experience in the field. The first 10 years consisted of personal training. The second decade of my career was nutritional counseling. Just counseling people on on how to eat, what to eat. And then the third decade of my career, which is actually running on 13 years now, is the research and education side. My colleagues and I, we in quotes do the science, we publish the science. I've been a part of 30 publications. 30 studies? >> Yeah. Yeah, a combination of narrative reviews, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, and randomized controlled trials. And how many people have you worked with directly over the last 30 years in terms of in your your nutritional counseling role, but also as a as a trainer? Individually, it's it's triple digits. Groups, potentially quadruple. Yeah. And some of those people that you've worked with over the years are fairly high profile. Yeah. Probably my most interesting story is getting an email from Steve Austin. And and wrestling fans know him as Stone Cold Steve Austin. In so many words, he said, "Hey Alan, I've been I've been doing my research, and you're you're the guy. So I want to work with you. Um I know that you mentioned that you're not working with clients, but could you please make an exception for me? Here's my number." What did you do with him? With Stone Cold? I helped him get his nutrition right for his uh in quotes uh comeback to television. It was mainly focused on primarily fat loss. And you worked with Derek Fisher as well, who's the five-time NBA champion. Yes. Longtime LA Lakers player. Yeah. And Pete Sampras, the former world number one tennis player, Grand Slam champion. Yeah, Pete Sampras, that's right. When people come to you, and when they message you and DM you, there's probably similar themes. Similar themes as to like what they're trying to accomplish and what their goal is. If you just from the top of your head had to state the most popular themes that people are trying to accomplish, what are they? How to improve body composition. What does that mean? How to lose fat and or gain muscle. One of the things that I'm I'm particularly intrigued by, which kind of dovetails into both of those subjects of fat and muscle gain, is the subject of protein. And um because there's been so much said about protein. You know, when I was growing up, they said you have to have protein right after you eat your meal, you have to have this much protein, you have to have it before you eat your meal, it doesn't matter when you have it. So I want to do a bit of myth-busting on the subject of protein. What are what are the biggest myths that people currently believe about protein consumption? The biggest myth is that they have the hierarchy of importance all screwed up. Like everybody's worried about how much protein per meal you need to have for this or that goal. When do you need to time protein relative to the training bout or waking or sleeping or all that stuff. The main thing they need to be focused on is how much protein do they need to eat by the end of the day. Because when you hit that goal, you've basically won the whole game. The the relative placement, the distribution, and the doses of the protein, the timing of it, oh man, it rarely matters. It it it rarely matters beyond getting that protein in in a way that's comfortable and convenient for you and in such a way that you can stick to in the long term. Some people are more like grazers. Some people are more like gorgers. They're both fine as long as you hit the total by the end of the day. So the hierarchy is of utmost importance, get your total daily protein. And then of secondary importance would be what is the distribution of the constituent doses of that protein total through the day. And then of third importance down here is like when specifically are you supposed to time that protein around the the training bout? So So yeah, the what the way that I put it is like this. The day the daily total for protein, that is the cake. The distribution of the doses through the day, that's the icing on the cake, and it's a very thin layer of icing. And how do we know that? How do we know that it doesn't really matter what time you have the protein, and that the most important thing is just making sure you get the protein. That's a great question. The reason that we know that distribution doesn't matter as much as the total is through a couple lines of evidence that I can think of. So there's Yasuda who who compared a three-meal model with a two-meal model. And the three-meal model had superior effects for um for muscle gain. But there is a study that was just published gosh, within the last month. It was better from a methodology standpoint because they fed the subjects an abundance of protein. So Yasuda and colleagues who and colleagues who tested the two versus three, he totaled everybody out at 1.3 g per kilogram of body weight per day. That's the total daily protein dose. And so we know now that that's a suboptimal total if you want to push muscle growth. So for pushing muscle growth, we know you you should be at 1.6 g per kilogram of body weight, which translates to 0.7 g per pound of body weight. That's where you really want to be if you want to maximize muscular adaptations to resistance training, like muscle size and strength gains. So this latest study, they compared three uh three protein feedings versus five protein feedings. And the totals of protein intake in the day in both groups were around a gram per pound. So right around 2.2-ish g per kilogram of body weight. So we have the optimized daily total, and we're testing three versus five protein feedings. We're doing progressive resistance training. And this is the key. This happened in resistance-trained subjects. There were no significant differences in in muscle size and strength gain between the three protein feedings a day versus five protein feedings a day. And this is the best-designed study to date on the on the topic. And and so Because when I grew up and read stuff about gaining muscle, it said you had to have like five or six meals a day. >> Mhm. Um it said that's what bodybuilders do. Whenever we we talk about any kind of physical goal, any any sort of fitness goal, we have to address two main things. So who's the Who's the population and what goal are we talking about? And maybe a third thing we need to address is what is at stake. So, what level are we talking about? So, population, goal, what level? What's at stake? So, with bodybuilders at elite levels, it is most of them consume five, six meals a day. Some of them do like even seven or eight in the off-season. And these are individuals who are enhanced. And so, their ceiling for muscle growth and their rates of muscle muscle growth are significantly higher than people who are, in quotes, natural. And the amount of food that these individuals can process and use productively is significantly more. And so, with that population, I can see it being pretty standard for them to be consuming at least five, six meals a day. Since they tend to have to Since they tend to be eating double the amount of of the average person. And so, but the interesting thing that happens is that the guidelines from this very sort of fringe elite population, that's what trickles down into the general public and then they're stuck thinking, "Okay, maybe I need to eat every 2.5 hours or or some such." But yeah, with the with the general population and even um recreational athletes and people who are hobbyists and and and stuff, you really the impact of actual protein distribution is inconsequential compared to the total. So, how much protein should I be eating a day? Cuz you I think you disagree with the recommended daily sort of allowance that they suggest we as a I think I'm 90 kg. Mhm. How much protein should I be eating to gain muscle? Lean muscle mass. Okay. So, we're going to apply you to the population and the goal and the stakes questions. So, what would you say your training status is? You're obviously not a beginner. Um so, you're somewhere between intermediate and advanced. Right? >> Yeah. So, what is your goal? Just to lose fat and gain muscle. Okay. Familiar story, I'm sure. Okay. The way that I do it is I go 1.6 to 2.2 g per kilogram of target body weight or goal body weight. Mhm. So, that's the range that you would be looking at. Now, with you in particular, I would go more towards the upper end. Because you mentioned that you part of your goal is to decrease body fat to a to a to a minor degree, but you're still you're pushing the envelope cuz you're already lean. So, there's an interesting thing about highballing protein that facilitates that reduction in body fat. So, if if I have a lot of protein, it helps to reduce body fat. Yeah. Yeah, it does. The way that we know this is because there have been several studies now. Four trials, one case study um by Joey Antonio and colleagues. And they examined the effect of very high protein intakes anywhere from about 3.3 all the way to 4.4 g per kilogram of body Roughly, gosh, you know, a gram and a half to 2 g per pound. Is that because you're eating less carbohydrates? You're sort of substituting it for something else essentially in terms of you feeling hungry. So, if I'm having 3.3 g of protein, I'm probably not going to be having something else which is more fatty. Yeah, that's right. That's right. So, this particular line of research was done on people who are resistance training. And it was done in free-living conditions. And they just gave them the assignment to essentially increase their their protein intake by 50%. And literally add 80 to 100 g of protein on top of their existing habitual dietary intakes. So, what would you say to me then? You'd say push even higher in terms of grams per kilogram of body What is your goal body weight? I don't actually have a goal body weight to be honest. I just have more of a a goal in terms of like strength. >> How about this? Were you ever in the shape that you are wanting to be in? And what What was your body weight at that time? I was around 90. I think I was just a little bit below 90 kg. So, I think I was about 88. Okay. So, you know what? Let's take 90 Yeah. and multiply that by 2.2. 90 * 2.2. There's your protein target. 198 grams of protein a day. So, if my if a protein shake gives me 20 g of protein, I I need to have basically 10 g 10 protein shakes a day. That seems like a lot of protein. That is a lot of protein. Uh I I would give a little caveat here. You can probably achieve your your goal with 1.6 g per kilogram of body weight. So, that would be the lower end. So, multiply 90 by 1.6 and that's where you can start. So, if if that 198 number seems kind of far-fetched or even a little bit like, "Hmm, how would I even achieve that?" then start off at the lower end. Do women have a different prescription in this regard? Is there a different approach if you're a woman? Yeah, if you're a woman, you would almost always start at the low end. Because women have a higher proportion of body fat and and by default, they have a lower proportion of lean mass. So, with women, it would almost always be, "All right, let's start at 1.6 g per kilogram of target body weight and see how you do with that." And we can always ratchet it up if needed. Is there any such harm in eating too much protein? It's rare. Uh you would have to have a pre-existing chronic kidney disease and then it's generally not a good thing to be highballing the protein. Um but even people with chronic kidney disease have to realize the tradeoff that they're incurring with a low protein diet and older age sarcopenia and stuff. How are they going to mitigate that? But for the general healthy population, there have been many studies that have rolled out looking at effects on kidney function, liver function, bone health. And there is virtually zero threat to those organ systems that that you would think might be threatened by a high protein intake. So, the human organism perfectly well equipped to metabolize and handle high protein amounts. And not all protein is equal, I guess, because you've got you've got these animal proteins and then plant proteins um that come from things like eggs and so on. What is the best type of protein, do you think? Is there such a thing? I think that the best thing you can do is get a mix of different types of It is true that gram for gram, generally speaking, animal proteins are more, in quotes, anabolic than plant proteins, meaning that they stimulate a greater growth response of muscle. >> at the muscle level. So, they stimulate muscle protein synthesis more potently than plant proteins. there are There's maybe one exception to that that we know of, which is mycoprotein, which is a fungus-based protein that actually outperformed milk protein for stimulating muscle protein synthesis. So, there's interesting exceptions like that. But generally speaking, animal proteins are better for muscle protein synthesis than plant proteins. Now, with that said, Stephen, once you consume a certain amount of total daily protein, then it doesn't appear to matter how much of your protein is animal-based versus how much your pro your protein is plant-based if we're looking at things like muscle size and strength gain. Because this has been actually compared in controlled interventions where um vegan group has been compared with an omnivore group and total daily protein was optimized at 1.6 g per kilogram of body weight per day or 0.7 g per pound in both groups. Progressive resistance training for 12 weeks. No significant differences between groups in muscle size and strength gain, whether it was a omnivorous protein intake or whether it was a plant-based protein intake. And we have two studies showing that now. You must have so many moments where you're working with someone through your career who's got a goal and he feels like they just can't accomplish it. Where you find yourself saying the same thing over and over again to people about how to lose fat or to gain muscle mass. Is that same thing just to eat have more protein? It's a common thing with the general population, with the lay public. Like my my protein target is at least 160 g a day. I just make sure that I have four meals with at least 40 g of of protein per day. And it's so easy to do. It's incredibly easy to do because two of my meals per day are just real whole foods. And then two of my meals per day, two to three, are protein smoothies. And so, uh it is just so incredibly easy for me to to get my protein intake through like two scoops of protein, bam, that's almost 50 g of protein right there. So, you have two of those a day, got more than half my protein covered. But if I if I have all of my protein in one meal, is that going to impact my ability to gain muscle or lose fat if I have it all in one meal? If I just have like one massive protein shake? If I put like five scoops? Now, if you were telling me, "Hey Alan, I want to place really good in the nationals this year. The NPC nationals classic classic physique or you know, classic bodybuilding or just any one of the physique divisions, I would say, you know, you are not going to want to try to get all your protein in a single meal. Because what we want to do is we want to maximize the number of micro anabolic events in the course of the day. We want to maximize the amount of times you maximally stimulate muscle protein synthesis in the course of the day. just from a a pragmatic standpoint, you could probably do that at least three or four times. And if you're able to do that three or four times in the day versus once with that one big banger of a meal, then you might actually over time gain more muscle than you would have. And this could make the difference between placings at the end of the uh end of the prep period. So, but as somebody in the general population, theoretically, you could I am going to challenge you to do something here. I asked my audience about weight loss and asked them for their 15 most popular questions that are currently unanswered for them >> All right. >> about weight loss. The first one was "How do I lose weight fast?" Ha. So, essentially, you can engage what would could be classified as a as a as a protein-sparing modified fast. You're basically crash dieting. Um I don't love doing that though, honestly. Listen, I've got a wedding. I need to I need to lose weight fast. How do I lose weight fast? Losing weight fast. So, you would basically do an aggressive caloric deficit. So, anywhere I I would say 20% below your maintenance needs, 20 to possibly 40 depending on the individual, percent below your maintenance needs. And then keep the protein high. And this is going to default you to relatively low carbohydrate, relatively low fat. just train regularly. Don't hurt yourself. Um Protein high, you said? Yeah, protein high. And calories-wise, so for example, if you maintained at we'll we'll just take a round number, 2,000 calories. So, you would just lop off about a third of that. And then just go. And see if you can maintain your fat loss while maintaining strength levels relatively. You're it's almost inevitable to crash diet and lose some strength in the process. But I mean, we're we're talking about something that's not an optimal process. But yeah, that that's that's the game. Basically, aggressive caloric deficit, keep protein very high. And then you just go And the deficit could be anywhere from 500 to a thousand-ish calories below what you normally take in. The second one is, "Why do I regain weight after stopping Ozempic, Wegovy, etc.?" All right, so those GLP-1 RAs, the recep- GLP-1 receptor agonist drugs like Wegovy, they have um at least three different mechanisms that all converge towards almost nullifying your your hunger and your appetite response. And so, when you cut out the drug, then your normal appetite comes back. an unfortunate reality for a lot of GLP-1 users when they get off the drug is they just don't have the habits and they don't have the skills necessarily to maintain their weight loss. And of course, once again, they're fighting their appetite. So, I would say perhaps try um a weaning off process instead of just a jumping off process. A weaning off process where you are reinforcing countermeasures to overeating, where you are reinforcing good training habits and good dietary habits. And we're all where you're also progressively learning how to live with and deal with sensations of hunger between meals. And just train those habits in. And uh it can be done. I I I I'm not one of the people in the camp who says it's impossible to get off of weight loss drugs successfully. So, number three again is, "Is my metabolism damaged after dieting?" And they're asking a question here about something called adaptive thermogenesis. >> Yeah. Okay, so this is not really a short shot here. Okay. So, the the process of metabolic adaptation is kind of complex. And it happens in both directions, whether you try to gain weight or whether you try to lose weight. So, earlier we talked about uh an increase in non-exercise activity thermogenesis or NEAT. An increase in NEAT in response to an increase in calories. that occurs and across studies, I I gave an example that showed a 336 calorie increase in NEAT when a thousand calories were stacked on top of people's maintenance. But there are other studies where the caloric increase was not quite that aggressive. So, so on average, increases in NEAT or non-exercise activity thermogenesis are about two to 300 calories. So, you increase your energy expenditure about two to 300 calories if you're overeating. Yeah. So, your body will start to twitch more and move more, burning more non-active calories. >> That's correct. When you're overeating, yeah. So, that's an adap- that's an adaptation. >> That that's the adaptation in the caloric surplus side. So, in the caloric deficit side, it's just the opposite thing. Just the mirror of it. So, people decrease their non-exercise activity thermogenesis or their NEAT. They decrease it on average like two to three-ish hundred calories Okay. as a result of dieting. So, this is part of a metabolic adaptation that occurs with dieting. Is this why people don't think the calories in, calories out system is working for them sometimes? Because they don't realize that if they're in a cal- calorie deficit sometimes, they are subconsciously moving around less, which means that they're burning less calories. Um so, actually, they're not in a calorie deficit. Yes, that's correct. So, with the dieting side of things, which is much more of a public health issue, weight loss is is much more of a a necessity than the weight gain. It's it's tougher for most people. Because in addition to the decrease in non-exercise activity that'll cost people two to 300-ish calories that they're no longer uh no longer burning at the end of the dieting cycle, then you've got what's called adaptive thermoreduction. Okay, so you mentioned adaptive thermogenesis. Technically, that is the there's non-shivering adaptive thermogenesis and there's shivering adaptive thermogenesis, but that all has to do with increases in energy expenditure in response to cold environments. So, that's technically that's what adaptive thermogenesis is. It's increase in energy expenditure. When people diet, there's something called adaptive thermoreduction. And that is the part of it is a decrease in non-exercise activity thermogenesis. You're you're basically saying that the body changes when we're in a calorie deficit. >> Mhm. It stops doing as much. Yes, that's the activity part. Yeah. But then there's also the metabolic part. So, we've got a decrease in non-exercise activity. Yeah. Then we have adaptive thermoreduction, which has to do with a a metabolic component that has to do with the sympathetic nervous system. And also potentially thyroid output as well. So, there's this metabolic change that goes on. And there's behavioral or activity change that goes on. So, when people say I've got a slow metabolism, they might be telling the truth. When people say I have a slow metabolism, what's usually happening is they have a pretty massive drop in NEAT or non-exercise activity to the order of two to 300 calories. Now, adaptive thermoreduction is another 50 to 100 calories. Okay. So, we're looking at in the neighborhood of like possibly three, four hundred calories that they're no longer burning as a result of the dieting process. Now, if you take somebody with um clinically diagnosed hypothyroidism, then their resting metabolic rate could be 7 to 10% lower than somebody without a thyroid issue. So, you add another 1 to 200 calories less burned over here, then you have the potential for 5 to 600 calories uh of energy expenditure that this is challenged with at the end of their dieting cycle. So, they're So, I guess it is kind of true in a in a way that people understand it that if you overeat, your metabolism as far as they understand what their metabolism is, is increasing and if you undereat, then your metabolism is slowing down. Yes, but I have to emphasize the major component that slows down is your non-exercise activity. You're not moving around as much. Yes, the other components, like adaptive thermo reduction and potential thyroid issues, that is the minor component. The major component is a drop in fidgeting, a slowing of the rate that you walk around, an increase in the amount you sit around. And you can control that. Yes. It's it's hard to put a put a finger on it, but as long as you know that stuff goes down, I'll give you an example of physique competitors. They are as their cutting cutting phase progresses, they're literally lying around in between their cardio sessions and their resistance training sessions and their Tupperware meal sessions. Okay, they're no longer tapping their heads, bob you know, tapping their fingers and bobbing their heads and they're no longer have a pep in their step. They're no longer doing non-exercise activities, basically. Question four. What diet actually works best for long-term weight loss, keto, low-fat, Mediterranean, intermittent fasting and you got to give me a answer here. I'll say it in one sentence. The diet with enough protein, enough total calories, that is comprised predominantly of healthy food choices that fits the individual's personal preferences and tolerances. How do I lose belly fat specifically? Can you target the belly? Targeting belly fat specifically is a matter of targeting total body fat. You can't necessarily spot reduce the belly fat. Now, if we're go a layer deeper, it is possible for certain diets to be more conducive to preventing visceral fat gain or maybe even accelerating visceral fat loss. Visceral fat is the fat in the within the abdominal cavity around the the organs. And so, it is possible for certain diets to be more conducive to reductions in visceral fat and that would be diets that have a lower proportion of saturated fat. What's What's What's What's What's an example of a saturated fat food? Land fatty land animal meats. So, land animal fats are going to be your saturated fats that are more conducive to visceral fat gain. So, if you were to switch out, let's say fatty cuts of meat, just trim that fat out and if you replaced it with something like avocado nuts, olive oil, seeds, On menopause, why is fat loss harder and what actually works? During the menopausal transition, which begins at a woman's mid-40s on average and then ends in in the mid-50s, there are changes physiologically and hormonally that can challenge a fitness program. So, it can challenge their ability to execute the fitness program and adhere to it. And so, things like hot flashes and joint pain, changes in sexual function, and poor sleep, all of those things can converge to lead to a a decreased ability to stick to a program and do the necessary physical activity and dietary adherence to reach the sort of the standard rate of progress for body composition change. And so, the solution to that would be simply you don't have to rearrange a whole program because somebody's going through menopause. You don't have to cut out nutrients and do any special things. What has been effective is just lowering the expectation of progress. So, whereas I would typically have somebody gun for a pound a week of fat loss, somebody in the menopausal transition, they have more challenges to that going on simultaneously. So, we would go for about half of that. Protein? What do What do they do in terms of protein? Just keep the protein high? Same range. Yeah. So, with protein, I got to say there's sort of a two-tiered recommendation. So, the general public with average goals Mhm. will do just fine on 1.2 to 1.6 g per kilogram body weight. That's kind of like the general population average goals folks. Somebody like yourself, uh somebody like me and folks who are oriented towards maybe pushing the envelope a little bit more than the average. 1.6 to 2.2 g per kilogram of body weight. And you know, there's a little margin over here for people on the fringe, physique competitors, who I would have no problem seeing them go higher than that 2.2 g per kilogram cut off. Is there anything else that peri- or menopausal women need to understand about gaining muscle and keeping fat off when they're going through menopause? Is there anything else that we've missed? You know, I would just emphasize the understanding that midlife presents maybe the highest point of psychological stress in in people's lives. So, starting from the late 40s going all the way into people's 50s and 60s, it's it's like that you know, the concentrated period in the menopausal transition, mid-40s to mid-50s, is when people are dealing with ailing parents, the stress of ailing parents, the stress of kids going through high school or college, the stress of hitting a high point in their careers, the pressures thereof, the time and the that is necessary to allocate for all of those things. All of those things distract from oh, I've got a fitness program here. Oh, my coach is making me do this and this and this and now he's making me diet like this. That's the thing that I would emphasize. There's nothing special or different that needs to be done. And in fact, there's a lot of mythology that's circulating the space right now where coaches and gurus and even some physicians are telling women that they are just doomed to gain a bunch of belly fat and lose a bunch of muscle during menopause. It just happens, you're doomed. Well, that's just not true. Uh there is a study called the SWAN study, that's the longest and largest study of its kind. And the average amount of fat gain during the entire menopausal transition was 1.6 kg, which is 3 and 1/2 lb. And the average amount of muscle loss total during the menopausal transition was 0.2 kg. That's about half half a pound of muscle loss. Statistically significant? Yes. Insurmountable? No. So, and are there going to be outliers who experience double the muscle loss and double the fat gain of that? Yes. But none of this is insurmountable. What do you think about taking say HRT? Does that help? Yeah, well well, it it helps those who need it. So, HRT should be looked at on an individual basis. One of the things that really annoys the absolute crap out of me is when I'm seeing the comment sections on social media with people telling everybody that hey, you just turned 40, time to go on HRT. That is between you and your doctor. People are trying to universalize major changes like HRT, some people definitely benefit from it. just the same, there are a lot of people who don't need it. The people that benefit from it, do they find it easier to gain muscle mass and to not gain fat? Is that kind of like what >> That is a common Okay. That is a common result, yes. But my thing with HRT is is this. So, there has to be a symptomatologic reason to get on it. So, you have to be incurring or experiencing symptoms that are disrupting to your quality of life, Mhm. regardless of what your blood labs are. Like for testosterone, for example, if you are out of range for testosterone, on the lower end, let's say, but you have no symptoms and you feel fine, you perform great in all aspects, then it's really up to you whether it bugs you enough that you're below range or lower on the lower end of the range um to correct that. It it's up to you. And so, symptomologically driven. Now, the other thing to look at with HRT is and a lot of people they get a single testing point and they judge their need to get on hormonal replacement therapy based on a single single test. What people need to do is see whether there is some sort of trend going on in one direction or another or not. And if that trend is going in a bad direction over time and you you can do this by just multiple time points over over an extended period. It's debatable, maybe 6 months, 12 months to see what's going on. Try to correct things through lifestyle and diet and often they are correctable. Um I've just I've come across many cases where a guy will be under-slept overworked eating like crap gets his testosterone levels tested. Oh, you're right at the bottom or you're even below range. Oh, time for HRT. Well, hold on a second. Let's get this guy some sleep. Let's improve his lifestyle. Improve body composition and then bang, testosterone levels double. This is not an uncommon thing. And so, I'm very much a proponent of first are there symptoms driving the justification for HRT? And then secondly, are we basing things on a single time point or did we actually see a trend over time? My next question's about PCOS. Mhm. A lot of women are struggling with PCOS and that's causing them to have irregular menstrual cycles and um fertility issues. What would you say to a woman who's struggling with PCOS in terms of dietary prescription? So, PCOS shares a lot of metabolic characteristics with type 2 diabetes. So, um there is insulin resistance going on. There there is impaired glycemic control going on. And so, we can pretty much justify being cautious with total amount of carbohydrate intake with um PCOS. With type 2 diabetes, there's two tiers of importance dietarily. So, of first importance with type 2 diabetes, you have to structure the diet so that it allows body fat loss. The success of GLP-1 drugs has actually proven that at the heart of type 2 diabetes is overeating. Uh an abundance of body fat. So, the way that type 2 diabetes happens is in genetically predisposed individuals, they gain total body fat and then they gain visceral fat an undue amount of visceral fat and then this leads to insulin resistance and impairment of glycemic control. PCOS is is very similar in this regard. Uh there is no standard or consensus-based PCOS diet protocol. But because it shares so many similar characteristics with type 2 diabetes, then we can pretty much employ the same principles of how we would intervene with type 2 diabetes, which would number one, put a priority on total body fat reduction. And then tier number two would be, all right, do we need to restrict carbohydrates even further? And so, that would be very similar with with PCOS and at kind of a population level with type 2 diabetes um roughly 130-ish grams of carbohydrates a day seems to be sort of the sweet spot uh below which people have an easier time controlling their blood sugar than above that total amount. But that's just a statistical average. We still have to look at things case by case. My girlfriend, she um has PCOS and she did the ketogenic diet with me. She's on it at the moment. We've been doing it for about 8 weeks now. >> Mhm. We we do it intermittently throughout the years. Um and she said her menstrual cycle has perfectly corrected itself. I think at its maximum it was like 60 days, her menstrual cycle. Mhm. And then because she's restricted her carbohydrates as you were saying in in in this way using keto it's it's like she said it's perfect. It's like perfectly predictable now. That's awesome. >> I I I say that in part because people I think people don't with PCOS who have irregular menstrual cycles don't often consider that carbohydrates, sugar, glucose, whatever could be the perpetrator. Yeah. Yeah, well, cuz it's framed as a disease like you're you're born with it, maybe it's heritable. Maybe there's an element of truth to that, but um it's crazy that that dietary intervention had such a profound impact on her menstrual cycle. It's glad to hear that you found something that works. Yeah. >> that's an you know, that's anytime you present with some sort of clinical condition I would first tell you, hey, see see an endocrinologist or see a doctor who specializes in that particular issue. And in terms of menstrual cycles generally, if you do have an irregular menstrual cycle, is there anything you should be thinking about? Number one, see a doctor. Number two, consider whether or not you were overtraining and undereating. Yeah. So, what happens with female physique competitors? Menstrual disruption, menstrual cessation a few months into prep. You sometimes even a few weeks into prep depending on how aggressive the diet is. And so, menstrual disruption is very common in competitive athletes and in recreational athletes who have to maintain a certain level of leanness while maintaining a high volume of exercise output. >> Is that the body from an evolutionary perspective saying, listen, we we don't have the energy to have a baby here? So, we're just going to shut this down. That is right on. Mhm. So, you kind of do you don't want to be restricting your calorie consumption too much if you have an irregular menstrual cycle and you're trying to correct that. Yeah. No, no. Um the so-called female athlete triad begins with overtraining, undereating potential eating disorder nurturing going on there and then down the line the menstrual cycle gets disrupted and stops and then hormonal changes happen that are negative and then at ultimately results in osteopenia osteoporosis. And so, that chain of events is unfortunately really common with women who um don't pay attention to healthy menstrual cycle. People use this term all the time, muscle memory. Mhm. I I I I thought it was nonsense. But I spoke to somebody the other day and they said to me, actually no, your your body does have a muscle memory, which means that if I fall off now uh and I stop going to the gym, my body is going to be able to get back to my current physique faster because I was here once upon a time. Is this is this true? That is true. There's some debate going on amongst the community what what goes on physiologically with like when you train, you create you create new myonuclei. So, you increase your so-called myonuclear domains and those stay relatively permanent even during times of detraining. But there's still the so-called proprioceptive or motor component to training that sticks with people. Sort of the skill aspect of it that sticks with people to be able to execute the movements and do the things to cause the adaptations. So, not only do you have muscle memory from the myonuclear domain standpoint but you have the motor learning and the neurological component. And to a degree, you you also have the skeletal component to be able to capacitate those that rebound in loading and muscle gain muscle regain, rather. Is the gut microbiome playing a role in my ability to lose weight? Mhm. Not a big one. Um of course, if I Why did you make that sound? Well, there's some people in the space who put the microbiome at as the master regulator everything. But it's definitely a part of the the axis of organ systems that that we manifest whatever, you know, result we're looking at. It's part of it, yes. But it's not the the it's not the main puppeteer of everything. Everything works in concert to and and I'll just give you an example there. So, there are certain supplements that are um that are claimed to be able to in quotes fix the gut microbiome and cause greater weight loss. So, there have been many studies looking at this sort of phenomenon. And while there is a statistically significant effect in some cases the absolute amount that they can help for things like body fat loss or body weight loss is usually not practically significant. It's it's too small to be considered meaningful. And so, I wouldn't necessarily rely on changes in the gut microbiome for impacting like global changes in body fat. Here, I have 20 eggs. I heard that you eat 20 eggs per week, which is about, you know, four eggs a day potentially. Why do you eat so many eggs? Well, number one, I'm one of those weirdos who actually loves eggs. I love the I love the taste of them. Um they're a great source of protein. Uh uh source of fat. Most of the fat in there is oleic acid, by the way, which is a monounsaturated fat predominates olive oil. It's a low saturated fat. Then, of course, the knock on eggs is their cholesterol content. Um but, interestingly, uh it's dietary saturated fat that has the greater magnitude of impact on blood lipids than than dietary cholesterol, interestingly enough. I recognize that the major health agencies would want you to stop your egg consumption to like one a day, possibly two a day if you're an elderly person. But, take the uh health agencies, um or even the consensus guidelines, as a okay, that's cool. That's a good starting point. Um I happen to like eggs. I'll eat more than that. Check my blood, check my health. I'm doing just fine. So, I'm one of those people who can do four eggs a day just fine. Is this part of your broader testosterone protocol? I I like the fact that uh eggs are conducive to testosterone production. >> So, you're 53 years old, right? >> Yes. >> test your testosterone levels? I have not tested my testosterone levels in forever. But, I'm not concerned with it. Because, once again, it would be a symptom-driven thing for me to even care. So, if I was experiencing the symptoms of low testosterone, then that would give me a reason to check it out and see what's going on. And then, I would have to take a step back and look and see what can I modify with lifestyle, what what do I have available to change non-drug wise. And you know what? If I ever need to take exogenous testosterone, if that day ever comes, well, then so be it. I'm just not there. What supplements do you take every day? I take a multivitamin. I take two multivitamins, actually. Uh the reason why I take two multivitamins is because it really uh certain key um nutrients in there, they they have to be in such small amounts per single pill that it's really just meaningless. And so, I take two multivitamins, one of them with iron, one of them without iron. And uh I also take fish oil. Uh I take magnesium. And I take vitamin D3. I take vitamin C. And and by the way, I really should preface this with this is the broscience side of my personal habits, because I'm taking my vitamins more on uh placing your bets basis, rather than, "Hey, man, this is just the bottom-line evidence-based. I think everybody should do this." Okay, so I want I want to make sure that's clear. I also take magnesium. And I also take collagen. And I also take creatine. If I told you you could only take three of those supplements, which three would you pick? That's a damn good question, man. Can I have uh can can I I'm going to count my two multis as one. So, your multivitamin. Would Would that be the first one? Yes. Okay, so multivitamin. And omega-3s, fish oil. Vitamin D3. So, you you sacked off the creatine. You're a genius. That's those are those would be those would be the top three. I would Can I add creatine in there? Could I squeeze it in there? >> no, no, no. Oh, bro. >> Pick three. So, you picked the multivitamin, omega-3, vitamin D3. Uh well, it might humble me to kick the creatine out. So, okay, fine. I'll I'll leave those three. You call creatine king creatine. Yeah. Why'd you call it that? It's the only non-pharmacological supplement that that really really has a very strong and deep and broad evidence base for um enhancing the effects of of resistance training. So, strength gains and size gains. More strength than size. This the size gains, they they come with the initial uh loading phase, where a lot more intramuscular water happens, or you know, in- in- intracellular, intramyocellular hydration. That is the the big immediate part of creatine that that folks feel when they go on it and when they go off of it. So, you you'll lose a few pounds of lean mass if you get off of creatine. I call it king creatine because it has possibly close to a I want to say it's reached a over a thousand studies. And the majority of those studies show um positive effects. Usually with with creatine, if you were to compare a group taking creatine versus a group not taking creatine. So, the creatine group will have like a 20% increase in their lifting capacity, whereas the non-creatine group will have like 12-ish percent increase in their lifting capacity over a typical study length, 8 to 12 weeks-ish. And so, that is a significant strength gain advantage. And over the long term, that would definitely augment muscle hypertrophy, as well. And once you're loaded with creatine, so being loaded with creatine means that you saturate your muscle creatine stores. And that requires either a loading phase of 20 to 25 g per day for 5 to 7 days, or um a maintenance phase that you engage with 3 to 5 g a day. You'll be loaded at um about 30 days. And so, during that loading phase, it's pretty common for people to gain roughly 2% of their body weight um as lean mass. Hm. People seem to talk about creatine like it's this miracle thing that everybody should be taking. That's one of the one of the few supplements that it seems all the experts I speak to about this stuff seem to agree upon. They obviously vitamin D and omega-3 comes up all the time and multivitamins. But, creatine seems to Yeah, nobody seems to have much of an issue with it or be able to point to many side effects of taking with it, both for men and women. Yeah, it's got the musculo- musculoskeletal um benefit. There Believe it or not, there's even um benefits for creatine on on joint health. So, um not only that, not only the athletic performance and muscle hypertrophy side, but there are things like uh improved glucose control, improved memory. So, different domains of cognition can be enhanced by The level of creatine in the brain can increase with with supplementation. And then, you create a pro-energy environment in the brain, and that's how uh these positive effects on memory happen with creatine supplementation, especially in people with uh cognitive decline. So, so it there's almost nothing creatine can't do. Wow. Hm. Some statement. A business is only as good as the people inside it. So, how do you make sure you're hiring the best? Our sponsor LinkedIn can help you find these applicants quickly. I believe in taking time to hire slowly, but I also understand that once you've decided to hire, you want to get the ball rolling and get the best candidates in front of you to start interviewing. And that's where paying to promote your role on LinkedIn makes all the difference, because you'll get applicants seven times faster than if you post your job for free. And even though slower, more considered hiring is important, you never want your hiring platforms to be what's holding you back. LinkedIn keeps pace. It takes care of the heavy lifting, sending you highly skilled candidates that you wouldn't find anywhere else. So, when the time comes to make your next hire, make it count and promote your job on LinkedIn. Head to linkedin.com/doac. That's linkedin.com/doac. Terms and conditions apply. Right, guys. I'm going to go get Steve. The guest is here. Ready? Come in. OH MY GOD, STEVE. WHAT? WHAT ARE YOU DOING? THIS IS UH THE boncharge face mask. It's uh good for blemishes, wrinkles. Uh clears up the skin. It's red light. Have you not used it before? No. You tried this before? It's um It's really really good. It shines red light on your face, which helps increase and boost collagen production. Actually found it out cuz of the missus. Seen her wearing it, she identified me a couple of nights in a row. Um I thought it was to scare people with, but actually, it's really really good for your skin. So, they are a sponsor of the podcast, and uh I've been using it every day for about a year and a half now. Wow. You're glowing. Well, Steve, you're glowing. It's great. Yes. And uh boncharge ships worldwide with easy returns and a year-long warranty on all of their products. So, visit boncharge.com/diary for 25% off on any product site-wide. But, you have to order through that link. That's boncharge.com/diary with code diary. Diet breaks. What's a diet break, and why does that Why is that a useful tool? Yes. So, one of the big things that dieters encounter are progress plateaus. And so, we can define a progress plateau as four to possibly eight weeks of no change in body composition, despite good compliance to the program. With that definition out of the way, intervening and overcoming or managing a plateau is really sort of this individualized process that needs to be looked at case by case, where, for example, if somebody feels like they're in the midst of a plateau, and they have been on program, then there's really only two reasons the plateau happened. So, reason number one is that their compliance was inconsistent. So, poor compliance is number one. Or number two, they have reached energy equilibrium. So, they've reached a genuine and bonafide new maintenance point. But, there's something that is overarching with the plateau concept that people need to understand. we automatically look at progress plateaus as something negative. When people need to their perception of what a plateau is. And the plateau is just the body doing its job. When we look at the body as an adaptive survival unit, then homeostasis is a big part of that. So, if the body achieves homeostasis, then hallelujah, we're we're going to live. We're going to survive. So, if for example somebody has a lot of weight to lose, let's say somewhere to the order of over 20 lbs, 20, 40, 60 lbs to lose. They have to understand that multiple plateaus will be encountered en route to their ultimate goal. the way that the body changes is always going to be this surge, slow, stop pattern. And it just continues this way. And with every progressive plateau, the surge part gets shorter. And the slowing part and then the plateau part gets longer. So, you can think of it as staircases and landings. So, with each successive plateau, the staircase gets shorter, the landing gets longer. But, it's supposed to go like that. And the plateaus should be getting longer because the ultimate goal after all is a plateau of sorts. And when people come to realize that, then they can look at plateaus as what I call maintenance practice. So, if they have that mental shift from seeing plateaus as this negative thing where I need to go sniff out the next great diet or the next great product, they can look at it as, all right, so the plateau is a good thing, the body is doing its job. Now, we have an opportunity to practice And think about it this way, too, Stephen. Anybody can get weight off. But, weight loss maintenance really is the issue. So, the better you get at weight loss maintenance, then the more you can win the game. How do I get good at weight loss maintenance? All right, so in order to properly maintain, you have to properly get there. And so, properly getting there means that you have to do your best to maintain your lean body mass while you're losing body fat. So, what happens to a lot of people when they diet is they lose a lot of lean body mass along Lean body mass, you mean muscle? >> mass. >> Muscle mass. Along with their fat mass. muscle tissue is something very important to keep on the body while you're losing fat. Because muscle is we can look at it as our metabolically active Every tissue is metabolically active, even even body fat. But, muscle tissue specifically is the center of our dietary fuel usage. It is the metabolic engine of the body, if you will. And so, if you're losing muscle tissue, you're really losing metabolic leverage while you're losing body fat. So, the way that I infer that is that muscle's very greedy. Yeah, it it takes a lot takes up a lot of calories. So, if I lose my muscle, when I get when I drop my weight, it's almost like the greedy guy who who sucks up all my calories is no longer there. And so, I'm quite likely just to to rebound quite quickly. That's a great analogy. And and it's accurate, too. And in fact, there is a phenomenon that in the literature, it's called collateral fattening. And that happens when the body senses an energy crisis at the end of a diet where you've lost a bunch of muscle mass. The body senses that, oh my gosh, we just lost a bunch of precious tissue. We have to do whatever we can to get it back. And so, your hunger signals ramp up. And your body kind of behaviorally and even metabolically does what is necessary for you to feed that back as soon as possible. And this does not necessarily happen, certainly not to that kind of magnitude, if you keep your muscle mass while you're losing body fat. You don't experience this collateral fattening type of phenomenon where people just rebound like crazy because their appetite is out of control at the end of the diet. So, the way that you preserve muscle mass during the fat loss process is a couple things. So, you have to make sure that your rate of weight loss isn't indicative of something that's too quick. about a half a percent to a full percent of your body weight lost per week is as fast as you really want to go. So, what roughly a pound a week. Uh some people who start off heavier, okay, 2 lbs a week is fine at the very beginning. But, you generally don't want to lose more than 1% of your total body weight per week because then that increases the chances that you're losing an undue amount of muscle mass along with your fat mass. And so, if you can in essence control the weight loss rate, then you will keep your lean mass. Now, the other two things that need to be going on at the same time are you need to be resistance training and you need to be consuming enough protein. So, strength training and Enough protein, you got resistance training, and then you have sort of a top speed limiter on how much weight that you lose per week. And 1% loss a week 1% loss a week is spectacular, actually. For most people. Even a pound a week, even half a pound a week, you're looking at like in 2 years you lost 50 lbs. Most people took like two decades to put on that 50 lbs. >> So, you actually don't want to lose weight too quickly or else you are susceptible to rebound. It is going to come off quickly if you have a lot of weight to lose. It'll come off quickly at the beginning. So, for example, uh somebody who is in a state of obesity, let's say they weigh 250 lbs. And let's say they're losing two to a half pounds a week at the beginning of the program, that's fine. on average, on average, you you would want to look at roughly a pound a week is a good benchmark. And I still would not frown upon or scoff at a half a pound a week for certain cases. And we can talk about some of those stubborn cases. Like it on the topic of plateaus, for example. I had a client, uh I I'm sure she doesn't mind being named uh she's a great person, Pam Pam Greshock. She's a veteran coach in the space. Uh she's perimenopausal, so she's in her her 40s. And she wanted to lose what we calculated out to be 8 lbs of fat. And she stored the majority of it where she didn't want it was around the midsection. And I had in mind that, okay, this is somebody who's perimenopausal, so there's going to be a lower rate of progress going on. This is somebody who is highly trained, so she doesn't have a lot more muscle to put on that would give her some, you know, some extra in quotes So, she's highly trained, perimenopausal, wants to lose 8 lbs of fat, which would represent the final 8 lbs, sort of that that pushing the envelope. Knowing those three things, I knew that this is going to be a difficult and slow going process. So, whereas I would normally have somebody expect roughly or at least gun for a pound a week loss, for Pam, it was more like, are you going to be okay with 1 to 2 lbs per month? Like if we can get rid of 1 to 2 lbs of body fat per month, I would be happy with it and I think you should be happy with it. And so, I convinced her of that. And with her wanting to lose 8 lbs, I think it helps to give people a visual of what a certain amount of weight loss looks like. So, coincidentally, a gallon a gallon jug, if you fill it with butter, that's 8 lbs. And so, I had her visualize this 8-lb jug. And um I also had her do a butter visualization, too. So, um a standard stick of butter is 4 oz. So, four sticks of butter is 1 lb. And uh in her case, she wanted to lose well, she wanted to lose 8 lbs, so that's 32 sticks of butter that would be removed from her body at the end of the dieting cycle. Is that what this is here? What is this? That is 10 lbs of butter. This is an amazing freaking visual and this is because you asked about diet breaks as a tool for people achieving long-term weight loss or just breaking through plateaus or managing plateaus. So, every 5 to 10 pounds that somebody loses in a dieting cycle is high time for a diet break. The way you can define a diet break and put some parameters on it. So, it it's what I call non-yolo maintenance. So, you take off the rules, take off the restrictions, but you're not eating with sheer abandon. You're just relaxing the diet. You take a week off the diet either every 4 to 8 weeks while you're dieting or you take a week off of the diet every 5 to 10 pounds that you lose. And the sound of 5 to 10 pounds seems like, "Oh, that's nothing." Mhm. But, no, it's a milestone. This is 10 pounds. Yes. That's crazy. 10 pounds of of butter off the body. So, yeah, every time you you lose 10 pounds, it's 5 to 10 pounds in in my experience is high time to take a diet break to just alleviate the mental and the physical fatigue of dieting. And that's one of the tactics that you can use for long-term adherence to a plan. On the topic of plateaus, you can when you're dieting, you will hit a point where the plateau periods or the maintenance phases are going to be longer than the dieting phases. I think that that's ideal to be able to hit that point for a long-term weight loss goal. it's a lot easier or at least a lot less intimidating for somebody to know that they're going to be dieting for 4 to 8 weeks at a time in between a let's say a 2 to 3-month maintenance phase. What about fasting? Do you think that fasting is cuz a lot of people talk about this thing called autophagy where if you fast for I don't know, 48 hours, your body switches into the state of autophagy where it starts to heal and repair itself. Are you a fan of fasting? For weight loss or for autophagy or other things? For the control of calories in, fasting is legit. And it's also legit for it it actually works as a as one of the options for dieting. There just has been a massive accumulation of studies showing that it works great. So, the intermittent fasting variants, we have one one we talked about earlier, time-restricted eating. And we've got every other day fasting. And then the other third major variant would be twice-weekly fasting or the 5:2 type of model. And then you have like consecutive day fasting type of models as well, which are less studied because there's more risk involved in them and it's tough to, you know, incur that risk in research. When you bring up autophagy, that's where I kind of have to push back on not on your your mentioning of it specifically, but just in general. People will say will make claims that yeah, autophagy we can say that we can explain autophagy as a way that the body gets rid of parts of damaged cells. It's an important process within the body. And it is a catabolic process or a breakdown process. But, the thing is it happens in a caloric deficit regardless of whether fasting is involved or not. Really? Yes. You maintain hypocaloric conditions, autophagy ramps up. Um you can have a linear hypocaloric model or a non-linear or intermittent hypocaloric model. you'll get similar degrees of autophagy if you match the caloric deficit by the end of the week. Now, the other interesting thing about autophagy is that you can ramp up autophagy through exercise. And not only that, but both major types of exercise will increase autophagy. So, resistance training increases autophagy. Endurance aerobic type training So, if you want to in quotes chase autophagy, then doing it through intermittent fasting or just going through prolonged periods of not eating can be a double-edged sword. Whereas the autophagy increases through exercise, they almost don't have a downside. And so, um a lot of times with intermittent fasting, it can be a great tool for people who need to lose excess body weight. But, what I'm seeing in the community is people thinking that intermittent fasting is something that is necessary to do regardless of body fat level. That is either necessary or beneficial. And that's not actually true per per the research. There's there's a it's one study in particular that looked at men who were >> a hormone that mobilizes fuel stores in the absence of food. In the absence of calories. And autophagy is similar in that regard. And I think that a focus on pushing is sort of missing the forest for the trees. Because if we were to push autophagy to its end, then we could go all the way to a phenomenon called autolysis, which is runaway cell death, which happens in starvation in some cases. And so, I think that we need to focus on other things like how do we maintain a certain body fat percentage while maintaining a certain physical activity level while maintaining a certain dietary pattern. I think that it's those things that are much more productive to target than seeing how far can we push before potentially going into runaway cell death. Mhm. I was looking at the the benefits of this thing they call autophagy and it says they are the the proven likely benefits are cellular clean up, so repairs damaged proteins and organelles, I believe, improving cell efficiency. Metabolic health improves insulin sensitivity. Neuroprotection, heart and muscle quality, maintains mitochondria, helps adapt to training and oxidative stress. Immune tuning and longevity. There's sort of strong animal evidence, I believe, around the longevity component, but they the research that I was reading talked about how it can backfire because um tumors may use a top autophagy to survive. Um and some treatments for established cancers aim to inhibit it. And if you overdo fasting, as you said in the study you cited, you can lose muscle, which is not great, and be fatigued, etc. Um, there is a bit of a trend, I think, with people doing a lot of water fasts and stuff like that quite periodically. I think it's rising, and even sort of juice fasts and stuff like that. What's your take on those types of fasts? I'm not a big fan, Steven. Uh, I think that the cycle that people go through, at least in the developed world, is that they go through the year, then November comes around, and then the holidays hit. They overdo it from November to through December, all the way up to the end of the year, and they're like, "Oh boy, I have 10 to 20 lb that I want to lose." And then they just use these sort of fasts and these detoxes to crash off the bad decisions of the previous few months. And then the cycle repeats annually. So, I think that it's a much healthier approach for people to secure and reinforce the right habits through the entirety of the year, instead of um jumping on the fast to get rid of the the the holiday binges. This sort of brings me to the ketogenic diet. Um, my dad used the ketogenic diet, and I think actually my brother as well. Um, but also a few of my friends in my life used it as a way to drop their fat quite quickly, to sort of recomposite their body um very, very quickly. And the results of seeing someone on the ketogenic diet quite astounding, because what my friend the other day uh sent me a the chart of his weighing scales at home, and it's this sort of gradual increase upwards, and then he did the ketogenic diet where he cut out carbohydrates and sugars basically almost entirely, and it's just straight line down in his body his body weight. What is your perspective on the ketogenic diet? What is it good for? What is it not good for? Is it good at all? It is a very effective way to lose weight and And that's for a few big reasons. First of all, if somebody goes from their typical Western dietary pattern to the ketogenic diet, then they're automatically cutting out a lot of highly processed, hyperpalatable carb-fat combo junk foods and snacks that are just energy dense, easy to overconsume mindlessly. That's the good thing about the ketogenic diet, in addition to, well, they're finally eating enough protein now. And so, along with the increase in protein comes an increase in satiety and a better hunger control. Now, the negatives of the ketogenic diet, the big one is that the majority of people who engage a ketogenic diet, they don't do it permanently. For one reason or another, they're no longer on the keto diet. And this is reflected in research as well, even in vulnerable populations who would stand to benefit from from that level of restriction. So, usually what happens in research is you take you take a group two groups of subjects, and one is on the high-carb, low-fat control diet, and one of them is on a ketogenic diet, which can be achieved by a maximum of 50 g of carbohydrate in the day or less, then you're on the keto diet. So, what happens at the 12-month point in the diet, and sometimes at the 6-month point, the keto group is now consuming about two to three times more carbohydrates than the original 50-g assignment. So, they rebound? They just insidiously creep up the carb intake. There's something about the ketogenic diet that the majority of people who engage it just can't stick to it. It's too restrictive for people. They can't stick to it, but what but what you're saying, they also end up rebounding above where they were before. They end up rebounding like I'll give you a specific example. There was one study Well, there was the A-to-Z study, where individuals on the Atkins diet ended up consuming what looked a lot like the Zone diet. The Zone diet? Yes. The Zone diet is a 40% carbohydrate, 30% protein, 30% fat. >> So, it's like the keto diet roughly. Um, the keto diet is more like 60 to 80% fat, and then, you know, 15 to 20-ish% protein, and then the carbohydrates are the remainder. A very minor percentage. So, what happens is like the people who started off at 50 g of carbohydrate at the beginning of the study, the keto group, at the 12-month point, they were they crept that carbohydrate intake up to around 150 g of carbohydrate, whereas their assignment was 50 g of carbohydrate a day. This is a common theme long-term keto studies is this up creep in carbohydrate intake over time, because people can't maintain the the 50 g of carbohydrate max required to stay in ketosis. And I'm not saying that there aren't a lot of people out there who are just living the keto life permanently. They're out there. Yeah. But they are in the minority. I see them in the comment section whenever I talk about keto. I I see people say, "I've been on the keto diet for 5 years, for 7 years, for 10 years." >> Sure. There's entire There's huge communities of folks who've been on keto for 5, 10 years. They're or longer. And that's great. More power to these folks. But claiming that this is a universal solution ignores the reality that some people, most people, uh part of the research, the majority, can't stick to it. So, that's the the caveat one of the caveats of the keto diet. The other one would be for those who can stick to the keto diet for long enough. You really have to look at the quality of uh the diet in order for it to be cardiovascularly healthy. If you're going to engage an let's say an 80 85% fat diet for the rest of your life, there's going to be very different effects if that 80 to 85% are from land animal fats versus from nuts, avocados, olive oil. Very different cardiovascular effects going on there. uh that's the other caveat with the keto diet. There's a Mediterranean type of keto diet that is healthy, and that has you know, it it is one of these cardiovascularly protective types of diets that you can engage. Whereas, if you just do like beef, bacon, and butter from here on out, then you don't have the best cardiovascular risk trajectory. What about gaining muscle on the ketogenic diet? If I'm restricting carbohydrates, is it more difficult to gain muscle mass? The short answer is yes. And the nuanced answer is you still can gain muscle on keto. And the body is is really resilient and and quite genius at manufacturing the carbohydrate um endogenously, or from within the body. So, your your body can make carbohydrate out of lactate, fill at least partially your muscle glycogen stores. And so, um going on a zero carbohydrate diet doesn't necessarily end up with the type of results that you you you might imagine for somebody who's completely avoiding carbohydrates. And in the research comparing strength gains from a high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet versus a keto diet, the keto folks, as long as they're equated with protein and total calories with the control diet, they've got similar strength gains. It's quite a an interesting phenomenon. Muscle size gains is different story, interestingly. Almost always there's some advantage to the high-carb, low-fat control group compared with the ketogenic diet group when it comes to both gains in lean mass, as well as retention of lean mass during dieting. And one of those things um more or less obvious. It's like you you simply carry more muscle glycogen when you're on a high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet. And muscle glycogen glycogen is the stored form of carbohydrate within the muscle, and then a minor amount in the liver. And for every gram of carbohydrate that you store as glycogen, there's um three-ish grams of water stuck to it. And so, just sitting there, you're carrying more more muscle mass, more fullness on a non-ketogenic diet. What about the carnivore diet? A lot people have talked about that recently, um which is just a diet where you just eat meat. What's What's your point of view on that? Well, okay, it's a little silly and it's a little extreme, but it has some merit to it. So, the carnivore diet, when you get on it, it's similar to how when people go on a keto diet after they've been doing the standard Western diet since forever. So, the standard Western diet has too much of everything. It's got too much total calories, too much refined carbohydrate. It's got too much of this type of fat and too much It's got a moderate amount of protein, but you're also eating everything under the sun from burgers to fries to cakes to ice creams to cookies uh in addition to pasta and everything else. when you go from that excess of everything to the carnivore diet, you automatically and spontaneously eat far fewer calories than you used to on your standard Western diet. So, the carnivore diet is actually the lesser of the evils when we're comparing it to the standard Western diet. you can even try to optimize the carnivore diet. Like some people engage a carnivore diet that is just extreme. Like beef and salt. Okay, so that is very appealing to people who have a tendency to jump on the carnivore diet cuz it's even more extreme. And people with tendencies towards the extremes, they'll a lot of them are ex-vegans actually, carnivores. Cuz they can only be on one extreme side or the other. It's tougher them to be in the gray scale here. But the carnivore diet is um the lesser of the evils. It can be optimized if that's even possible if people had more variety within their carnivore model, within their plant-free diet model. Like for example, if some body went carnivore instead of doing beef and salt, he had a rotation of fatty fish, poultry, beef, eggs, dairy. And who knows, he maybe he might even justify protein powder in there for a dessert. Who knows? It It's still animal based. Um Do you find that vegans and vegetarians struggle more to gain muscle mass? Typically. Vegans and vegetarians in the general population do because they're not aware of how to structure the diet and the training program to to achieve that. So, What are they missing? They're just not eating enough total calories and they're not eating enough Generally speaking. Now, there are some vegans who will drink a bunch of Mountain Dew and you know, have have um potato chips and and things like that and still stay vegan. And Oreo cookies are vegan, I I believe as well. But vegans can still gain muscle on par with omnivores if they structure it right. Are most people that you encounter and have worked with over the years not getting enough protein? Like the average Yes. >> the street. Yes. Almost everybody who has been overweight or obese or just had some degree of of an issue with their body fat levels, almost all of them under consume protein. What about people that are very skinny? Because I've got a lot of friends that um would be in the skinny fat category where they they're kind of they look very very very skinny, but they've got, you know, a little bit of roll here. Um and they often say to me that they just can't gain weight. Mhm. I've heard this a lot from from friends. I just I just can't get gain weight. I've heard I need to have more protein, but you know, I'm just not gaining any weight. Yeah, that is the in quotes hard gainer phenomenon. And people will have different degrees of body fat in in that category, but these folks, what they actually have an issue with is a spontaneous increase in what we call non-exercise activity thermogenesis. So, basically, it's an increase in spontaneous movement. Just an increase in fidgeting, you know, tapping, moving around, uh being more hyperkinetic in response to increasing their caloric intake. In 24 hours, you and I expend X amount of calories. Mhm. So, total daily energy expenditure is composed of um various components. So, there is a resting energy expenditure component. >> Mhm. So, our so-called resting metabolic rate or it's also called resting energy expenditure or basal metabolic rate. Those are all interchangeable. That is the amount of calories that your body burns in a 24-hour period just to stay alive. Okay, so if you were bedridden, the amount of calories you you burn just through your vital organs and your systems working, that's your resting energy expenditure. Now, the other part of energy expenditure is your active energy expenditure. So, active energy expenditure consists of we can subdivide it into your exercise activity and your non-exercise activity. With hard gainers, it's their non-exercise activity that spontaneously goes up when they try to eat more to gain weight. So, there's an interesting study done in the late 1990s by Levine and colleagues he took a group of normal weight subjects. It was mostly male sample of subjects. And he fed them 1,000 calories above and beyond their maintenance requirements. And I believe this what was for 10 weeks. What happened during the during the study and as a result of eating 1,000 calories above their maintenance needs, they ended up burning on average 336 calories through an increase in non-exercise activity. So, that that is a very interesting phenomenon. One of the subjects in that study actually ended up burning almost 700 calories as an increase in their non-exercise activity thermogenesis. what happens to this archetype, this hard gainer person, is they just start fidgeting more, they just start walking faster, they just start sitting less, they start bobbing their head more. And they can even just subconsciously train harder, train more. And their energy expenditure side just ramps up spontaneously in response to an increase in calories. So, So, what if someone is a hard gainer and they struggle to gain weight because of this sort of spontaneous energy usage, what advice would you give them? To stop moving? Eat more. the principle would be to eat more. Uh the practice would be eat more in a way that you get those calories in easily and conveniently. And so, you can structure liquid meals, two in a day, they rarely need three, shakes to have between their meals at any point in the day where it's convenient. And then you just literally add nutrition and calories that way. And that So, that's the solution. Just literally eat more. I think the the thing that sits underneath everything we're talking about is motivation. Whatever that means, which is like having the motivation to stick to something. Discipline, whatever you want to call When you look back through the last 30 years of your career, are there any similarities in the thing or the catalyst moment that made somebody finally stick to it? Stick to the diet, stick to the exercise regime, stick to the whatever. Mhm. Is there are there any themes of a person going from struggling to disciplined? So, the first thing that comes to my mind is they finally arrive at the point where their physical goals become priority number one. Changing the body, so losing body fat, gaining muscle, achieving your ideal body composition. That is a colossally difficult goal. Whenever I work with somebody who's preparing for a contest of some sort, whether it is in the more elite line of physique contest or whether they're just joining a transformation challenge, but they're both very very serious and they both are putting their program at the top of their priority list. So, when I say top of your priority, I mean you do what you need to do to stay alive and and and keep breathing as as a top priority. And right there is your physical goals. the big problem with people who find that they can't hit their goals or they can't stay consistent or they're just having a struggle losing X amount of body fat or even a struggle gaining X amount of muscle is that they simply have five other things that are prioritized in their day above and beyond their their program. Mhm. So, they have five universes of excuses that can come in the way of sticking to the program. So, somebody has to be at the point in their lives where they're going to make it a top priority because, you know, there's nothing metabolically different from these physique competitors and these people who join these challenges versus somebody in the general population who's just struggling. The people in the physique contests will always hit their goal within 1% at the end of the prep period. They'll always hit their goal. And so, they're not a different species. They're not a different animal. They don't have special metabolisms. They just have different priorities. And so, that is the difference. You have to hit a point where your physical goal becomes priority one. And is there anything that one can do in your opinion or that you try and do when you were trainer back in the day to make this someone's priority? You can sit somebody down review with them the what are the reasons why you're doing this. Name me three three three good things that you think will come out of this or three drivers that you can think about. And then you can just have them write that down. And then they can be reminded that way. fundamentally, Steven, they have to arrive at that point sort of on a self-initiated way. You you can't really make the horse drink, you know? You can pull them towards the freaking pond, but you know, they almost have to to get there themselves. And And you're kind of you can facilitate it only to a certain degree. And after you ask them, okay, what what are the reasons? Then you can also have them put in their face, okay, what are the barriers? So, to have them write down your three biggest stumbling blocks. And so, then you can give them two sets of things to think about that will keep them on task and motivated. You're 53 years old? 53. 53 years old. You looked very different at 40 years old. Ah, oh, yes, sir, I did. Yeah. Whoa, buddy. Yep, yep. Mhm. I remember that guy. Whoo. That's an amazing shot. I mean, you look younger now. I do, actually. Thank god. Thank god. Yeah. Yeah. picture always gets me. Why? It was when my my first son was sevenish and my younger baby was about four. parents with young children are very stressed out. Bad habits. I used to drink heavily. Yeah, I I started drinking heavily at that point. Um and I drank heavily from when I was 40 till I was about 46. Were you an alcoholic at at 40 years old? Oh, yes. Oh, yes. What did that look like? It was it it got really bad towards the final couple years. I'm talking a bottle bottle and a half of wine a a night by myself. 7 days a week? 7 days a week. And the bottle and a half, that's almost 1,000 calories of 1,000 calories of regret is what it was. Do you know what caused that? The various stress vectors in life, you know, um being a dad, trying to be the best husband, becoming successful uh in terms of coming into demand with projects and people approaching me with business partnerships and um me thinking, geez, I I I worked like two decades for this for this stuff to happen. How can I turn anything down, you know? So, I said, yes, I'll do that. Yes, I'll do that. Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yeah. And pretty soon your your yeses just stack up and your work pile stacks up like this. All of those things, you know, they kind of converge into this mix of stress and anxiety and alcohol is a very convenient and very available and very acceptable means to engage in a substance that acts as an anxiety band-aid. My alcohol addiction was a very real thing uh I'm really glad I I overcame it. Through this period from 40 to 46, 47, who were you and what what is it that you you did that made you realize something had to change? So, during that time period, I was just very reactive to my environment. I was just going with the flow. Uh I honestly was not as ambitious as I should have been and and focused on my goals. I was comfortable. Yeah, I was comfortable. the unfortunate thing about the drink and fortunate thing too is it hit it hit a rock bottom point I knew that it wasn't a matter of, all right, I got to pull back or how am I going to moderate and this and that. It was more like, I just need to stop. I just need to stop and I need to redirect this tendency towards routine, this tendency, this sort of obsessive-compulsive thing of needing to do the same thing daily. Just redirect it. How did you know you needed to stop? Oh, I knew that I needed to stop because my professional and personal life basically imploded all all because of my my own actions. Now, for you, was it just a case of, right, I'm going to stop doing this? Or did you have to Did you go somewhere? Did you get support? Did you seek some counseling or anything like that? So, I have been able to just make the hardcore commitment to stop and keep that commitment and um I've been able to redirect my ritualistic tendencies towards training and good nutrition. And I get a lot of questions cuz like every year I do a post on Instagram about how, okay, it's year six now, not a single drink. Here's what I've learned during that time. And then uh next month, uh actually on the 25th of August, uh that's going to be year seven. So, I'm going to do the same thing. And so, the question I always get is, so, how do you stay abstinent? Like, what what do you do to not slip up? what I do is if I get kind of a craving or a nagging or a feeling like, oh my god, I got to have some alcohol, then I just sit back and I think through the scenario in my mind of me drinking to my degree of satisfaction, degree of you know, S-facedness. And then I kind of picture that. And then I picture how it might last for an hour or two. And then after that hour or two, I may have made some really bad impressions on on one or more people. Uh after that hour or two, I may have plowed through the the hot wings at 2:00, 3:00 a.m. And then after that, feel like hell the next morning, definitely can't work out that day. And then where did that get me? And so, I just go through that scenario in my mind. And then when I'm done going through that scenario, it takes like a minute, then I'm right back at uh where I need to be uh mind frame wise. I think the same could also apply that sort of visualization, that pre-mortem where you kind of play out the scenario and see what the consequence would be can also be applied to many things we're talking about today around diet and workouts and stuff like that. Like playing it forward to see how you'll feel about it in the future and sort of visualizing those consequences. Thank you for sharing that. I I I think it's somewhat dovetailed into how what what we're talking about about changing your life and motivation and discipline. Like how does change occur in people? And as you said, it's when it becomes a priority. And quite clearly in your life, it became a priority for a number of reasons. Quick one. I want to talk about something we all need to take seriously, which is cybersecurity. Whether you're a first-time founder facing your very first audit or a seasoned professional who's been through it all, staying compliant is getting more critical than ever and more complicated, I have to say. And that is where Vanta comes in, who is a sponsor of this podcast. Vanta takes the pain out of security compliance, automating the tedious but essential process of proving your business is secure across over 35 frameworks like SOC 2, ISO 27001. Centralize your workflows, answer security questions up to five times faster, and protect your business without losing focus on growth. And this is really a critical part of this. A new IDC white paper found that companies using Vanta save over $535,000 a year, and it pays for itself in just 3 months. For a limited time, my community gets $1,000 off Vanta at vanta.com/steven. That's vanta.com/steven for $1,000 off. Electrolytes are absolutely exploding at the moment, and it's for good reason. People are getting more and more into their health and fitness, and one of the things that I think we've recently discovered as a society is the profound impact that electrolytes have on hydration, but also the impact that hydration has on how you feel, how you perform, how you think. So, with all that in mind and because I became quite obsessed with electrolytes, I decided I was going to launch my own electrolytes company, as you do. And as I was doing that, I spoke to my friend George Heaton and I said, "George, I'm launching this electrolytes business. Can you take a look at it?" He said, "Steven, me and my friend Ross had already developed one and would love to show it to you." And then they put me in this WhatsApp group and said, "We're building a brand called Cadence. We haven't launched yet, but take a look." I took a look. I tried the cans, I tried the sachets, and I fell in love. So, I shut down my own electrolytes company and took a stake in this one called Cadence, which has been by far and away the best product in terms of taste, but also in terms of performance. 500 mg of sodium, 190 mg of potassium, 30 mg of magnesium, no sugar. Delicious taste. Give it a shot. Go to usecadence.com and join what I believe to be is the fastest-growing electrolytes company on planet Earth. Cheers. How do you feel about artificial sweeteners? Are they uh is there any any watch-outs that we should be aware of? Generally speaking, they're a nothing burger. And there's a lot of scaremongering around artificial sweeteners. But, there is one artificial sweetener that has a kind of a uh crabby track record for both impairing glucose control and also weight gain. And that's saccharin. So, saccharin is the one artificial sweetener that's kind of bombed out at the bomb shelter there. As far as the literature is concerned. But, the good news about saccharin it's by the way, it's the little pink packet things. It's not really uh commercially pervasive. So, it's not that popular anyway. No, it's almost commercially extinct. So, um the other sweeteners like sucralose, aspartame, stevia, or some people call it stevia. they're all fair game. They're all in the same boat. All pretty dang innocuous. And you'd have to consume impossible amounts of those things to incur negative health effects in in a lifetime, really. Cuz some people have thought that they're potentially carcinogenic. These sort of artificial sweeteners that you find in certain diet beverages. Yeah, no. That's that's definitely a leap. That's definitely a leap based on animal data and completely unrealistic doses and conditions that are irrelevant to human physiology. It's it's more dangerous stepping out and breathing in the the city air, basically. What is the most important thing we haven't talked about that we should have talked about, Alan? For the people that are sat at home listening to this. >> That's really damn good question. if we look at the things people care about that don't freaking matter in terms of diet. They fixate on weird buzzwords. Like they fixate on not even They don't have to be weird words, but like sugar, for example. There has been such scaremongering around sugar to the point that people don't delineate between added sugars to the diet versus sugar that is intrinsic or naturally occurring in foods. For fruit? Things like fruit, fresh fruit. And even milk has naturally occurring uh sugar in it, lactose. Um can be problematic for um some of the population, but look at fresh fruit. I've actually heard people vilify fruit because it has sugar. it's one thing to take an idea and put out a a plausible claim. Okay, so yeah, it's got sugar. And then, you know, we all know that if you add a ton of sugar to the diet, you lower the quality of the diet and then you can push your bets towards negative health consequences down the line. Okay, that that's fine. That's reasonable. But even though fruit has sugar it also has a ton of other beneficial components to And it's in this low-calorie, high-water, high-micronutrient-density package that is satiating and displaces stomach space for otherwise junky foods that you may a lot of people would have consumed instead of that fruit. But, beyond all that, for forget about all the reasoning and stuff. Let's look at the literature. Does fruit cause negative health consequences? Does it cause things like impaired blood glucose control? Does it cause obesity? Does it cause weight gain? Uh it does the opposite of all those things. Fresh fruit actually has been shown to improve glycemic control, improve body weight, improve body composition, and improve the protection against a range of cardiometabolic diseases and cancer. it doesn't really matter what anybody says. We just have to face face the evidence. Um there's something called the glycemic index that was big in the '80s and '90s and people were It's kind of come back around again. Glycemic index. You got to avoid the high glycemic index foods and things like that. And there's a couple of fruits that are actually have a high glycemic index. That would be pineapples and and watermelons. Watermelons? Yeah. High on the GI scale, but the way that glycemic index is determined is you get 50 g of carbohydrate from a given food. Regardless of the amount that you have to eat. 50 g of it and then you measure its effect on your blood sugar levels for 2 hours after ingestion. I was going to say cuz watermelons seen as keto-friendly, which is But it but Watermelons have what's called a low glycemic load. So, they have a very low amount of carbohydrate per serving. Yeah, per serving, yeah. Even though the carbohydrate itself, if you were to gather 50 g of it, would have a a more pronounced effect on blood sugar elevations. Right. And so, they're even though fruits those fruits have a high GI and certain foods have a high GI they have a low glycemic load. And ultimately people need to stop um stop and think about things. Like the the longest-living populations on the planet do not avoid fruit. The fruit is a regular part of their intake. What about the white stuff? The white sort of added sugar There is it called refined sugar? Yeah, refined or we can call it added sugar. Mhm. What about the added sugar? Added sugar is problematic in two different ways, at least. So, the first way is it's diluting the nutrient density of the diet. It's it's a phenomenon called micronutrient dilution when you have just a bunch of junk micronutrient-free calories in the diet. The other way that it poses a problem is because it is usually packaged with highly processed and engineered refined carbohydrate and fat combination foods. So, your classic desserts. Pastries, cookies, cakes. Things like that. the sugar itself, if you were to If I were to just put a a jar of sugar in front of you and say, "Hey, I challenge you to not just spoon that in." You'll go, "Oh, no problem." It's people paint sugar out to be this inherently evil thing, but the way that it gets into trouble is when it is a part of these hyperpalatable, highly processed, highly engineered dessert and snack foods. And so, that is the main issue with added sugar. And the various health organizations I mentioned the Institute of Medicine, or now the National Academy of Medicine saying, "Hey, we need to cut off our added sugars at 25% of the diet." There's the World Health Organization who presents the sort of the absolutely terrified version of that where they want people to max out their added sugar to to 5% of the calories in the diet. that's usually not realistic. And it gets a little bit extreme to the point of being um pathological. So, >> So, what would you say? Uh 10% of total max with with added sugar. And that would fall kind of right into this discretionary caloric allotment of 10 to 20% of calories kind of from whatever you want. And I would want to qualify that 10 to 20% margin by saying if you're hypercaloric in other words, if you're consuming more calories than you're taking in with you're trying to gain gain weight or something like that. You probably want to keep your your discretionary calorie allotment to 10% or your indulgence food to 10% rather than 20%. How many days a week do you go to the gym? Four to five. I'm just trying to confront this this question mark in my head about if you go to the gym 7 days a week, for example is that not giving your body enough time to rest, but I guess it depends what you're doing there and how hard you're working. Yeah, and a great example of that is total sets per week. Okay. >> You know, like you can cram Let Let's imagine for a given muscle group you do like nine sets nine sets a week or 10 sets a week. Uh you could probably get those in in a single session, but it's more productive to probably spread it out over at least 2 days. How long does it take for me to start to lose muscle? Oh, man. Okay. That is a good question and a tough one. So, muscle loss happens very rapidly in bedridden Mhm. uh individuals. So, lean mass just especially critically ill folks, oh man, goes really fast. Contrast that with you taking a week off or even 2 weeks off, but it's more of like uh an active rest where you're not just merely sitting around. You could probably go a couple weeks before you start noticing material drops in in strength and fitness. Uh 3 weeks, yeah, you'll definitely I think you'll definitely feel that. >> And do I need to work out till failure in terms of resistance training and like you know bicep curls or whatever in order to get gains? Do I need to be going all the way until I can't curl it anymore? It depends on the goal. Um you mentioned that your goal was to gain muscle. in reality, um and and this question is surprisingly more complex than you might hope it it's going to be, but okay. When people try to train to failure, and this has been tested out in the research literature, they usually automatically leave one to two reps in the tank, even three reps in the tank. And even trained even resistance trained subjects when you tell them to train failure or leave one rep in reserve, they'll routinely leave actually two to three reps in reserve. So, people underestimate their their abilities to push. Uh they usually as almost an automatic margin there that the body sort of regulates and governs Mhm. and sort of automatically prevents you from going. So, with that said, I think that most people can train to failure without worrying about whether they're violating the the golden guidelines seen in the literature what uh it's very common for um the consensus in the exercise science community, even in the hypertrophy folks to say, "Yeah, leave a one to two reps in reserve." I think that depends on on the exercise. you'd be kind of a fool to be doing lateral raises to to like to think that you can't do partials for lateral raises and and still get some benefit out of it. And you'd be kind of a fool to think, "Yeah, I'm I'm going to do concentration curls here. I'm going to leave a one to two reps in reserve." No, that's different. On the other hand, deadlifting, benching, squatting, these sort of uh free weight barbell multi-joint types movements, oh they're they're more conducive to leaving one to two reps in the tank. But for single joint isolation exercises and even machine exercises and lighter loads, where it's safe take it to failure, man. We have a closing tradition on this podcast where the last guest leaves a question for the next not knowing who they're leaving it for. And the question left for you is how does nature impact on your life? It it has quite a big impact. yeah. It It has an impact and and obviously the environment is important. I'm wondering through the lens of what you do in terms of you know you know mindset and health and you know these kinds of things, if you think much about being outside versus being inside. You know, I've even read some interesting studies around people that run outside versus on a treadmill have a more sort of uh have cognitive benefits because the brain is stimulated more. I think that there there's a good amount of literature on the psychological benefits of just being in nature or even getting getting some sun. And I think that there's epidemiological like population based data showing that marine communities tend to be the longevity champs. Marine, what does that mean? Uh communities that live that live by the ocean or close to the ocean. And Probably that all that omega-3 they're eating >> Yeah, and that factors in as well, for sure. But that just the kind of almost the metaphysical effect of going to the beach, you know. That's got to play in. And so So, yeah. I I I think it definitely has an effect and I think that there are data that we can point to that says it does. Alan, where where should people go right now if they want to learn more from you? Where where is the best place to follow you for more information as as you continue to investigate and educate on the science of all of the things we've talked about today? My website is AlanAragon.com. That's the hub of everything. maybe my most active social media platform is Instagram. So, that is at theAlanAragon. And this book I have in front of me, when did you write this book? I wrote that thing from Well, it includes the 30 years of experience that I was talking about earlier. So, I've just crammed the 30 years into there, but the actual writing of that took from about 20 20 all the way to 2022. Yeah. >> Took about 2 years. So, first published in 2022 and it's really like a bible. That's kind of the way I describe it and it has everything in it from what I love about it is you have all these pictures as well. I'm glad you like it. Well, I mean it's like it's it's dare I say it's a it's quite like a like a like a nice accessible textbook. Well, there's been a couple of professors who've adopted it and made it a part of their curriculum. Yeah. >> Interesting. Doesn't surprise me. Yeah, Hunter Waldman is is one of them. Yeah. Thank you so much, Alan. Thank you for doing what you do. Um people love your message because it's so demystifying in a world that is increasingly mystified by lots of information from lots of different people. So, please do continue to do what you're doing and I I I'm rooting for you in this new season of life where you're going to get even closer to patients once again and clients once again and be even more hands-on with your community. So, I highly recommend everybody goes and follows you on Instagram to keep track of how they can join your community and be one of those people that you directly impact with your work. And yeah, I'm going to I'm going to subscribe to your reviews so that I can stay ahead of all of the um the scientific literature as and when it comes out because for me it is quite demystifying, but you're you're one of the great voices in this space of simplification and understanding. So, I applaud you for that. I think it's all learnable, it's all teachable, but thank you so much for the opportunity to be on this show. This is huge and uh thank you all for tuning in. Thank you. We're done.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [1200 likes]: Do you like these types of convos? If so please hit the like button on the vid - that’s the best way to vote for more like this ❤ also, would be doing me a big favour if you could subscribe - its free 🙏🏾🥲appreciate you - SB!
  2. @theriac. [1 likes]: Swap saturated fats with avocado, nuts, oils & seeds. Hilarious  😂
  3. @ЯнисЛазаридис: 👏👏👏🙏👍👌
  4. @liennguyen-ob7je: Ông ấy được giới thiệu là 30 năm kinh nghiệm, tôi phải tra ngay tuổi của ông ấy. OMG ông ấy đã 54 tuổi, nếu ko tính nếp nhăn trên mặt, trông ông ấy same same với CEO của chúng ta :D
  5. @psychwtf: I learned a lot from this episode and thank you for talking the majority of the time in metrics
  6. @creativesource3514: But very high protein is not linked with longevity. No blue zone country inhabitants lead a life of high protein.
  7. @leonidmiliukov4041: Официально заявляю, человек потратил 30 лет в пустую!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Он не дал ОДНОГО единственного ответа!!!!! И почему этот специалист не показатель стройности или показатель худого человека, этот специалист толстяк!!!!! И ВЕДУЩИЙ ТОЖЕ ТОЛСТЫЙ!
  8. @leonidmiliukov4041: вопрос: похудеть или набрать вес? я понял что говорят о ВЕС?! мышцы тяжелее жира, мы говорим о жире или мышцах?
  9. @byyfbyyf152: Больше 2 часов говорить ...
  10. @borussiadortmundlondon9368: Can't you see how totally egoistic this whole thing is? This kind of obsession with outer appearance and the body is making people totally neurotic. A work life balance and a lot more compassion on the self and others is what is needed. How about focussing on inner values for a show and compassion?
  11. @thuvannguyenthi3657: Cám ơn kênh đã chia sẻ rất hay
  12. @whyarewealwaysyelling: Prioritizing protein and fat loss don't correlate. You have to eat a calorie deficit that means less protein too.
  13. @fStRgTrMn: One push up every time they say ‘protein’👌
  14. @auzinger0114: Thank you. Thanks to your video, I’ve gained a lot of practical advice on weight management.
  15. @Tony_Cho0912: Looking at the interview, the host even seems to be in better shape, while the so-called expert, who claims to be knowledgeable, doesn’t seem to take care of himself at all. If he can’t even manage his own condition, how can he pretend to be an expert?
  16. @finetsatos: 12:34  1,6 to 2,2 g
  17. @jabber422: This guy sounds like Mario Lopez!
  18. @dannyoconnor8730: Can this guy answer a question with a yes or no.  But, if, maybe........
  19. @RuthsCreativeLab: The thing about subscribing. Sometimes you tag one of your guests and it’s says subscribe! I’m already subscribed to you but maybe not one of your guests.
  20. @Mo89oM: I’m not a 2+hours fan! Can someone summarise this for dummies?

- Should you eat carbs in menopause? Carb goals for weight loss: Kind: captions Language: en all right you guys we are going to talk about carbs and menopause today this is something that is very controversial overall um and the thing is is that there's limited research on the actual helpful data that can be important for women when we're looking at carbs and menopause and also keep in mind that your specific Health can impact how your body processes carbs and how this would work for you if you have thyroid issues if you've been under a lot of stress if you entered menopause early or had a tough time with hormones it can impact this if you have gut health issues it will impact how your body processes carbs so keep in mind that even though I'm going to talk about this today and dive into some specifics for you if you're like yeah I've tried this or this doesn't work or how do I know what's happening for my body great question and one of the things that we under do to understand what's happening in your body is look at a Dutch test a Dutch test my favorite urine test for comprehensive hormones looking at a ton of information on your body not just what your hormone levels are but how your body's processing it it looks at your adrenal function and everything too it looks at your nutrient levels all of this stuff so really important when we're looking at your overall system here yes all right now Basics here when we talk about carbs and menopause is that understanding when your hormones change one of the things that changes is your gut yeah your gut changes this is normal this is normal to happen this isn't a bad thing but you're going to want to do a few different things to make sure you can break down and absorb your food food correctly one of them being getting more fiber in another one is going to be eating slower chewing your food sometimes getting food that is more broken down like ground beef instead of a whole steak right or if you do get a steak you're gonna have to really make sure you chew it and break it down to have it be easier on your gut things like that are really important and helpful gut changes are natural and your gut changes in terms of how it releases enzymes what enzymes are released and if you have eliminated carbs completely at one point your body will actually lose the ability to break down carbohydrate because of the enzymes you lose now you can get your system to break down those carbs again and kind of replenish some of those enzymes but sometimes you will need to add in some enzymes to help with that like take a supplement or utilize foods and things that have enzymes kick that's you know kick start that in your system right just get it into gear um and when your hormones change the important thing looking at carbs and menopause is that you want to balance here of simple and complex most of the time people are just sticking with one or the other or people say oh you I can't eat like I can't eat bread potatoes are bad fruit is bad it's not bad it's about how your body's processing and using it and if it's not using it we just have to help your system use it better so a balance of simple so like half and half right half simple half complex simple carbohydrates are fruits right berries apples pears things like that complex carbs or potatoes rice um oats grains just doing a simple balance and I'm not even talking about gluten-free or things like that yet either that aside having a simple balance here is important and making sure the amount of carb you're getting a day in gram at least matches what you're getting in protein is also important so if you're only getting 100 grams of protein a day you would have to keep it to 100 grams of carbide a day and that includes sugars and stuff too sugars if you're like oh well I put some creamer in my coffee that's fine it's a simple you gotta count it you gotta count it what we find what I find most often is that women who are in menopause will deal just be you'll be doing a lot of the same things that you did before and you're like yeah I was doing these things before and it worked why isn't it working now well we have to have that balance and then you have to make sure your carbs match your proteins Baseline thing to start with and do and if you're thinking oh my gosh that's not working for me what else do I do how else do I address things if you are under stress your body is going to want more carbs crave more carbs and also not process them correctly if you have adrenal issues and these are things that we look at in the Dutch test these are things we dive into making sure we can examine exactly what your system is doing where it's not functioning correctly and then address those things so that this can actually happen properly the number of times I've had gals I it's always my favorite thing where gals are like oh my gosh I woke up in the morning and I was hungry that hasn't happened in years that I'm like that's amazing amazing it should happen you should be hungry in the morning and then you should feel full and satisfied when you eat and you should get energy from your food a big piece of that is carbohydrates a big piece of that is carbohydrates yeah so if you're looking at this and thinking oh my gosh I'm not sure if I'm doing this correctly what do I eat how do I do that again look at my YouTube there is a ton of other videos where I break this down in detail you can also tune into my podcast the female Health Solution where I you know you have a ton of examples there as well and then I also list things out in my books the female fat solution which is on Amazon and the female menopause solution also on Amazon just listing out exactly like how do I do this specifically this is a short video to intro to you to this if you're like yeah I want to do it exactly I have it in a ton of other places exactly what to do to get started and if you are needing more help more guidance remember getting a Dutch test is a great place to start so that's what I got for you guys today thank you for tuning in please let me know if you have any other questions you can always comment below this video I do check the comments and if you need anything else don't hesitate to reach out to me in an email

  Top Comments:
  1. @cmac6992 [2 likes]: Is there a digestive enzyme supplement you recommend?
  2. @ishaonpurpose [1 likes]: Thanks for this. The tip around making sure you get as many grams of protein as your carb intake is a game changer for me. My brain doesn’t function well on very low carb diets, but this gives me a better framework to optimize my macros.
  3. @stephaniehoff4481: I can't do any grains, my body just can't handle it. Rashes and pain. No oats, rice or any type of grains in my diet can't do it at all because of sensitivity. Been using things like almond tortillas or casava tortillas. I love potatos too. I have a lot of food sensitivities too. Also my coach has had me at 160 protein 100 carb and 65 fat for a while and NOTHING is changing. Suggestions?
  4. @thislifefaith: Love the facial expressions talking about carbs! 😂 Great info, thank you! 🎉
  5. @laura3619: Thank you so very much for this information... that's exactly what I thought.. I've been trying to loose my belly fat with the intermittent fast,but no luck...it looks like I'm getting worst 😂😂...I guess having problems withy gut doesn't help 😢

- 3 Healthy Breakfasts For Weight Loss On Menopause (Quick & Easy): Kind: captions Language: en If you want to set yourself up for the day, have high energy, and put yourself in the best position to lose weight, you need to get breakfast right. In this video, I'll be showing my three best breakfast I ate to lose 30 lbs on menopause and still eat to stay slim. I see so many ladies thinking they're choosing the healthy options when really they are completely the wrong choices. Breakfast is one of the most underrated meals, especially for women going through menopause. When I was 30 lbs overweight, I didn't realize just how much breakfast can impact your energy, your cravings, and your ability to lose weight. I used to make so many mistakes with breakfast, thinking the best thing to do was to skip it, and by starving myself, I'd lose more weight. But this would always lead me to binging and overeating later in the day. or I'd just grab whatever was quick and what I thought was healthy, usually something processed like a slice of toast, a bowl of cereal, or high in sugar granola. But those choices were actually working against me. They were low in nutrients, low in protein, and they left me feeling hungry again an hour later. And what I've learned since then after losing weight and transforming my body. And now what I teach to my ladies in my program, The Lady Change, is that breakfast is the perfect chance to set the tone for the day, get ahead on your protein, and to energize your body properly. It's not about skipping meals or eating less. It's about eating smart. And I know mornings can be hectic. Most of us are in a rush trying to get ourselves ready or start work. And that's why I stick to three go-to breakfasts that I can make in five minutes or less using just a handful of ingredients. They're perfect for what our bodies need in menopause. Simple, filling, and they're packed with nutrients your body needs to burn fat and feel good. So, let me show you what they are and why they work so well. First up, a classic, simple, and powerful choice of eggs and avocado. Not only is it delicious, but it's also packed with protein, healthy fats, and fiber. Everything you need to stay full and energized all morning. Here's what you need. Three large eggs, half an avocado, a spoonful of cottage cheese, and a handful of berries, and it's ready in 5 minutes. I absolutely love this recipe, and why it's become a staple for me and so many of the women I coach. Eggs and avocado aren't just a trendy combo. They're one of the best things you can eat first thing in the morning, especially during menopause. Eggs are a complete protein source, meaning they contain all nine essential amino acids your body needs. Then you've got the avocado, which is full of healthy fats. These fats keep you fuller for longer, support hormone production and brain health. Plus, the fiber in the avocado helps with your digestion, and keeps your blood sugar steady, which means no energy crashes midm morning. And that small handful of blueberries, that's your natural dose of antioxidants and a gentle touch of sweetness. You'll feel satisfied, energized, and focused after eating this. Not bloated, sluggish, or reaching for coffee and snacks by 10:00 a.m. It's the kind of breakfast that gives your body what it actually needs to burn fat and thrive rather than triggering those constant hunger cues and crashes. Having a high protein, nutrient-dense breakfast like this was a total game changer for me. [Music] Next is my vitality bowl. And this one is perfect for sweet breakfast lovers. It's creamy, crunchy, and totally satisfying. Plus, it's loaded with protein and healthy fats to keep your hormones happy. Here's what's in it. We've got some Greek yogurt, a scoop of protein powder, some berries, and some nuts. This vitality bowl is one of my favorites, especially when I'm in the mood for something sweet, but still want to stay on track with my goals. What I love about this recipe is that it feels like a treat, but it's so good for your body. So, let's break it down. Greek yogurt is great when it comes to protein and gut health. It's packed with probiotics that help with digestion and bloating, and the protein keeps you satisfied. Most women are seriously undereating protein, especially in the morning. That's why I add a scoop of protein powder. For me, it has to be a single ingredient protein powder, though. I always avoid the stuff that's added with sugars and preservatives and soybased protein. Having healthy protein powder boosts metabolism and stops muscle loss, which is so important as we get older. Then you've got the nuts, which are full of healthy fats that are key for hormone support, brain function, and that nice steady release of energy. And of course, a handful of fresh blueberries. When I eat this for breakfast, I feel balanced, nourished, and focused. No cravings, no snacking, just clean energy that lasts me through the morning. And finally, for those of you who need something even quicker, say hello to the strawberry cheesecake smoothie. It tastes like dessert and takes minutes to make. All you need is a blender. So, here's what you'll need. You'll need some Greek yogurt, some frozen strawberries, cottage cheese, and a scoop of protein powder. You might need a splash of water or milk to blend it. This is for the days when time is really tight or you just want something you can drink on the go. Have my strawberry cheesecake smoothie. It takes less than two minutes to make, tastes amazing, and yet it's working hard behind the scenes to boost your metabolism and keep you full and energized for hours. The ingredients are very similar to the vitality belt, so we get all the same benefits. Now, all of these recipes I've shared with you today come straight from my weight loss program, The Lady Change. Inside the Lady Change, I give you done for you meal plans, easy recipes, and shopping lists that take out all of the guesswork so you know exactly what to eat to lose those stubborn pounds. You don't have to worry about counting calories or googling what's healthy every day because everything is laid out for you in a way that works with your body, especially during menopause. And the best part, it's completely free to start. So, if you're curious or you want to follow the exact meals that I use to lose 30 pounds at 54, just click the first link in the description to get all the details. But here's the bigger picture. As long as you stick to the framework of eating real whole foods that nourish you, keep you full, and support your hormones, you're going to feel and look so much better. Please don't fall for the marketing tricks of those so-called healthy breakfast bars, cereals, or low-fat protein yogurts. So many of those packaged foods are filled with sugar and artificial ingredients that will spike your blood sugar and leave you constantly craving more. They're not going to do your body any favors, and they definitely won't help you lose fat. Instead, focus on making your breakfast as filling and as satisfying as possible without loading up on hidden calories. And most importantly, make sure you're getting enough protein in the morning because that one change alone can make a huge difference in boosting your metabolism on menopause. If you like this video, make sure to hit that subscribe button so you don't miss any of my upcoming videos. And I post every single week with real advice to help you lose weight during menopause without crazy diets or hours in the gym. And if you want to eat exactly what I ate to lose 30 lbs at 54, check out the Lady Change by clicking the first link below. You can try it for free. You've got nothing to lose, but so much to gain. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @petragenco [11 likes]: If you want to join the No.1 weight loss platform for menopausal women, click this link (it's free to start) - https://www.skool.com/theladychange
  2. @PhyllisJean16 [3 likes]: I’m sure you haven’t mentioned this but is the Greek yoghurt fat free or just normal with its natural fat content? Also is the cottage cheese fat free? Or, again, with its natural fat content?  I think this is a fairly vital point bcos you’ve added healthy fats in the avocado or nuts. Presumably milk fat is unhealthy??
  3. @laurafrable3233 [2 likes]: What protein powder should I buy?
  4. @maryferr333 [1 likes]: I love my breakfast best meal of the day for me..❤
  5. @sharonlloyd6617 [1 likes]: So do you go for full fat yoghurt or 0 percent fat and which protein powder do you use x
  6. @hmccracken1: Is there a substitute for the avocado? It's unsustainable to rely on an import and it's also a food that triggers digestion issues in me.
  7. @petradepietro: Hi Petra
Can you have breakfast for dinner?
I have a problem I don’t eat lunch because I work part-time in a supermarket so I have a bag of trail mix that usually holds me over till dinner. My biggest thing is snacking at night. Can you help? Thank you, Petra
  8. @LouiseCrumpton: They all look great, thank you! Is it ok to use Greek yogurt in the smoothie?
  9. @ZE-Sigma: love all your videos .. you make it easy and effortless ... i would not use protein powders as they full of lead and metals as some cocao powders as well ..
  10. @lindamontgomery7041: What do you recommend if you can't tolerate dairy??
  11. @selinaguerrero9399: Thank you 😊 for this video is very helpful ❤I want to lose 30
Pounds as well I’m going through premenopause and I’m only 36🥹 but ladies go through it at different times thank you once again ❤
  12. @bizzee47: I have vitamins I take at night before bed, and sometimes I need something to eat to help the vitamins go down. How do I do that without breaking intermittent fasting?
  13. @KarenWorsham-r8f: can you add some chicken sausage
  14. @gimpie1977: And the cottage cheese what is in there?
  15. @SadiaSaleem-g1h: Love your hair
  16. @vero__d5719: What protein powder do you recommend?
  17. @marieduvanced529: Love you thank you 🙏 ❤
  18. @sunflower8599: Not everybody can eat eggs making it hard to hit protein intake
  19. @tamiself8168: Why the cottage cheese though 🤔 yuck
  20. @tamiself8168: Ugh I just hate hate hate yogurt.  Ive tried em all. 
Eggs yes, im a breakfast girl. I love breakfast.

- My #1 Best Secret to Losing Menopause Belly Fat for GOOD: Kind: captions Language: en we're going to be talking about the number one absolute best secret to losing menopause body fat and it's not what you think so you want to stay tuned in this whole episode so you can hear the different things that cause the problem to begin with what we can do to change it what we need to be looking at and then I'm going to be sharing my number one best secret which is a lot simpler than you think we make it harder than it needs to be but it can be a lot simpler before we dive into this topic I want to make sure you don't miss another episode of this so if you're watching this on YouTube please hit the subscribe button so you don't miss another show and if you're listening on the podcast I do release one usually two episodes a week now usually two episodes a week and I want to make sure you get access to all those interviews and all of the solo episodes so make sure you hit the Subscribe button the follow button so you don't miss another [Music] episode all right so let's dive in we're going to start first with what actually causes this menopausal belly fatter as I call it the midlife thickening what exactly is going on what's causing it where did it come from I'm going to break this down there's really three categories that this is coming from number one is just your hormonal changes this is normal stuff that happens decrease in estrogen decrease in progesterone the decline in estrogen levels this is really something during menopause it's a pretty significant variable because this helps regulate fat distribution and its reduction leads to Fat being stored more and more in that abdominal area yep that abdominal area more than the hips and thighs where a lot of of us complained about that when we were younger so we started seeing that in that midsection another thing that changes is changes in our leptin and grin so menopause can alter the production of leptin which is an appetite suppressant and gin which is actually your hunger hormone which leads to increased appetite and weight gain yep so those two things those are things that happen as we age and then there's just the age related factors like loss of muscle mass now let me talk about this for a minute so we tend to think the rumor is that our metabolism slows down as we age it's not that our metabolism slows down what happens is we lose muscle mass so as women Age We naturally lose this muscle mass which then slows down our metabolism so the less muscle you have the less calories your body Burns at rest and the less efficiently your metabolism is going to work so this reduction in muscle mass that means your fewer calories are burned which leads to Fat accumulation so this is not an automatic hey your metabolism slows down because you age it's because we're losing muscle mass so we get that accumulation and then there's genetics I mean gosh darn those genetics and I'll tell you I have the list of genetics in my family because genetic predisposition this plays a role as well as where fat is stored so if you've got the mother the grandmother that had that belly fat area chances are you are going to tend to get that area as well too now genetics do not have to be everything but they are a starting point we need to be aware of if you've got something in your family like that we need to be looking at that and then there's the lifestyle factors this really catches up with us in those menopausal years so physical inactivity reduced physical activity is common issue during menopause contributing to weight gain fat accumulation around that belly also so if you've been sedentary a lot of your life and you're thinking what's going on right now that's compounding so this is catching up with us with age and then you know these things but I'm going to bring up up anyway just to make sure diet so how we're eating our poor choices such as super high calorie low nutrient food calories are not created equal all calories are not not created equal let me break this down just for one second here so yes textbook wise it takes about 3,500 calories to lose or gain a pound of fat so you have a deficit of 3,500 calories over what you're eating you could lose a pound of fat if you have an increase of 3500 calories over what you're normally eating you could gain a pound of fat but that being said all calories are not created equal and it's very hard to know exactly how many calories are in a food so for instance when you look at your food and you say I'm eating an apple well we don't know how ripe the apple is how big it is so that we don't know we're also grossly underestimating how many calories we're burning and how many we're consuming and we're grossly overestimating how many we're burning this is on a regular basis we're doing this there's a lot of variables that play into this but we are putting ourselves into crazy moods trying to count calories when it's pretty inefficient that way also if you look at calorie counting all foods are not created equal if you eat a few hundred calories of M&M's that is not the same as eating a few hundred calories of protein that protein would go to lean muscle muscle mass it would go to controlling your hunger your appetite where that those M&M's that's just complete empty calories it might give you an initial energy Buzz because of the sugar but we're going to create other issues with our blood sugar with how we're using that and then a lot of that will get stored as fat so that is a huge lifestyle Factor are we eating too many calories then also our sleep patterns this catches up with us no longer are those days where we could just you know stay out drinking and just have a little bit sleep and function you notice that that changes as is also just that insomnia and poor Sleep Quality starts becoming more and more common during menopause and that leads to weight gain if you're not getting adequate sleep so that's really important okay so what do we do on a basic level first and I'm I promise I'm going to get to like the number one thing but I wanted to lay this out for you first so you can you can understand where I'm going so what are the basic things first well number one and if you're doing this more power to you but I think a lot of people are actually not doing it they think they're doing it but they're not number one are you eating unprocessed natural food now I don't really care if if you choose to do keto or carnivore or paleo or whatever you want to label it but my question is are you eating primarily unprocessed natural world food meaning these are foods that once grew these are foods that fuel us these are foods that are good for us so proteins these are vegetables these are low glycemic fruits these are nuts and seeds and avocado and olive oil but healthy foods we want unprocessed Natural Foods because processed foods will lead and contribute to weight gain and they're very low on Nutri nutritional value so they're also going to contribute to brain frog fog and other issues another thing are you avoiding inflammatory foods maybe you got away with these when you were younger but in menopause and in these years with the midlife thickening happening we got to be really hyper aware of this now you might not like me for saying this but it's the truth there are certain foods like grains Dairy and sugar that create a lot of inflammation in our bodies now you might be the person that you say I really have no inflammation I don't have any issues more power to you but if you're listening to this and you're saying you know what no matter what I'm doing isn't working I'm in pain I've got inflammation I just don't feel well I'm not focused well I have that foggy head and you are eating grains Dairy and sugar then I would highly suggest eliminating those right now to see how you feel these are highly processed foods and they are not adding any benefit to our diet if that's working for you and you feel amazing you don't have to listen to me here but if you're struggling I highly suggest taking out grains da and sugar fact the second book I wrote which was called Aging in Reverse I go really deep on this in fact that whole book is grains Dairy and sugar-free and I break down the science as to why and what you want to look for and why some things like maybe even raw dairy would do better in your system if you really want Dairy than regular Dairy so whole another topic there but avoiding inflammatory foods like grains Dairy and sugar are going to help you with avoiding this excess weight problem next thing make sure you are breaking down and digesting your food I love to say it's not just what what we're eating it's what we are digesting we need to make sure we're actually digesting what we're eating and many of us are not we lose enzymes after the age of 35 and we stop breaking down our food we also lose our supply of hydrochloric acid our body is not going to make it like it used to as we get older so adding things like digestive enzymes hydrochloric acid is going to help us break down food the other thing is to release overall weight now this might sound more basic as I say it than it really is and I get that I'm going to get to that a little bit more later but you want to release overall weight when you say I just want to spot reduce that doesn't really work that way you can't just say I want to lose weight in this one area and have that work now you can create muscle in a certain area and you can lose overall fats in an area and make it look more shapely and more defined but we cannot control the area of our body we're losing weight from so you want to lose overall weight and one of the things I love to tell my fat loss clients is look at it as releasing weight releasing weight versus just losing weight and I say that because when you say I'm going to lose weight that leaves it up to being found again so change that language to I'm releasing the weight because that capes makes sure it stays off okay next thing I'm going to get into is a little bit more advanced than that basic stuff but the basic stuff is important now the more advanced stuff a lot of people don't like when I share this but I'm going to share it because it's the absolute truth and this is to be our own health detective we've got to be in Detective we've got to be in fine-tuning mode and we got to really look at what else could this be because just going to the doctor and getting a routine lab and having a five minute appointment and then looking at lab values is not necessarily enough especially if what is on the labs is not matching how you feel we've got to go deeper and be a detective and I just want to share just a little just a brief example of this and a story and why this became so important to me and why I stand for this in women so strongly now so gosh about a year and a half maybe two years ago now about two years ago now I was having a blood sugar disregulation and it made zero sense to me it made no sense that my A1C was higher that my blood sugar was creeping up my fasting blood sugar so I started wearing a glucose monitor now glucose monitors can have their nuances and be you know high or low on values but I was checking with a finger prick to calibrate it as well and I started having this really ridiculous blood sugar issue and just to give you a ridiculous example sometimes when we eat you know your blood sugar fluctuates it goes up to 130 140 40 150 and then it comes back down under 100 you know when you're when you're fasted that's healthy blood sugar mine was going up to about 250 after eating things that you would not predict would do that like a small piece of fruit low glycemic fruit having a small sweet potato with protein and fat I was still getting a huge blood sugar Spike and it was lingering and couldn't figure out what was going on and so just like many of you would do I went to the endocrinologist I said okay I've got type two diabetes in my family this is unusual for me and the first answer was go on met foran well that didn't sit right with me because I just know I want to look at root cause this is something that I've been trained to do it's something that I teach I preach I live by I wanted to know what's causing my blood sugar I'm not going to just take it's my genetics I'm not going to just take that it's the way that I eat because it's not the way that I eat so I went strict keto at the time like really trying to go strict on the no carbs and for those of you that don't know keto is pretty much very very very low carb getting your body in ketosis and it was not adjusting my blood sugar so I needed to go a lot deeper and this is where I started really asking questions seeing Specialists talking to friends going a lot deeper and I learned in my case it was my gut biome I actually had a lot of dysfunction going on I had some leaky guts which is not necessarily because of your diet by the way this could be passed down in birth from your mom believe it or not there's a lot of reasons for gut dispos and leaky gut but I had leaky gut and I had lots of bad things that had gotten in and this was creating havoc on my pancreas and my blood sugar so that's not what this video or this this podcast is about right now for you I want to that's a whole another story there and and how we went down the rabbit hole there but my point with that with that was what I give myself kudos for was being a health detective and going deeper and understanding and once I clean that up my blood sugar completely regulated like completely regulated didn't e metformin didn't e any of that so I say this because you've got to be a health detective you've got to look at different things like could it be your gut could that be contributing to Fat storage could it be that gut is responsible for a lot of things it's responsible for your microbial composition the types of bacteria in your gut influences how your body responds and stores fats it's responsible for energy extraction it helps break down food into smaller components that are absorbed into your blood stream we have to look at that inflammatory chemicals some gut bacteria produce things that create other an additional inflammation in your bloodstream creating pain weight gain insulin resistance all types of things and also insulin sensitivity so gut is a huge thing to look at it helps us regulate our appetite or hormonal influence food cravings all types of things so gut is something you really want to look at in being a health detective and then looking to treat it the right way whether it's fully natural with herbs and eating fermented foods and taking probiotics staying hydrated or going down a more traditional route but that is one thing to be a detective around another thing to be a detective around is your thyroid you've got to look at if your thyroid is impacting your belly fat the thyroid gland plays a crucial role in regulating your metabolism which directly impacts your body weight and fat distribution when you've got low thyroid for example you've got low thyroid you could feel very tired you could be looking and having cravings for things you could have a very very slow heart rate and not in a good way not because you're an athlete but a very slow heart rate you could be really slowing down your metabolism so having low thyroid levels could be another thing impacting things in midlife and thyroid levels do commonly go down in menopausal years this is not uncommon so really looking at those levels and checking all of the markers on your thyroid not just your TSH which a lot of doctors do but really going deep what's your T3 what's your T4 really understanding thyroid asking the questions and going could this be the thing the other thing to be a detective on is optimizing your hormones now hormones play a crucial role in body fat and regulating this this is so important and hormones are not just the sex hormones there's there's all different hormones so I'm GNA talk about some of the main ones one is insulin insulin is a hormone produced by your pancreas that helps regulate your blood sugar and this is important because it's going to facilitate the uptake of glucose in your cells for energy so how is your insulin operating because that has a huge role on belly fat so high levels of insulin which can be due to insulin resistance can lead to increased yep fat storage particularly in guess where the abdominal area yep so insulin resistance is commonly associated with type two diabetes and metabolic syndrome we need to take this seriously by the way dementia Alzheimer's is sometimes referred to in the health world as type three diabetes it's all part of metabolic syndrome well here's the thing we don't want to wait with metabolic syndrome until you are a type two diabetic or until there is problems in your brain you want to get on this early when you first see your A1C trickling up when you first see your fasting glucose trickling up when you first see issues with insulin we've got to look at this early because when someone's diagnosed with type 2 diabetes there's 10 years prior to that that there were things going on that you could have offset this so insulin is critical to be looking at that's another thing to be a detective realm the next one cortisol now cortisol is something that is produced it's a stress hormone produced by the adrenal glands and it helps your body respond to stress by increasing your blood sugar level and suppressing non-essential functions so what this is for biologically you're in the jungle in times years ago and an animal is chasing you H we need that cortisol Spike right because we need that to spike so it can increase our blood sugar and go wake up Focus run you're in danger go and now we're going to suppress non-essential functions the problem is in modern world right now my gosh we are spiking our cortisol because we got a text message we didn't like because we forgot something because we stub our toe what we're spiking our cortisol all day long and this is creating an issue so this is not how we want to use our spikes cortisol this is not a good thing we don't want that elevated cortisol all day long because that does impact belly fat chronic stress leads to elevated cortisol levels which promote fat storage and guess where yep the abdominal area because cortisol is going to increase your appetite it's going to increase your cravings for high calorie foods that's why you get stressed you all been there you know you've been there your stress gotta text I don't want I'm so annoyed I'm triggered whatever you walk into your pantry and you're not looking for a piece of celery or a bite of a chicken breast are you you're looking for that chocolate bar you're looking for the ice cream you're looking for the chips because that's what happens with this chronic cortisol raise so we got to watch that another hormone we've got to watch estrogen so estrogen is a primary female sex hormone which you know is involved in regulating your menstrual cycle so this is important and fat distribution this during menopause those levels decline okay which what happens when they decline it leads to a redistribution of fat from the hips and thighs to your guess where midsection abdominal area this shift contributes to increased belly fat that we all see in menopausal women that midlife thickening that is this low estrogen so we've got to be aware of that testosterone rle even though this is a primarily a sex hormone that is the role of it it also is present in women in smaller amounts and it's involved in muscle mass maintenance now this is going to get important a little bit later but we've got to maintain muscle to avoid having the slow down metabolism and excess fat put on so when you have belly fat and low levels of testosterone which occur in women and men by the way it's going to be increased overall body fat that this leads to so when you have higher testosterone levels you are going to be promoting lower levels of body fat so this is an important one to look at too the other one's leptin and gin we mentioned that earlier but leptin is produced by fat cells and leptin helps regulate energy and balance by inhibiting your hunger now obviously that's going to be important because if you're hungry and you're having cravings we are going to want to eat more and then we're not in a calorie uh we're in a calorie Surplus and we're not necessarily eating the best foods which also leads to weight game also gin which changes that's known as the hunger hormone that's produced in the stomach and stimulates your appetite so elevated gin levels also will increase your food intake so all important things to be detective around and be talking to your doctor about we got to be looking at all of this and see what's going on here the other hormone we mentioned earlier but that's is your thyroid this is your thyroid so your thyroid hormone really can regulate metabolism and energy expenditure and if we are low which is hypothyroidism if we're low on the thyroid level we are going to slow down our metabolism which if you slow down your metabolism we're leading to weight gain and increased belly fat so this is something we need to be checking and be looking at all this okay all that being said I just dumped a lot of information on you on being a health detective what's my number one secret though what's the number one thing because you we could talk about thyroid we could talk about being a health detective all that's so critical important but this is something you can do right now without involving a doctor without involving you could do this at home heck you could do this at home right now you could stop listening this video and start doing this the number one best secret we have got to we absolutely have to build muscle don't tune me out yet because this is important ladies muscle building is so critical for us as we age okay a lot of reasons and I'm going to go through them with you but here's the thing there's this whole myth that we slow down our metabolism as we age it's not that our metabolism is just by the S slowing down in fact research shows that it will not slow down if you are a fully healthy muscular woman what happens is we lose muscle we do lose muscle as we age and as we're losing muscle at when we age we are going to have a slowed metabolism why does that happen because the lower your muscle the less calories you burn at rest the the less your metabolism is going to work on point so we've got to maintain and even grow muscle to help with our metabolism the other reason is it's going to combat Sarina now Sarina is age related loss of muscle mass and strength and this is a significant concern so even if you're not lifting weights and you had some muscle you are going to be losing it if we do not start lifting and exercising to combat this and why is this a concern not just for body weight you're going to have a higher risk of Falls a a risk of loss of Independence we don't want that heck we don't want that and after age 60 this really starts to go down this accelerates huge the only way to slow this down the only way to slow it down is to start strength training another reason if if you don't care about that which I'd be surprised if you didn't care about that if you didn't care about that bone health so this is critical lifting weights strength training working out is crucial for maintaining your bone density so this is more critical for you if you're at higher risk for osteoporosis so if you are postmenopausal or if you have this in your family but the one thing that will absolutely stimulate bone growth and help prevent bone loss is weightbearing exercises so this is going to reduce your risk of fractures and falls and it's going to prevent future loss of bone so this is important next reason we want to build muscle metabolic health so when you build muscle you are increasing the resting metabolic rate which means you're working out you're adding muscle you're doing strength training you're doing Progressive load training you're doing this just when you're at rest when you're sleeping when you're sitting when you're watching TV just when you're at rest you are increasing your resting metabolic rate which means you will literally burn more calories at rest because you have more muscle on your body what why would you not want to do that so this decrease is your risk of metabolic disease such as type 2 diabetes obesity muscle tissue burns more calories at rest this makes it a lot easier to maintain that weight you're after next reason we want strength training is the cardiovascular health um so when you add strength training you're going to reduce your risk of cardiovascular disease now this is personal to me my dad died at age 49 of a heart attack 49 of a heart attack now my dad did not drink he did not smoke he did have clogged arteries who wouldn't have known it though by looking at him he he had a little bit of a belly a little bit of belly which I know now was visceral fat but he didn't look overweight but he did not lift weights he did not and he died of a heart attack and so when you are engaging in regular strength exercise you have a significant lower rate of risk of death from a heart disease so this is important okay I know we covered a lot there but just to sort of just to sort of recap all of these things because there was a lot of information there and I just want to make sure you're taking away that the key points number one we got to make sure we're doing the basics are you eating unprocessed natural real food are you moving your body are you staying hydrated we got to be more on point with those things less room for error there we got to be more on point with those things that's number one number two are you being a health detective are you looking at your hormones are you looking at your thyroid levels are you looking at your gut health are you looking at all of these things and asking the hard questions ask the questions don't be afraid to ask your doctor to go deeper don't just accept this is your number here's a prescription go deeper what caused that number where is this coming from from because I can promise you this even though prescriptions have a great place for a lot of reasons it's not going to fix the problem it's just going to fix the symptom that presented we've got to understand what caused the high blood sugar we've got to understand what caused the high cholesterol we've got to understand what caused the high cortisol the high blood pressure we've got to understand these things so we can go back and treat those so be a health detective next focus on adding muscle that is my biggest secret you could do this from home I'm not even kidding I would love for you to go to a gym and lift weights and do strength training but you could do things from home heck you could do air squats to start you can do lunges to start you could hold a plank you can work to hold a plank you could start lifting weights light weights with your arms you've got to start somewhere and then we've got to do the progressive overload so we've got to go up in progression to help with bone loss yes but we got to start somewhere so don't let it be a reason that you haven't done it all these years so you're not going to do it now start now and get this going I hope you found this helpful if you did please talk to me uh if you're watching this on YouTube comment below let me know that you enjoyed this that you want more of this make sure you subscribe if you're listening on the podcast and this was helpful for you please let me know take a screenshot of this put it on your stories tag me let me know what you loved about the episode this helps me create more good content for you if I know that you like more of this if I don't have the feedback I don't know if you like it or not so let me know if you want more like this and if you are loving the podcast I would love a great review from you if you're loving it I would love that from you it helps me reach new people it helps me get better guests it helps me be able to help more people in midlife as always thanks for tuning in and I'll see you in the next episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @user-lt2me6gr3n [2 likes]: Love hearing about the cause of  the midriff weight gain in menopause and how strength training and careful eating can combat this.
  2. @kimdavis1091 [2 likes]: EXCELLENT video … spot on & honest … no sugar coating
  3. @LongevityLabYT [2 likes]: Great video, Natalie! I love how you emphasize the importance of digestion and overall weight loss during menopause. As a fellow health and wellness YouTuber, I’ve seen many women struggle with these issues, and your insights are spot on.

I’d like to add that incorporating regular strength training can also be beneficial. Not only does it help build muscle, which can boost metabolism, but it also supports hormonal balance, which is crucial during menopause. Additionally, managing stress through practices like yoga or meditation can help lower cortisol levels, further aiding in weight management.

Thanks for sharing such valuable information! I’m excited to see how your audience responds to these tips. Keep up the fantastic work!
  4. @chersarijones6234 [1 likes]: Hello thank you I love the knowledge
  5. @loriwebster7881 [1 likes]: This was great information and gave me a place to start. I am going to start building my muscles. Keep giving us information on menopause because it has been the unknown for me for so long. Thamks
  6. @user-lt2me6gr3n [1 likes]: Great information! I have been into functional medicine and root cause thinking for a long time now. People need to learn that taking medication only treats the symptoms and not the actual cause of the problem or disease.
  7. @CarpCat1958 [1 likes]: Such a great and motivating summary of the key points we need to absorb and address! Thank you!
  8. @adryd8753 [1 likes]: How do you recommend taking the digestive enzymes? Thanks!
  9. @NancyBeaudoin-s8e: How do I write a review 🤷‍♀️
  10. @NancyBeaudoin-s8e: Loved this, first time listening, met you on Dr Anna MM Course! I have Basics down, working on being my own health detective and NEED to start adding muscle!!! Desperately!!!
  11. @hollys8724: Great info! Thank you!
  12. @momof9: Thanks for the video. I've had hypothyroidism for almost 19 years. Haven't been able to get it regulated. I have hashimotos and that's going down some, but my other numbers are not good right now. My A1C is good. I don't think I have high insulin, but I have a lot of belly fat. I have 9 kids and 7 were by c section. I can lose a little weight then it comes back. I have been lifting weight, but my shoulder has been hurting for a few months.
  13. @carlaedmiston1530: ❤ your information is the most down to earth I have heard and read ever.  I turned 69 today and am starting with Aging in Reverse.   Changing my mindset and in the next year looking forward to a healthier me
  14. @ariesunicorn8225: I love that you focussed on the importance of the language we use! “I RELEASE excess weight”
Wonderful, informative video!
  15. @billsgirl1981: Great info
  16. @catherinewheeler7498: Natalie! So happy to find you on utube! I have three of your workout videos and I love them. Great video…thank you. 😘
  17. @nickyvincent3811: Loved the video
  18. @laurahunter1690: Please share how to your digestive tract.  I think that may be my issue.
  19. @cheriyost2780: This was fantastic information! I would love to see more videos from you like this.
Thank you for spreading the information.

- 6 Low Carb Foods That Burn Belly Fat - Are You Eating Them?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Cutting carbs is an effective way to lose weight. In this video, I share 6 low carb foods that take weight loss to the next level by targeting belly fat. [intro music] We ll start with one of the most versatile low carb foods, which is the egg. Eggs are the complete package with a great mix of nutrients that help you lose belly fat. One of those nutrients is protein, and when it comes to protein and burning belly fat, quality matters. A study published in Nutrition & Metabolism showed that consuming high-quality protein throughout the day results in less abdominal fat. And, by quality, they were not distinguishing between a hot dog and a grass-fed steak. Instead, they based quality on the amino acid content of the food. Like many animal-based foods, eggs are complete proteins, which means that they contain all of the essential amino acids that your body needs. And, they are easy to eat throughout the day, from a breakfast of scrambled eggs to a hard-boiled egg snack, to a slice of quiche at dinner. Now, most of the protein in an egg is found in the egg white. The yolk, however, may give you an additional belly fat fighting advantage. That is due to the fact that egg yolks are one of the few - good - natural food sources of vitamin D. A study published in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that when healthy overweight and obese men and women had their diets fortified with calcium and vitamin D, they did not lose more weight than the control group but they did have a significantly greater reduction in visceral or belly fat. Another high-protein/low-carb food choice to help you lose belly fat is salmon. Like an egg, salmon is a complete protein, so you are getting all of the essential amino acids. However, it is salmon's exceptionally high omega 3 fatty acid content that gives it an edge for reducing belly fat. A review study found that much like vitamin D, omega 3s may not reduce overall body weight, but they do reduce belly fat. The reason for this focused fat loss is not clear, but after reviewing 21 previously performed studies, the research team found that waist circumference and waist to hip ratio was significantly reduced in those with omega-3 rich fish oil supplementation. AND, I will add that salmon, in my opinion, is a good entry-level fish. What I mean by that is that it is a hearty fish without a real fishy smell, so it is easy to cook at home. In fact, I shared my typical salmon recipe in a video here on YouTube that I ll point you to in the description area below. Eggs and salmon are animal-based foods, but there are some great low-carb plant foods that help reduce belly fat. Chief among them is the avocado. If eggs are the perfect food of the animal world, avocados are the perfect food of the plant world. After evaluating more than 17,000 people, a research team found that those who regularly ate avocados had an overall healthier diet and a smaller waist circumference than non-avocado eaters. Now, saying that those health benefits were strictly due to eating more avocados is a bit of a stretch. However, avocados contain a good mix of both soluble and insoluble fiber, which is why they make our list of belly fat fighting foods. Both forms of fiber have been shown to help with weight loss, which may be because fiber fills us up and naturally reduces calorie intake. BUT, when it comes to belly fat, foods that supply soluble fiber have additional benefits. A study that evaluated lifestyle changes in families over a five-year period found that for each 10-gram increase in soluble fiber, the rate of visceral or belly fat accumulation decreased by 3.7%. Now, I have three additional low carb foods to share with you today, but before I do that, let s make things practical. Hard-boiled eggs, salmon, and avocados are all foods that go great as salad toppers. If you get in the habit of having a salad as one of your daily meals, you will fill your stomach with volume from the greens and healthy fats. Not only will that keep hunger away, it will also provide the nutrients your body needs to reduce belly fat. A daily salad is one of the 4 daily habits that make up my 0,1,2,3 strategy. I like to say that when you follow those four habits, your body has no choice but to lose weight. If you want to learn all four, you can do so for free by following the links here on the video and below in the description area. Okay, let's round out the list with a low carb snack food and a couple of supplemental foods One of my favorite low carb snacks is raw almonds, and as it turns out, having them as a snack may help you lose abdominal fat. A research team fed 48 individuals with high cholesterol identical diets except for one daily snack. Half of the participants ate 1 and a half ounces of unsalted, whole, natural almonds while the other half ate a banana muffin with butter. At the end of the study, the almond eaters showed a significant reduction in abdominal fat and leg fat compared to the muffin eaters. If you are someone who is often on the go, raw almonds are an ideal snack because they are easy to carry with you and quick to consume. In fact, I just pulled this baggie out of my purse before this video. You will also find that the healthy fats and fiber that they provide suppress hunger, making it easy to make it to your next meal. A great way to supplement your diet for better belly fat burning is to use organic psyllium husk. In one study that lasted for six weeks, 47 healthy teenage boys were given either 6 grams per day of psyllium or a placebo. Those who took the psyllium supplement had a reduction in belly fat. One reason that psyllium husk might be effective at targeting belly fat is because of its soluble fiber content, which I mentioned when we were talking about avocados. If you're not a fan of avocados or you are just looking for a way to supplement your low carb diet with fiber, psyllium husk is a good choice. When you consume soluble fiber, it mixes with water and digestive juices to form a gel-like substance inside of you. In fact, you can see what I mean from this bowl. Before starting the video, I put a teaspoon of psyllium husk powder in some water. You can see how it forms a gel. That is going to give you added weight loss benefits because it slows digestion, keeps you feeling full longer, and feeds the good bacteria of your gut. Psyllium husk does not have a strong taste and dissolves easily in water, so you can drink it down before it gels or hide it in a recipe. One thing that I do like to mention is I do like to buy organic psyllium husk to avoid the pesticides and additives found in other commercial brands. Sticking with supplemental foods that help you avoid or lose belly fat, we have medium-chain triglycerides or MCTs. Your body handles these fats differently than other fats. Because of their chemical structure, MCTs get absorbed out of the gut and go directly into the liver where they are burned for energy, rather than moving into storage. A study that compared medium-chain triglycerides to long-chain triglycerides found in olive oil, showed that after 16 weeks, those who supplemented their diet with MCTs lost more body weight and fat mass than those taking olive oil. A more comprehensive review study that compared MCTs to long-chain triglycerides like olive oil confirmed that MCTs are more powerful for reducing body weight and waist circumference. You can get MCTs from coconut oil or MCT oil. You can add either oil to coffee. Coconut oil is solid at room temperature and remains stable when subjected to heat, making it good for cooking. And, since MCT oil is a liquid, you can use it to make homemade salad dressing. It's no secret that low carb diets are effective for weight loss. And with just a bit of planning, you can finetune your diet to target belly fat. Start your day with MCT oil stirred into your coffee. Top a lunchtime salad with hard-boiled egg, salmon, and avocado slices. Enjoy a handful of raw almonds in the afternoon and drink a cup of water with psyllium husk before dinner, and you've covered your bases. There is an art to putting together a well-formulated low carb diet. If you want a place to start, I encourage you to download and learn the four daily habits of my 0,1,2,3 strategy that comes with a free video series that is not available here on YouTube. Follow the links to get those resources, and please click the subscribe button before you go. Thanks for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [26 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  2. @comptytom [2 likes]: The beauty of this style of diet is the reduction of visceral fat around the heart in particular since that is the main cause of heart attacks and arrythmias. Most heart attacks do not arise from arterial blockages, which the body resolves with angiogenesis.
  3. @terrablythe9359 [1 likes]: What about cholesterol? I struggle with that
  4. @GKennedy636 [1 likes]: When I make my salads, I put eggs, avocado, beets, kidney beans, shredded coconut, chia seeds, cottage cheese, shredded cheese, and mild banana pepper rings. I was putting sunflower seeds and pumpkin seeds on my salad, but after being alerted (and saw for myself), that they are made (roasted) with SOYBEAN OIL, I promptly got rid of them. Even the olive oil mayonnaise has soybean oil in it. I’m now going to make my own mayonnaise. Thanks for your helpful and informative video Dr. Becky.
  5. @minnie383 [1 likes]: in case you want to look up something again

how to reduce belly fat

0:15 eggs
1:40 salmon (fish oil)
2:55 avocados
5:00 almonds 
5:55 psyllium husk 
7:28 mct oil / coconut oil
  6. @bonniefuller5634: Becky what brand of MCT are you using? Thank you
  7. @Wisdom000-x4r1v: eggs, avocado and salmon is only 3 foods, not 6. MCT oil, coconut oil, psyllium husk and almonds are not foods.
  8. @NelleD53: Is linseed helpful for reducing belly fat?
  9. @MJBJ-cb2jd: Would you please explain the economy
  10. @DeeDocker: I am not sure that comparing anything to eating a banana muffin with butter would yield any good science.  Such as; " It was discovered that people eating salmon instead of glazed donuts lost more weight."
  11. @gigigennaro3303: I love listening to Dr Becky.  Best lady to listen to.  Soft spoken and knowledgeable.  Thank you.
  12. @YakoobYasseen: Thank you for sharing this information 👍💯🇿🇦
  13. @pattiisok2312: If you keep your almonds in a plastic bag in your purse, you can be sure that some of the plastic ends up on the almonds and in your body and brain.
  14. @pattiisok2312: If you keep your almonds in a plastic bag in your purse, you can be sure that some of the plastic ends up on the almonds and in your body and brain.
  15. @LisaA-q8e: Can psyllium husk capsules be substituted for powder?  I can't stand the taste of the powder.
  16. @pattyallen7634: How about chi seeds ?
  17. @dufferat: What is the ideal range for Carbs?
  18. @joannbryant3685: is MCT good to take ifuare on Ozempic
  19. @michelehaber61: Psyllium husks are a no for me . Too controversial. Almonds - get marcona - no skins on , the skin is high in lectins . MCT oil or coconut oil burns fat better than olive oil . Eat eggs , avocado , salmon - high in omega 3
  20. @dianexo3527: Good video but I didn’t know you could eat raw almonds.

- How I Lost Menopause Belly Fat at 49 | No Starving, No Calorie Counting, All Natural: Kind: captions Language: en Your menopause belly isn't caused by eating too much. Quite the opposite. It's caused by following the wrong advice at the wrong time. I'm 49 and in this video I'm sharing exactly what worked for me and what can work for you too. The foundation of everything starts with protein. Not counting calories, not restrictions. Protein. Many people, especially women, don't eat enough protein. And I was one of them. Not too long ago, I realized I was severely undereating protein for years. That's one thing I really wish I could take back. Oh well. Back in my 30s, I would eat animal protein once or twice a week. And the rest of the week, I would eat ton of veggies, carbs, and some plant-based protein. And I felt fine at that time. But when I got to my mid-40s, it started backfiring. I started accumulating body fat, especially around my midsection, which was quite new to me. I tried a few different things including intermittent fasting which worked for a while but then it stopped working and as it turned out I was not doing it correctly. I was probably fasting too long and I was definitely not eating enough protein and fats. I also tried carb cycling which kind of worked but uh it was a very slow process. Plus I was still not eating enough protein so it may have worked better if I was eating enough protein. I don't know. But then I figure it out and I'm going to tell you exactly what I do to keep that flat tone belly without suffering and counting endless calories. So, let's start with the most important part, of course, protein. I aim for about one gram of high quality protein per pound of my target body weight per day, which is about 120 grams of protein. that supports muscle growth and maintenance, blood sugar, hormones, metabolism, and satiety. The more protein you eat, the less hungry you're going to be, and more importantly, less cravings you're going to have for bad foods like sugar and processed foods. And I split the 120 grams of protein into three meals a day. And I do not snack between the meals. And this is important, no snacking between the meals. And yes, your highly calorie coffee beverage loaded with sugar, syrup, cream, and whipped cream, that's a snack and not a healthy one. The reason is constant snacking keeps insulin elevated. And when insulin is high, fat loss is basically on pause. So, you want to keep it down to about two or three meals a day, depending on your level of activity and how much excess body fat you have. That doesn't mean starving or undereating. It means eating enough food and nutrients at meals so you don't need snacking. You feel satisfied and not hungry between your meals. The protein sources I personally consider high quality proteins are pasture-raised eggs, grass-fed beef, chicken, organ meats like liver and heart. Pork, yes, I eat bacon. Bone broth, uh, wild caught salmon, wild caught sardines. I love sardines. kefir, cottage cheese, grass-fed raw cheese. I also eat plant-based protein like uh beans, lentils, walnuts, macadamia nuts, pumpkin seeds, hemp seeds, but I do prioritize animal protein. If we haven't met yet, I'm Gabriella, and on this channel, I help women navigate midlife with confidence, focusing on longevity, natural wellness, and toxin-free living. There is no one-sizefits-all approach after 40, which is why personalization is so important. If you would like support navigating weight loss and overall wellness in a way that's tailored specifically to you, I offer private one-on-one coaching. Check out the link below if you'd like to learn more. The second important nutrient is fats. I started eating more healthy fats like grass-fed butter, beef tallow, fatty meats like bacon, high quality olive oil, coconut oil, avocados. This is huge for menopause belly fat. Eating healthy fats with meals contributes not only to balancing your hormones but also slowing glucose rise. Lower insulin less crashes and cravings and body becomes more willing to burn stored fat instead of storing it. High insulin means fat storage. Stable insulin means fat burning. And this is why women who eat lowfat but high carb diets often feel like they eat healthy yet still gain weight. especially around the middle. So, stop buying these low-fat products in hopes of losing weight. Not only are these products more processed and potentially harmful, they can also have the opposite effect on fat loss. So, get yourself a full fat yogurt, cottage cheese, whole milk, fat cheeses, whole milk kefir, real butter. Get it all. They taste way better than the low-fat crap. Believe me. Third important part is lower your carbs. I shifted to a low carb diet rich in protein, fiber, and good fats. It's like a flexible ketogenic diet. I personally feel best eating lower carb diet, not because carbs are evil, but because low carbs keep my blood sugar stable. So insulin, the fat storage hormone, doesn't spike. I didn't eliminate carbs completely. I eat carbs every day in form of vegetables. And once or twice a week, I add more carbs to my meals like rice, sweet potatoes, yam, squashes. Otherwise, my carbs come from vegetables like broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage, arugula, asparagus, and so on. I do eat fruit, but not that much anymore. I personally see it as unnecessary sugar. I'm getting enough fiber and antioxidants from other food sources. But when I do eat fruit, I eat some berries and papayas for example. Uh the only fruit I consume on daily basis are lemons, avocados and olives. The fourth important part is fermented foods. I have increased fermented foods in my diet to support healthy gut and microbiome. I eat fermented foods every single day like sauerkraut, kimchi, kefir, cottage cheese, raw cheese. A healthy gut is crucial for hormone balance and prevention of fat storage. So if you want to get rid of that belly fat, make sure you eat enough food, especially protein. Don't undereat or starve yourself. Chronic undereating is one of the biggest reasons women over 40 get stuck and can't get rid of that belly fat. If you undereat and starve yourself, your body feels unsafe, stressed, underfed, and then it will do the exact opposite of what you want. It will hold on to that fat, not burn it. Your body is smart. It's protecting you. But make sure you eat the right foods, not the processed junk full of carbs, sugar, and seed oils. Next part is removing hormone disruptors. And this part matters more than most people realize. You got to remove what disrupts hormones to get that flat belly like ultrarocessed foods. Focus on organic whole foods. Eliminate everything that is highly processed. Sugars and artificial sweeteners. They spike insulin, the fattorring hormone. And as you know, when insulin is high, the fat burning is turned off. Then alcohol. Alcohol in particular is brutal for menopause belly because it directly impacts estrogen, cortisol, sleep, and liver detox. I know you feel like that glass of wine at the end of the day calms you down and helps you sleep. But inside of your body, it does the exact opposite. Intermittent fasting. This is a great tool, but only when it's done correctly. It's not about starving. It's about giving your digestive system a rest. I fast every night for about 14 15 hours. I shifted my hours of eating recently since I've been going to bed earlier. So now I eat my last meal at 5:00 p.m. and I eat my first meal at 8:00 a.m. That gives me about 9 to 10 hours to get my three meals with 120 grams of protein, fats, and fiber. I also do 24-hour fast once a week, and I love it. I know there is controversy and so many different opinions about women and fasting, but I strongly believe it's a powerful tool also for women if it's done properly. During my eating windows, I make sure I am eating enough food, especially protein, and I make sure I'm managing my stress on daily basis. Fasting on a stressed, underfed body often backfires and it could wreck your hormones. and then instead of losing fat, you will start storing it. Also, I would not recommend fasting for anyone who has any medical condition. You always want to consult your health care provider before you start experimenting with fasting and dietary changes. If you want to get rid of that belly fat, what you're eating and not eating is important, but daily movement is just as important. Walking is incredibly underrated. I walk daily and often use my uh weighted vest to increase stimulus without stressing the body. I'll put the link below to the vest I bought. On average, I walk about 16,000 steps a day. The way I get my steps in is I walk my dog twice a day and I also use a walking pad in the middle of the day after my lunch. I don't think 16,000 steps a day is necessary, but I would say at least 8,000 steps a day should be part of everyone's daily routine. As great as walking is for fat loss and overall health, just walking is not going to cut it if you want to get those flat, nicely toned abs, uh you must also build some muscle to see the definition. Muscle also improves insulin sensitivity, metabolism, hormone balance, bone density, and it literally changes your body composition. I lift weights three, four times a week, and at the end of my workouts, I also include core focus exercises on my weightlifting days. Uh, not just for aesthetics, but for posture, stability, and core strength. If you don't do any strength training, once a week is a good start, but eventually you want to do at least twice a week. Hit workout is also important. Hit workout helps your muscles pull glucose out of the bloodstream more efficiently. Better insulin sensitivity means easier fat burning, especially from the abdomen. I play beach volleyball once or twice a week, and that's my hit and cardio workout. But if the weather is not good and I'm not able to play volleyball, I do hit workouts at home. I do intervals of jumping jacks, high knees, jump squats, or burpees, whatever. So, you don't need to start learning how to play volleyball at home. Hit workouts are great. And you don't need any equipment. You could just do sprints or jumps for about 20 minutes. 1 minute on, one minute off. Done. You also need to make sure you have enough rest between your workouts. Rest days are just as important as workouts. Too much intense exercise without enough recovery can raise cortisol and backfire. Overtraining in midlife often leads to more belly fat, not less. So I make sure I get enough rest between my workouts. I usually do yoga or long walk on my rest days and that works really well for me. Stress management. Stress is one of the biggest drivers of belly fat. Chronic stress means elevated cortisol. Elevated cortisol means stubborn abdominal fat. You must find a way how to reduce stress in your life if you want to get rid of the belly fat and live a healthier, longer life. You can eat the healthiest food and exercise, but if you're stressed, losing weight will be very challenging. That's why I don't recommend counting calories and stepping on the scale every day. It could become too stressful, especially if you're trying to lose weight. Obsessing over calories is not going to help you lose weight. Exercise helps me lower cortisol. Walking my dog is helping me with stress. I also do red light therapy. I do heat therapy. I get into a hot tub a few times a week. That all is helping me with my stress. Even long hot shower helps me de-stress. I meditate. I do breathing exercises. There's so many tools available and most of them are free. Good night sleep is non-negotiable. Poor sleep disrupts hunger hormones, insulin, cortisol, and fat burning. You cannot outdiet or out exercise bad sleep. Getting sufficient amount of sleep is crucial for fat loss. I know it could be challenging getting a good night's sleep when our hormones are changing. That's why exercise, the right diet, sufficient nutrients, and stress management are so important. There is something a lot of people overlook when it comes to weight loss. However, this could play an important part. Certain chemicals in plastics, cosmetics, pesticides, and household products can disrupt hormones and fat metabolism. I started removing obesogens from my environment. I bought good quality water filter to avoid drinking chemicals in the water. I will put a link below to the one I bought. I got rid of all plastic containers and bottles and replaced them with glass. I got rid of plastic utensils and replaced them with wooden ones. I got rid of everything plastic that gets in contact with the food and drinks in the house to reduce microplastics. I also use toxin-free cosmetics including makeup. I don't use store-bought perfumes. I make my own perfumes made out of organic essential oils. Maybe I'll make a video about that as well soon. There is no one-sizefits-all approach after 40, which is why personalization is so important. If you would like support navigating weight loss and overall wellness in a way that's tailored specifically to you, I offer private one-on-one coaching. Check out the link below if you'd like to learn more. If this video was helpful, please give it a like. It really helps support this channel and reach more women who needs this information. And if you're navigating weight loss, hormones, or overall wellness in midlife, hit that subscribe button for more tips on how to thrive, not just survive. I know this list sounds long, but remember, you don't have to do it all at once. Pick one part and start there. The goal is to become stronger, feel comfortable in your own skin, and thrive in this chapter of life. I would love to know which one of these you're going to start with first. Protein, sleep, strength training. Let me know in the comments below. I read every comment. If you want to know more about exactly what I eat in a day to hit these protein goals that I have, I have a full video breaking that down. Just click on the video on the screen. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @gerafinali4384 [11 likes]: I increased my animal protein intake, and I ruined my kidneys. Check the states of your kidneys before increasing animal proteins.
  2. @MidlifeAndThriving [5 likes]: If you’re over 40 and feel like your body isn’t responding the way it used to… you’re not alone 🤍
What has been the hardest for you lately: belly fat, energy, cravings, sleep, or motivation?
🎁 Free Protein Breakfast Guide → https://midlife-thriving.kit.com/breakfast-guide
🤍 1:1 Coaching → https://midlife-thriving.kit.com/coaching
  3. @cherigoble6377 [5 likes]: Do you have vegan plans?
  4. @marinamontezbaugh4513 [4 likes]: I’m gonna cut out the nibbling in between meals! 🎉
  5. @djh1775 [3 likes]: I've recently bought a used rebounder at a yard sale and love it.  Bouncing to favorite songs feels almost fun.
  6. @BlissHaus [3 likes]: Thanks for the practical tips and tools. I will try at least 3 of these and come back to report in 90 days.
  7. @mamakaka73 [3 likes]: Just one question.... are you working? Because all that stuff seems very time consuming 😮
  8. @nadinemorrison6210 [3 likes]: Gosh, it sounds like taking such good care of yourself is your only job. Not many of us have all that time.
  9. @cjsjourney1825 [3 likes]: I agree with all of your advice😊
  10. @bentleybabie [2 likes]: I need to go to bed!
  11. @marisoll-t6s [2 likes]: I was listening to this while eating my big bag of chips. Oh my goodness! Haha. Well I need to stop snacking just like you said. I am going to start on that tomorrow. I already do the weights and walk two miles daily. Yesterday I went to a trail and walked 4 miles. The only thing is my snacks which is so hard to give up. Thank you!
  12. @tquirkyt7118 [2 likes]: Comments about not having the time…we all have the same 24 hours, choose your time wisely and you will benefit as you age…life is all about choices❤
  13. @Amandaleemills [2 likes]: Thanks for sharing this list! i’m on a similar journey and my list is nearly identical.  Love your grounded, natural approach:)
  14. @Daizey57 [1 likes]: Does this work for Lipedema?
  15. @PrimeVibeWellness [1 likes]: Proof that sustainable habits work better than extreme dieting 🙌🌿 This gives so much hope to women over 40!
  16. @martineloiselle [1 likes]: i don t eat enough protein because meat was not good! i found recently i could buy from internet a super good meat bio! its so expensive because i need to buy a good amount to be delivery! and i am not rich! i try hard to buy bio and eat well but its expensive, i made the most myself....but meat and fruit and even vegetable its not so easy. i made my floor, my protein bread with cottage cheese ( i don t made myself either crap its not easy!) i eat egg more possible, salmon from pacific, sea salt, vinegar cidar ( not easy to made either so i buy!).

i dream to buy the meat from internet! i waited i am able to biuy...and after 6 month, buy again and agian! eating its infinte trouble! hahahaha
  17. @gelflingfay [1 likes]: Lifestyle is major. I used to be really heslthy and now i livecin achigh stress situation with gsrbage food and no room to exercise.
  18. @yadirachavez9912 [1 likes]: Can you share what nontoxic make up you are using ? Thanks
  19. @JinniePekarski [1 likes]: Your dog is so cute😊
  20. @LauraRobinson-bl2sd: Too bad I hate protein.

- Why I Stopped Keto After 5 Years: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel I'm Myra from low carb love a lot of you know that I've lost over 100 pounds I've been doing keto for over five years I absolutely loved every step of the way I've just gotten to a place now where weight loss is not my focus I'm really just trying to live like a normal life enjoy my time with friends and family and so I'm just going to kind of go over the reasons why how I also transitioned out and I just think that a lot of those reasons and whys are going to resonate with some of you all right guys so I made myself a little coffee it's early over here so it's perfect just so we can chat a little and coffee is one of my things like morning coffee it's just like it goes hand in hand anyway I wanted to talk to you guys a little bit about you know keto my experience for those of you that know nothing about me and my journey welcome to the channel welcome to the family I've actually been living a low-carb lifestyle for over 10 years I have been keto for about five years which has been amazing guys I think keto is a great tool for weight loss I think if you are trying to lose a significant amount of weight and you want to do it quickly I think keto is amazing I know a lot of you have probably heard like a lot of negativity around it but the truth and the science are facts the only thing for me is that it's very restrictive I love to travel I love my family I love like spending time with family and Nappy which is my daughter and a lot of times it was just very stressful for me like always like keto keto no carbs no carbs you know at the end of the day like it became more of a stressor on me and on my body I also got to a place where weight loss is not my main focus anymore I'm more focused on health I think that if you always focus on health the weight loss Will Follow because if you're focused on health your focus on just making healthier choices eating healthier foods eating clean Foods I was just trying to live a healthier lifestyle overall so for me it's like kind of like all together right yes it's body but it's also your mind and living keto and just really really focused on it it was creating a lot of stress so I started to transition back into a low-carb lifestyle which is what I've been used to for oh well over 10 years now it's helped me just maintain my weight all these years I wanted to share some of these things with you because you might be feeling the same way you might be feeling like super stressed like oh my gosh like I go out with friends and I can't eat like I can't eat anything that's not the case there are always options out there but it is definitely restrictive so I don't know how many of you guys feel that way comment down below share your experience share your story I love hearing success stories I love bumping into you guys out and about and hearing how you guys have lost so much weight and how change your life you know there's a lot of people in here that would love to hear those stories as well so if you guys are open to it leave a comment down below I like reading through them too now one thing I will say is with keto I definitely felt like I was on a diet it definitely felt like that restriction like when I went out I fell to when I was at home I felt it like if I was looking for a snack like it was just almost like a constant thing in the back of my mind and I feel like that is very short term because you can't live your life that way I don't know if you guys have heard this I've heard it so many times where people are like you should not feel like you're on a diet it's a lifestyle and I really truly to the core believe that like I think the reason why I transitioned back into low carb is because I don't feel like I'm on a diet when I'm living a low carb lifestyle I just naturally love protein and veggies I don't know if you guys know this but there are certain times of the month where you should eat more carbs but the thing is that on a low carb lifestyle I could do that and I and that to me is totally doable so at the end of the day I think if you're on a weight loss journey and you're like boom I'm gonna do it for three months I'm gonna lose x amount of weight and then I will transition into my you know whatever your lifestyle will be that is doable now don't get me wrong I know people that live like a carnivore lifestyle they live a key lifestyle and that's the way they will live the rest of their life that's amazing personally I just that's just not doable for me because of my lifestyle I love to travel I love to go out I'm like a foodie foodie you know so I love food and I love to just enjoy and so again at the end of the day just became a little too restrictive so I've transitioned to a low-carb lifestyle which I am so happy to also share what that looks like like a realistic like kind of a sit down like this where I talk to you guys about how I eat and like my mentality behind it because reaching your weight loss goal is very doable like you can reach your weight loss goal but then what about the maintenance maintaining it a lot of it has to do with the way you think a lot of it has to do with how how you process everything because you've heard of so many people lose the weight and then in three months they've gained it all back plus some there's a reason for it so I can talk to you guys all about that trust me I've been there done that I have lost weight I've gained it yo-yo done all that but now I've been able to just you know maintain my weight and I would be happy to share that with you guys as a matter of fact let me know what are some of the things that you guys struggle with the most so another thing that always comes up is like keto being unhealthy now guys again I'm not a doctor this is just all from personal experience when you do keto the right way when you do it properly when you're not snacking on packaged Foods you are switching to like a Whole Foods diet right you're eating eggs you're eating Meats you're eating dairy but it's all clean like you're not having a bunch of packaged Foods again I speak from personal experience I used to I come from a family where growing up I had cereal I had pizza pockets I had like a lot of just like junk food I'm sure like some of you can relate and that brings me to the weight gain so I've also heard a lot of people say you know keto didn't work for me like I gained so much weight on it well when you're living a keto lifestyle you are your body is running on fat so we have two energy sources right you have sugar or glucose and you have fats so if you're eating a lot of that and then you're just kind of like oh I'm I'm doing keto but I'm gonna have a bagel guys at that point you're consuming a lot of fats and carbs your body is always going to choose to burn carbs first which is glucose always it's an easy form of energy and so your body will always prioritize sugar and glucose over anything else if you are eating a lot of fat and you add carbs to it your body is going to burn the sugar and the glucose and then it's going to store a lot of that fat and that's when the weight gain happens because you are also not only are you having the carbs not only are you having the sugar but you're also having a lot of calories and at the end of the day if you are in a calorie Surplus there is absolutely no way that you're going to lose weight yeah so just to kind of sum this all up I do not believe keto is unhealthy in any way that is not the reason why I transitioned back into a low carb lifestyle I transitioned back just because I feel like it is very doable for me it is very sustainable for me I can live a low carb lifestyle forever in my opinion you need to live a lifestyle a diet or whatever you want to call it that you do not feel restricted that you do not feel like you're on a diet this should be very effortless it should be something that gives you peace like like no big deal unless you are actively short term like you're like I have a weight loss goal I need to lose 20 pounds I need to lose 30. I need to lose 50 pounds then at that point guys there's no magic pill there isn't you have to do the work that is where I truly believe that keto can be a great tool for weight loss even a low carb lifestyle intermittent fasting these are all great tools now I will say that if I start noticing that I'm gaining some weight I'm starting to eat a lot of junk food I'm starting to just I feel like uncomfortable with where my my eating habits are going I go right back to keto Back to Basics and boom very quickly I drop some I drop a few pounds but it's not about the weight it's about the habits the health these are just habits that you don't want to create on a daily basis so I think that it again it is always a tool I probably will use it forever but I just transitioned out and now I'm living a very like you know chill peaceful life where I don't feel like I'm on a diet at all all right guys so I hope you really enjoyed this video I'd love to hear a little bit about you guys your journey if you lost weight how much weight have you lost you know just tips and tricks that you think might be helpful to other people that are also on a weight loss Journey Don't forget to subscribe to the channel and turn your post notifications on the little bell so that you don't miss any of my future videos guys thanks so much for being here I love you and I'll see you on my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @sandyfay9929 [1 likes]: The trainer at the gym said low carb is better and more sustainable than the keto!!
  2. @thetruthbetold961 [1 likes]: Excellent advice that makes sense!  I agree with all you stated.
  3. @a.m.2008esl: Hey Myra. Thanks for your transparency and devotion to this cause of low carb lifestyle which has gifted us with amazing recipes to choose from! 
As for me, I'm trying keto for the 2nd time; first wad back in 2019 when I did it wrong by eating lots of fat and snacking which resulted in me quitting it after I saw that I was gaining weight and losing even more energy! Now I know better so I hope I am doing better! 🙏 As a lot of people say, I also consider it a lifestyle, as long as you do not obsess about it and you naturally like the low carb veggies, protein and fat sources that the diet "allows". For me Keto quiets the mind when it comes to snacking and calorie obsession...
  4. @bellaburke4948: And to think Im doing a vegetarian/vegan(ish) keto! Definitely not doing this long term. Doing my meal plans are so time consuming! I lost 5 lbs on a 72 hour fast... I just have 10 more lbs before I will start transitioning. My weak spot is vegan restaurants which are typically not the healthiest! LOL But then again, what restaurants are?!
  5. @marilynparaday8357: The people keto doesn't work for are the people eating all the so called low carb breads, tortillas, snacks, and counting net carbs not total carbs ect... Clean Keto the way it was meant to be done is good and healthy. This is what people fail to see or share.
  6. @l.g.mccormick2349: Do you eat potatoes? Im missing the real thing.
  7. @kaitlynphillips2818: I  have lost 17lbs on keto in 3 months.
  8. @devyo4357: Hello my names devy i am an epileptic uncontrolled im on the keto diet partly but ive followed ur low carb im told to limit the carbs about 40 carbs what would you suggest how many carbs to have in a day? Im 135 so i dont need to lose weight its only for my health
  9. @SuperShine0011: How is someone doing Keto also eating a bagel? That defeats the whole purpose... Anyway, this is was great explanation 😊
  10. @kimmeise1098: Hi .... I have been trying to do the no carbs high protein way of eating but YES ITS DARN HARD :( hard to find good tasting food and our family is one that goes out allot due to friends and family come into town and want to go out! grrrr I get so stressed as the menu is not really friendly to my situation.... I need to loose 100 bls but girl to be honest I am not sure I can do this... I am not giving up  and need help :(
  11. @rosettesassoon2536: Question: Do you ever eat carbs at all???? Never a cheat day???? Moderation???
  12. @sandyfay9929: I just found on Etsy when I googled low carb eating out meals and it gave me a list the I took a picture of with my phone.
  13. @sandyfay9929: I luv your coffee making! You are helping me!!
  14. @vallivb7868: I love your videos and recipes but to be completely transparent for anyone else who is watching, Keto can cause health issues when done long term and people with certain health conditions should not do this diet at all. Before starting this diet please do your research and consult your doctors.
  15. @stackdi5065: Did anyone experience hair shedding after stopping keto?
  16. @yovannaherrera9441: How many carbs you have DAILY?❤🙏🏻
  17. @Marie00233: I was on keto for 7 years. I lost weight and was in great shape. Then I got Covid. I was sick for 4 months. I gained a bunch of weight back. I was going to go back to keto I just can’t bring myself to do it. I’m just kind of stuck.
  18. @connieborg6471: ❤🎉❤
  19. @Pappa-kh1jw: Healthy face, good cheeckbones, if you ask me a keto diet is literally almost perfect.
  20. @solinari60: Hi Mayra. I have been following you for many years. You are the true pioneer of the keto and low-carb diet on the internet. I learned a lot from you. My story is that I was 65 kg and feeling really heavy and chubby. I wanted to lose weight but my real concern was around my carb and sugar consumption in a day. I was craving dessert and having maybe 5 times of meals including high-calorie snacks due to stress eating. I came across your channel and researched keto. I read scientific facts and analysis results rather than personal thoughts. The truth is we live in a capitalist world and producers and the health industry are within the same cycle and they don't care about your health. Most of the supermarket products are seriously harming your cells if you learn how to interpret ingredients. The health sector is supposedly there to treat you but they break other things in your body while fixing certain problems, because money matters. In my journey, I did strict keto for 3 years but similar to your reasons it stressed me out in the long term. For instance, I went to Japan with my family but I looked at sushi stressing out to calculate how much carbs are there in rice. It felt like I was missing life so I turned to a low-carb diet after I lost 12 kg, which was mostly fat. Now I prepare low-carb and balanced meals just including clean ingredients and focusing on more protein. I truly suggest that everyone learn cooking at home, even if it's at a basic level. I always admire your recipes which are easy to prepare, healthy, and absolutely delicious. Thanks so much Mayra for sharing your story with us. I love you and I wish you a happy and healthy long years with your sweet daughter ☺️❤️

- Why I Quit Keto and What I Wish I Did Differently (sincerely): Kind: captions Language: en I don't really do keto anymore I eat pretty close to the earth I eat a wide variety of foods I still eat pretty low carb but the carbs that I am eating I'm eating sweet potatoes I'm eating fruit maybe some honey maybe some lentils but that's it I don't really go crazy on carbs but I'm not strict keto anymore although I will phase in and out depending on what my goals are because now it is a valuable tool in my toolbox but when I look back at when I was doing keto for about a decade even the times when I was very very strict there are some things that I would definitely do differently now having a broader amount of knowledge and just being out of the specific keto world so to speak and being able to sit on the outside looking in I can see where my shortcomings were and where things might have been different had I looked at these things that way prior so the first thing that I would have done is I would have consumed way more protein mainly more red meat okay when I was doing keto originally it started out as a very high fat lower protein thing then the research started to come out more that you know fat is not necessarily all that you want to get you want to get more protein and protein's not necessarily going to disrupt the ketogenic process but now the way I look at protein is protein should be staple and everything else kind of Falls after that fats are great but fats don't provide us with nearly as much nutrition as say like red meat would right so I look back at sort of the nutrient voids that I may have had and I wonder how many of them could have been filled if I was just eating adequate amounts of red meat now towards the end of when I was really strict keto I was eating more protein but I was still paying attention to the fats the fats should have almost just come naturally with the meat that I was eating and that's what I really would have done differently first and foremost the second thing I would have done differently I would have put way more emphasis on potassium I put so much emphasis on sodium because that's where a lot of the early literature was was okay you lose sodium pottassium magnesium when you're on a ketogenic diet well okay so that would make sense that we would want to prioritize sodium and we do we do want to increase sodium but potassium always took a back seat and this is based on what I know now in fact I literally just interviewed Dr Jacob Torres out of University of California Santa Barbara and he was talking to me about how we need about three to four times the amount of potassium than what we think like 3: 4: one ratio is what we should be potassium to sodium yet here we are not really getting in much potassium and getting in lots of sodium so when you start to lose those minerals and you add more sodium in you might further disrupt that ratio so I very much so would be paying much more attention to my potassium intake whether that's from meat whether it's from greens or even from supplemental form the third thing that I would have done differently is is depending on what I was eating I would have added a multivitamin into my diet because I realized if I reverse engineer and look at the way my diet was a lot of times on keto there was no way I was getting adequate nutrition in I was just not I would eat things like chicken breast and then I would also add cheese to it I would do heavy cream and I'm looking at this I'm like there's not any colors to this I wasn't some days not getting a lot of red meat point is is that on the days that I wouldn't be getting Maybe liver in or red meat in I should have been probably adding a good multivitamin in it just makes sense that way like you don't need to take a multivitamin every day you take it on the days when you're not getting adequate nutrition in and there was lots of days when I would just eat basic chicken and cheese and maybe some macadamia nuts like pure white Bland foods and I'm like wow there's like not a lot of nutrient density in there all that I would have had to do was maybe eat an ounce of liver or 2 ounces of liver or have some ground beef or if I didn't do that take a multivitamin or heck I should have even taken more in the way of like liver capsules or organ capsules because that's almost Nature's multivitamin in a way so I put a link down below for the liver capsule that I use today it's from a company called bowar nutrition who I've talk about on this channel a lot it's my friend Josh bomar's company actually what is unique about his liver capsules just FYI it is non defatted liver so it still has some of the fat in it which is really important for like the vitamin a which is fat soluble and it's really important for the delivery of the fat soluble nutrients that are in liver liver is a multivitamin like if I wasn't taking a multivitamin I would eat liver if I couldn't eat liver I would at least just eat more beef because I do consider beef to be a multivitamin but liver has that wide profile of vitamin A and the various B vitamins not to mention the selenium the zinc the heem iron all that stuff that's really really good so it is a good multivitamin and I kind of wish I'd been taking it throughout the whole time I was doing keto I only added it in towards the end and it made a big difference in how I felt as far as energy was concerned as far as mental Clarity it made a big difference even on the days when I wasn't eating much I put a link down below for the bowar nutrition liver capsules they're unlike a lot of the other ones that are on the market so you're going to want to check them out so that link is in the top line of the description underneath this video and even if you're not doing keto it's a great multivitamin it is a great thing to use in Li of a multivitamin that's a little bit more of a natural form if you want to call it that so link down below this one is going to irritate some people and probably confuse some people but number four is I would have controlled my saturated fat intake more hear me out on this we know now well we did know then but we were kind of an echo chamber if you look at a lot of the literature saturated fat in abundance in an overc caloric state is definitely a contributor to insulin resistance as well it's not just sugar and it's not just saturated fat but when you look at them individually in high amounts they can cause a fatty liver they can cause insulin resistance and the big reason that I did keto in the first place was I was type two diabetic when I was very overweight so when I try to fix that by just adding something that is also not exactly good for insulin resistance when you look at the literature I think I could have ended up a lot further along a lot faster if I had to just focus on eating good quality meat and not to add extra saturated fat in because for a long period of time I added extra butter I added extra cheese I added extra ghee because it tasted good and I could do it and clearly it worked because I lost weight but my health markers my biomarkers didn't improve until I was long after I had lost the weight so that's what's interesting I dropped a lot of weight and my health markers didn't really improve until I had made some changes to my diet and I was at that lower weight for a while I think I could have accelerated that more by possibly leaning into more of the fats from meat versus adding just a lot of cheese and butter in and leaning into even the leaner meats and adding the fats from maybe olive oil and avocados a little bit more than just the saturated fats I am not anti-saturation fat especially in a caloric Surplus can contribute to insulin resistance number five I wish I was less carb phobic around my workouts because it got to a point where some of my workouts were feeling feeling stale and stagnant and that was a big driver for me to sometimes eat more because I would think it was a calorie issue or it would even send me into a mental Funk because my workouts weren't good and then I started realizing actually after my keto years really that I was able to consume a lot more in the way of carbohydrates than I thought I could without it impacting my Ketone levels so I realized cuz even now eating roughly 100 gram of carbs a day I don't eat that much you know maybe 100 to 120 A lot of times after a workout I'm still making ketones I'm registering ketones even at that amount and it makes me realize that I was so active and as I lost weight and got more active I probably could have added more carbs into my diet had some fuel for my workouts in a different way that maybe would have given me more anerobic intensity because I was able to train such a way that I could maintain muscle just fine I could even build a little muscle but my workouts would fall flat about 10 or 15% I realize now that I could have added carbs even into a workout to give myself that little bump that I needed to get a little bit more out of my workout to maybe get the performance gains that I'm having now number six I would have gone a little easier on the keto Treats but the interesting thing is not just because they were hyper palatable things and I was eating too many calories of them because I definitely was like even look at like kind of pictures of me doing keto compared to now like I was puffier and like a lot of it was closely tied with the kinds of Keto snacks I was eating at that time and Dr Dom de austino mentioned something to me when I was on Mark Bell's podcast a couple months ago he mentioned well Thomas how why were you getting so many Omega sixes in because I made a comment about I probably should have like controlled my Omega 6 intake and he's like Thomas where were you getting Omega sixes from and I had to think about it and I was like oh was the processed keto food that I was eating sunflower oils things like that because Dom was like Hey Thomas outside of processed keto food like where would you even get a bunch of Omega sixes unless you were eating ridiculous amounts of nuts which I you probably weren't and I had to think about it and I realized like wow without the processed foods there's not a lot of seed oils coming in on a ketogenic diet like without the process up like unless you're eating a copious amount of nuts like if you're eating Mac nuts and the occasional Alman you're not getting many seed oils you're not so I wish that I had looked at that a little differently and maybe had less the processed food because I think I would have felt a lot better and there were clear times when I would eat very Whole Food keto that I did feel better and I wish I just had the wherewithal to realize that from the outside in at that time number seven I definitely wish I didn't fear insulin so much that came from being an overweight person I was afraid that any presence of insulin was going to make me fat that insulin was progrowth and that meant proat accumulation and there is no denying that we have an insulin issue hyperinsulinemia is a very real thing but I also needed to understand that once I had recalibrated and was healthy insulin was good for my recovery and I shouldn't have been afraid of it I shouldn't have been afraid of protein spiking insulin I shouldn't have been afraid of a few carbs occasionally having an insulin Spike because a spike supposed to come down and as long as you rise up and come back down and don't stay high there's no problems another thing I would have done differently is I would have measured my insulin levels more I would have gone to the lab and I would have gotten my insulin levels measured so I didn't just guess that my insulin was high because I had some carbohydrates or because I ate XYZ I would actually look at that insulin data more so that I knew where the trajectory was number eight is I would have monitored my cortisol more closely especially in the beginning because there were periods of time where my testosterone levels stayed relatively decent but I had no sex drive and I was symptomatic of low testosterone nowadays eating a more I don't want to say more balanced but it is more balanced with more carbohydrates and more just adequate nutrition coming in plus more activity my testosterone levels are little bit lower than where they were on keto but I'm less symptomatic I have better libido I have better drive better motivation effort feels good right now during keto those things were there but not the way they are now but they were better than when I was was overweight so I went from overweight feeling like complete garbage to keto feeling great to now feeling way great and it's not because keto's bad it's because I did keto got to the place I needed to be and now I've been able to adopt different principles but my point in saying all this is that I should have monitored my cortisol to DHE ratios something that Dr Paul saladino talks about a lot because when your stress levels are high and your DHA is low that is a really bad indicator that the stress from a ketogenic diet is impacting your sex hormones if my cortisol was low and my DHEA was higher that would mean that I'm not in such a stress state that my body's able to produce these sex hormones and I would be able to function normally so there's a lot more than we need to look at than just the simple marker of testosterone number nine I would have marched to the Beat of My Own Drum more I followed so much of the keto research that I didn't find what really worked for me until the end and the end came it landed on what is more like what I'm doing today which is low carb generally putting me into a ketogenic state if I'm fasting or if I'm working out but otherwise I'm out of that ketogenic State it's almost more dare I say ancestrally accurate because I'm not in ketosis all the time but if I go a period of time without eating I do snap into ketosis really quick because I'm not totally gorged on fuel and carbs all the time so it's something that I've learned that just because the literature says you need to do this doesn't mean you do it you do what works for you and what optimizes you and you have to Tinker and you have to try different things to find what works for you specifically as always I'll see you tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @giraykarabulut6667 [1 likes]: i should take vitamin OH HERE A VITAMIN SPONSOR to our channel ahahaha FUCKING CHARLATAN 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  2. @theindiescientologypodcast5112: low carb diets are bad for you
  3. @chrisgmelch1479: for me, I think it's great that you've completed your journey and are able to report what you have experienced because, i don't have ten years to figure out the best practices..... Thanks Bro
  4. @Seth.peanus: A chicken breast with a slice of cheese on top? That is not a smart keto meal at all you would have been fat starved. No wonder ur hormones were out of whack
  5. @cereal9249: I quit keto because I like ice cream
  6. @Crissyw23: This was a GREAT video. Thank you!
  7. @setor3ful: This video just confused the crap out of me.
  8. @tietoinenyhteys: I was eating 65–71% fat during the first three weeks. Even with my electrolytes, my hunger increased! So I changed it to 80–90% fat, and everything was fixed. This might change over time, but for now it works best for me. Maybe 50% protein will work after three months. It could be that the body becomes better at functioning with less fat later.
  9. @ronherrera8327: It sounds like he transitioned over to a high protein low-carb diet. Frank Zane three times Mr. Olympia Incorporated, that diet into his lifestyle 1 g of protein per body weight and half of that in carbohydrates, he also kept his fat intake moderate..
  10. @jordanpostle8641: 80/20 ground beef is far more affordable than 90/10. If you want to focus on keeping saturated fats under a limit, then you make the diet unaffordable for most.
  11. @plasmaDave: The Keto diet was marvelous for me 10 years ago, and I stayed with it for 3 years, lost loads of weight, never had heartburn/reflux again, but 8 years later, I have ever so gradually put a lot of the weight back on (beer is my kryptonite). So I started again, 8 weeks in, I have lost 6.5 kg and counting. This time, I will try to do it more regularly once the target is reached.
  12. @megamanlinkfan: Keto's great for weight loss. But will I be able to maintain this diet after I make my goal weight? Maybe not. Maybe so. If anyone reads this one thing I like to do is eat chicken one week and beef the next week. Its works well for me. Chicken week is less calories and that's generally the week I lose weight. And the beef week kinda revitalizes me and I just love beef anyways. Oh and obviously eat an avocado at some point so your not hella constipated! 😅
  13. @donweaver1600: Correct I came of keto now a little fruit bananas and some small boiled spuds on a weekend but meat is no 1
  14. @MythicStealth: For me (female in my 50's) at an ideal weight, Keto doesn't help me, in fact I gain weight on it. Never ate cheese or fats before, but I tried Keto anyway because my family is diabetic and I wanted to avoid that.  I have "keto-ish" days to enjoy those foods, but doing leaner meats most days. I hated being carb-phobic and developing this orthorexic mindset! Intuitive and Mediterranean seems to fit my life.
  15. @SusanaXpeace2u: Interesting, i'm using keto just to lose weight, but i look forward to being able to do this diet pretty much but just be able to include a few berries, a small bowl of porridge occasionally, or a handful of chickpeas.  So i will describe myself ketoteto.  If I could go back in time to the first time i did keto, five years ago, i would eat less added fats!!!!   less butter, less cheese.  This time around, i eat a lot of oily fish, avocado, measured amounts of nuts.  But i measure out the olive oil, i measure greek yogurt (as it has carbs) but also, i use fats sparingly.
  16. @sarahellen5846: So...your metabolic recovery could've been slowed because of the omega 6/seed oil heavy processed keto snacks more than saturated animal fats.
  17. @ranmangolf: do you eat any types of grains or breads?
  18. @HybridHypertrophy: This is a legit video
  19. @jasonsargent5030: What gear is he on?
  20. @globalinvestor9440: Low carb and no carb diets will soon be fazed out as fads.  Eating about 1/3 of protein, carbs, and fats is the proper diet. Ask any licensed nutritionist .

- Quitting Keto After 5 Years: Why I Chose to Stop: Kind: captions Language: en Why did I give Up on Keto After Half a Decade? This video reveals The Shocking Reason I Quit&nbsp; Keto After 5 Years of Being a Loyal Follower Hello, my name is Lesya Holzapfel.&nbsp; I have bachelors in nutrition and&nbsp;&nbsp; dietetics and I help professional women shed fat. On this channel, I talk about&nbsp; all things clean keto and carb&nbsp;&nbsp; cycling so if you're interested&nbsp; in that, consider subscribing. Today I wanted to share my personal story with&nbsp; you about how I quit the keto diet after 5 years. I know you may be thinking, "But wait,&nbsp;&nbsp; isn't keto supposed to be the ultimate&nbsp; weight loss solution for women?" Well, it worked for me in the beginning, but&nbsp; things took a turn for the worse after a while. I discovered the ketogenic diet&nbsp; in 2015 after my first pregnancy. I had gained 50 pounds and I could not lose it&nbsp; with traditional calorie counting and exercise. I remember eating 1200 calories a day and running&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 miles 6 times per week but&nbsp; the weight would not budge. I was so desperate that even though keto&nbsp; went against everything I had learned&nbsp;&nbsp; in college when I studied to be a&nbsp; dietician, I decided to give it a try. The result? I was down to my pre-pregnancy&nbsp; weight in a matter of months. I was thrilled! I finally found the golden&nbsp; ticket- or so I thought. Unfortunately, like many women I work with do, I&nbsp; treated keto like a diet, instead of a lifestyle. By the time I got pregnant&nbsp; with my second daughter,&nbsp;&nbsp; I had given up on keto and gained&nbsp; 60 pounds in that pregnancy. I weighed 200lbs when I gave&nbsp; birth and I was devastated. I was motivated to go back to keto and figure&nbsp; out how to make it a sustainable lifestyle&nbsp;&nbsp; which is what I teach now as the&nbsp; Holistic Clean Keto Lifestyle. It took me 8 months to lose the 60&nbsp; lbs and all was well in the world. Until the end of 2019. Keto became the diet that worked&nbsp; for 5 years - until it didn't. You see, I started experiencing some&nbsp; intense cortisol and adrenal issues,&nbsp;&nbsp; all related to chronic stress. And unfortunately, the keto diet&nbsp; ended up making those issues worse. I was eating all of the "right"&nbsp; foods and sticking to the plan,&nbsp;&nbsp; but instead of losing weight, I gained 50 pounds. The weight crept up slowly and I&nbsp; didn't notice it because I was so&nbsp;&nbsp; occupied with growing a business and&nbsp; taking care of two small kids at home. Then, one day I woke up looked in the mirror, and&nbsp; realized that I couldn't recognize myself anymore. At first, I couldn't understand what was&nbsp; happening. I was so confused and frustrated. But then, I started doing some research&nbsp; and realized that long term, the keto&nbsp;&nbsp; diet can harm your hormones, especially if&nbsp; you're dealing with stress-related issues. So, I made the difficult decision to quit keto. It wasn't easy, trust me. I had been doing it for so long and it&nbsp; felt like such a part of my identity. I built my business and brand around keto. I was known as the "clean keto expert". Even my daughter used to call me "the keto girl." Not to mention, I was deathly afraid&nbsp; to eat anything but keto for fear of&nbsp;&nbsp; gaining weight even though I had already&nbsp; gained so much weight while being on keto. Quite the paradox, wouldn't you agree? But in the end, it was the&nbsp; best decision for my health. I switched over to a carb cycling&nbsp; approach a couple of years ago to&nbsp;&nbsp; help fix my adrenal and cortisol&nbsp; issues and I've never felt better. I also stopped gaining weight and am finally&nbsp; losing weight in a healthy, sustainable way,&nbsp;&nbsp; while eating way more carbs than I have&nbsp; in the 5 years I was on strict keto. Now, I'm not saying that the&nbsp; keto diet is bad for everyone,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's important to remember that what&nbsp; works for one woman may not work for another. I still believe in the power of&nbsp; keto and highly recommend it,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially to my clients who&nbsp; have prediabetes or diabetes. I have an entire program dedicated to keto&nbsp;&nbsp; called The Holistic Clean Keto&nbsp; Weight Loss Program for Women. I'll leave a link in the description&nbsp; if you want to learn more about it. The point I’m trying to make by sharing my honest&nbsp; story with you is that there's a time for keto and&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a time for carbs and it’s essential not&nbsp; to be dogmatic but know when it's time to switch. I know that one day I'll be able to go&nbsp; back to more keto days and just because my&nbsp;&nbsp; body doesn't do well with strict keto now,&nbsp; doesn't mean it will be this way forever. If you're watching this and experiencing any&nbsp; unexpected weight gain or hormonal issues,&nbsp;&nbsp; it may be worth looking into&nbsp; whether or not long-term keto&nbsp;&nbsp; is to blame and carb cycling can&nbsp; be the solution to those problems. If you don't know where to start&nbsp; with this, go watch my training&nbsp;&nbsp; on how I help my clients bring back&nbsp; carbs with a simple 3-step blueprint. I'll leave a link in the&nbsp; description for that as well. I hope my story can help someone out there&nbsp; who may be going through something similar. Remember, it's always important to listen to your&nbsp; body and make the choices that are best for you. At the end of the day, it's&nbsp; not about what diet is trendy,&nbsp;&nbsp; but what way of eating you feel&nbsp; best at and supports your goals. Now if you are curious as to why long-term&nbsp; keto isn’t great for most women, that is&nbsp;&nbsp; what I’m going to cover In my next video, so&nbsp; if you're ready for that, I'll see you there!

  Top Comments:
  1. @daniellearce4357 [4 likes]: yes!!! this happened to me too, women can't really do keto long term especially when under stress.
  2. @Annalisa-w8p [1 likes]: So what do you do now?
  3. @strawberrygirl8572 [1 likes]: This is exactly what I'm struggling with as well. And now my body doesn't want to release weight at all. Feels like my metabolism is ruined. (keto for 4 years, most of the time doing 18/6 IF, during and after menopause--it did help me through menopause, but now my already sensitive adrenals are in total dysfunction and have crashed)
  4. @vasiliygalay9103 [1 likes]: Yes, Keto is still  very helpful for many, but your honesty is greatly appreciated !
  5. @glendaphilpott9078 [1 likes]: I recommend reading Fast Like a Girl by Dr Mindy Pelz, it's not like all the fasting advice, Dr Mindy also has a lot of information and advice. I'm starting my first 30 day reset tomorrow, after 2 weeks pre reset of 13 hour fasting. It varies between clean keto, keto, low carb etc.
  6. @LesyaHolzapfel: How long have you been on the keto diet?

- WHY I QUIT KETO DIET: Kind: captions Language: en so I wanted to chat about why I stopped doing Kido a lot of you guys have been asking me to follow up with that and you're like what's the update if you didn't know I did keto for about eight weeks leading up to my wedding that decision was driven by trying to lose the last ten pounds before my wedding I had a goal weight in mind and what I've been before a long time ago and I'm just trying to get back to that you know heard about keto I heard all over the internet everyone's talking about it and like I saw all these youtubers doing it I'm like oh my gosh this is obviously the answer you know I try it for myself I got the carb manager app and I was like 20 net carbs a day let's do this 20 net carbs a day is no joke I mean your key foods are bacon eggs avocado nuts really high fat foods and like 0-2 like very little carbs is what you're eating all day so I sustain that for about eight weeks before my wedding and I will say the positive parts about that first I did hit my goal weight for that I did lose the last bit that I was hoping to I had an insane amount of mental clarity which a lot of actually don't hear a lot of people talking about the clarity the mental clarity part of it was actually kind of crazy like I could think so clearly I like it was very in touch with my thoughts it was actually really wild that was probably one of the best parts about it just felt very focused and I liked that a lot about it and it was a I mean I I dropped that weight that I really wanted I was like whoa this worked but there were also some parts about keto for me that just didn't feel very natural I mean one being like you know having fruit would almost go against the keto diet I mean just to give you guys some context and just just as an example eating one banana in your day would kick you out of ketosis like it's a Dodge trick I think that started to make me feel a little like deprived in the sense I didn't feel like I had a lot of freedom of choice terms of food which I'm sure a lot of people can argue there's tons of recipes and like that yes but I didn't feel like the things I loved the foods I really appreciate in life really did not sit well with keto diet so it was hard for me to not feel a little deprived I felt satiated but I did also feel deprived in terms of choice going out to restaurants and things yes you can make things keto but it wasn't like so if I'm gonna go out to eat and it's a treat I don't want to like have the same foods that I have at home and just I don't know I got a little tired of it that was a big factor another one was the amount of hair loss I had I noticed in the shower my hair was falling out like really alarming amounts falling out when I put my hand through my hair and just looked down and but clearing out the drain it was so like so much more frequent than I ever had before that I was actually freaking me out and I know that's like an invite like a deficiency since you're once you go really low-carbon supposed to be a side effect so you're supposed to start taking more magnesium and electrolytes to supplement it and I just I don't know I didn't it didn't feel natural to me to do that and to like go or punish it with this so that I didn't love I've never felt so energetic in my life the flip side to that was that it completely affected my sleeping cycle I wasn't sleeping at night like I was like staring at the ceiling I felt like I could work out at 3m but it was so it was it was really neat at first I was like you know working at night and just doing stuff saying busy but it just again didn't feel natural not sleep I loved sleep I wanted to sleep it's like my mind wanted to but my body wasn't gonna let me and it was just weird I almost felt like I was having an out-of-body experience because I'm not the type of person who never sleeps I can like I'm like a bear I can sleep the night away and sleep in and I wasn't doing that so everything just started to feel unnatural and and different to where it kind of almost like freaked me out a little bit it really gave me the short-term goal of what I wanted which was to lose that last little bit of weight and then I thought okay this is like this is cool like you know trying something different in my diet but that's the thing I think it felt too much like a diet and not a lifestyle and again I was in the headspace right before a wedding so I was thinking about my wedding and wanting to look and feel my best but then I go on my honeymoon and I was not gonna be Quito in my honeymoon I mean let's be real like you guys haven't seen it I did post a gaining weight on vacation video which feel free to check out I've just been really wanting to be open with you guys about all this stuff that I will put it in the cards here that I enjoyed myself on vacation and there was no regrets about that and I am so much happier now especially it's a lot of pressure going into a wedding which maybe you guys can relate to but like wanting to look and feel your best and putting that pressure of like looking a certain way so I went on my honeymoon and I enjoyed it so much and I definitely went on the opposite side of like extreme of like enjoying myself which I don't think is you know good to do all the time but if you're on vacation you're gonna do that so I was kind of like when I came home I was like okay I need a middle of the ground road of all this between the two like I can't you know I just need to figure out my happy place like what makes me feel good what motivates me to go to the gym what I need to find this like sweet spot which I feel like I have right now so now what I'm doing is still tracking I'm doing a nut low-carb but I'm having carbs that are just like normal like I would say like 150 grams a day and it's just I am satiated I feel like I have freedom of choice like I'm eating fruit again I do those things and I don't feel bad and like I feel like I need the carbs too because I do a lot of high-intensity workout Orangetheory and like it just nourishes me and like fuels me for my workouts and I you know I just I love it and if you guys are having trouble you know lose wait you're you're lowering your calories but you're confused on why you're not losing weight track your macros like that's a huge thing and so I've been doing that and just doing like a general like low carb but nothing nothing like 20 net carbs that's like it's just so hard guys like it was so hard for me it might come naturally for you if you don't create bread or anything like that like I love bread I'm not going as far as keto it's just it's so hard and the side effects started to freak me out and just not feel natural so you have to do what feels right for you and with you what your doctor recommends would work for some people could be working for you if you're watching so don't take this as like a criticism on you know keto it just personally did not sit well with me and then also just I felt like I was depriving myself and I didn't like that it did feel like a diet for me and not a lifestyle I think when you make that recognition for yourself of what's a diet versus what's sustainable for you and your lifestyle and I'm not saying going and eating a cheeseburger every day is like should be the lifestyle but I mean finding just that like guilt-free happy working hard motivated like that sweet spot it's really just finding that sweet spot which I feel like I'm in right now and I'm just like feel happier than ever in my skin and I want that for you guys too whether that is doing keto as a lifestyle or not doing keto as a lifestyle um I just wanted to be honest with you guys about it you guys have any questions about keto and my experience again I'm not a health expert I just wanted to share my personal journey with it with you guys so yeah because I know it's all over the place on YouTube and that's kind of how I found it and like you know was curious about it so if you have any questions at all just let me know in the comments

- This is Why Everyone Gains Weight After Quitting Keto (it’s not carbs): Kind: captions Language: en these are the reasons why people gain so much fat when they come off of Keto it is a very real thing it's not just water weight people think I come off of Keto I'm going to just retain water because of the carbohydrates I'm sure that's part of the situation but no people legitimately do rebound and it's not because the carbohydrates and it's not because of this whole rebound effect that we think it is it's a very logical situation and it's a very easy and practical to fix if we understand what's going on at the very core of what is happening you are adding carbohydrates back into a diet but typically not reducing fats enough that is the simple piece now we're going to break this down more because there's a lot of other pieces too essentially you now have a very high caloric diet you went from eating very low carbohydrate with moderate protein and a high amount of fat and now you've added carbohydrates into the mix and even though you've probably reduced fat a little bit you probably haven't reduced it enough so now you've got hyper palatable fats and hyperpalatable carbohydrates leading you to this very high calorie diet but there's another situation that also comes into play now that you have carbohydrates in the equation carbohydrates or at least insulin in this case will inhibit lipolysis the presence of insulin will stop fat loss from occurring so that makes you think carbohydrates are the problem that's right I put the carbs back in and they stopped the fat burning no we always have insulin happening whenever we eat right so we're going to have a certain degree of inhibition of lipolysis of stopping fat burning the problem that we Face here is now we have high amounts of fat but we also have high amounts of carbohydrates that are spiking insulin and making it impossible or difficult to burn the fats that we are also consuming in addition to this we also have what's called metabolic gridlock where you have so much in the way of fats and carbs probably coming in in a sort of overfeeding fashion that our mitochondria become a little bit like well disgruntled right that's a lot of fuel coming in at once and that's hard on the body you've continued to eat the very fatty cuts of meat that you would normally eat on a low carb keto diet but you're doing that alongside carbohydrates you see the problem here right but then it continues on because in theory when you come off of Keto in theory you could actually look leaner the reason behind that is because your glycogen stores would fill up your muscles would volumize a little bit more and you might actually look leaner now again in theory it's less caloric density right you've gone from fats which are nine calories per gram to carbs which are four calories per gram so your stomach has probably shrunk being adjusted to more caloric density So in theory you should be able to eat more volume of food and actually consume less calories but if you're not reducing the fats when you come off of Keto that's not happening we have to Simply remember as much as we don't like to hear it that in healthy people fats store easier than carbs I know it's not what we want to hear and don't get me wrong as a low carb person myself like I am not the biggest fan of copious amounts of carbohydrates but I'm leveling with you here this is real stuff from a very simple biochemical perspective fats literally store easier de novolipogenesis storing fat from carbohydrates is a multi-step seven or eight step process whereas storing fats as fat in excess is quite easy so when you add fats plus carbohydrates and you're eating too much it's a recipe for gaining weight very fast now in this video as we get towards the end I'm going to share things that you can do if you are someone that's coming off of a low carb diet and you're transitioning things that you could apply that'll make a lot of sense but there's still more to this equation the next problem is people add in the carbohydrates because yes they're being added in but instead of just adding in the carbohydrates in addition to protein they tend to eat their carbohydrates and by default reduce their protein intake so now you have an increase in carbohydrates probably a very little decrease in the fat intake and a pretty significant decrease in protein so now you're left with less lean body mass being preserved so you can decline in your resting metabolic rate but you also are less satiated because protein is very satiating so now you've got carbs which are essentially going to probably make you feel more hungry because it's something new right and when we look at this it's a simple food volume thing again if you started adding carbs in something has to give okay fats are so small in their actual volume but high in their caloric density that's not a big leverage point for your overall volume of food so really you have a competition between carbs and proteins you added carbs back in are you making sure your protein is where it needs to be too so you should be reducing that fat increasing that protein and also subtly bringing carbs back into the equation that's how you find balance so what you need to do initially with that is if you have to use a protein shake do it you need to get the protein in otherwise you're going to fall victim to the appetite stimulating effect of carbohydrates in which you are not used to at this time so a protein shake maybe some beef sticks something like that I pop the link down below for ones that I recommend a company called Apex they have really good beef sticks but they also have what's called biltong which is air dried built on so it's like what they have in South Africa so they take beef and they air dry it so instead of jerky where it's aggressively dried and it gets really hard and stiff this is very soft and tender so it's almost like having portable steak it's really really cool they've got some good flavors too they've got like Peri-Peri flavor which is one of my personal favorites they've got Teriyaki which is still a gluten-free Teriyaki they've got original this stuff is super good I popped the link down below again even whether you do keto or not it's worth having some healthy beef meat snacks around and they're leaner your Cuts there's not a lot of fat so it's very very low calorie pretty much just straight up lean protein pop that link down below and again it might sound contrived but the bottom line is like you can use a shake you can do whatever you don't have to get Bilt on I'm just suggesting it because it tastes good they've been a sponsor on this channel for a long time I know the owner and it actually is legitimately helpful so that link down below saves you some cash and you can check out all the different flavors their beef sticks and also their built on down below hyper palatable fats are hyper palatable so when you were doing Keto the fats are still something that the brain registers a reward with it sees that and it lights up a particular region of the brain have you ever noticed that like a high fat food even if it's not sweet makes you feel something it feels good right you crave fat sometimes and then you get them and brain lights up carbohydrates do that too except they do it in a different area of the brain so what we've seen under functional MRI scans is that fats light up one area of the brain make you excited carbs light up another area of the brain and make you excited so when you take fats and carbs and combine them you now have a hyper palatable response that you have not experienced in a long time you've been doing keto so you've been getting one side the fats the hyper palatable side from the fats that that initiation but you haven't felt both in tandem because you haven't been eating carbs and fats now whether you are going Hog Wild or not you're adding both of them into the mix and that is going to light the brain up much more like a Christmas tree you got fireworks now it's gonna make you hungry that's harder to control so with this it becomes very very important that you exercise some restraint you have stop gaps in place I'm telling you it's real people come off keto and they get fat and it's a problem and then they blame keto because they say well keto only works because it was this and then now you know it wasn't an actual fix it is a fix it can work but you have to also be responsible when you come off here's a few things you can do first off time your carbohydrates around your workout first when you first Implement carbs you want to time them around your workout and that's the only time you have them to start I might get some crap for saying this but carbs generally need to be earned and that's not like a creating an eating disorder type pattern way of thinking it's simple carbohydrates are fuel for movement right carbohydrates are fuel and the Brain needs those carbohydrates for energy right we should initially earn them carbohydrates either pre or carbohydrates post-workout that's a great way to indoctrinate carbs back and then you work outwards as a radius from there next up you want to make sure you're increasing your fiber content people add carbs back in and there's something called carb curiosity I kind of made it up but it's real you've been devoid of carbs for so long that now you're curious about all these different carbs you haven't had for a while and once you get the taste of that blood you get those carbohydrates you're like ah I gotta go for more and it's easy you want to like reach for all kinds of different things so having the fiber sort of blunts that blood sugar response but also keeps you satiated of course the protein piece is a very important piece too but I don't need to you know beat that into the ground we know that's important so beef snacks protein shakes high protein with meals whatever protein in the morning protein before bed whatever you got to do okay next up is start small like you don't need to have an on off switch from keto to high carb that's just not how it works you should probably be responsible with the amount of carbohydrates you bring in and start small anyway number five is a very basic one like we've talked about before and that is reducing the fats realistically for every one gram of carbohydrate that you increase you probably want to be decreasing the fats by a half a gram okay so if you add a hundred grams of carbs in you should theoretically decrease 50 grams of fat to keep your calories equal I'm not saying that thermodynamics is the only thing that matters but it's a general rule of thumb to follow leaner cuts of meat is going to be an easy way to get around this too if you're normally having rib eyes and you switch to a fillet you just reduce like 30 grams of fat in a single serving right then and there you don't have to go low fat but you do need to be cognizant of it the next thing is and the last thing is you need to change how you train a little bit if you are now adding carbs into the mix you should try to burn them which means you should do more anaerobic type work your resistance training might need to be a little bit more difficult you might need to do more hit you might need to do more higher intensity work to utilize those carbs this is also going to help condition the mitochondria to up regulate glucose Transport Systems so you're good at using those carbs that's why there is such a pivotal difference between someone that is sedentary that consumes a lot of carbs and someone that is active that consumes a lot of carbs okay two completely different sides of the coin so with great carbs come great responsibility you need to burn them the proper way as always I'll see you tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @justmecharlesb [5 likes]: Could you share more on how to slowly increase carbs, like what would this look like?
  2. @wild_cub_times [3 likes]: One thing too that I noticed. If I stay home depressed doing nothing 24/7 I tend to be hungry all the time and overeat.
When I attend to event where there are activities for whole week and served meals, I tend not to be hungry. Maybe bc I get reward elsewhere, maybe bc I'm woth humans and not alone with my things. Who knows, but activity is also one thing to add after keto.
  3. @Justme77400 [1 likes]: If you're having carbs always eat your protein first.  It helps blunts the glucose spike and it fills you up so you won't go overboard with the carbs.
  4. @Justme77400 [1 likes]: I love being on keto/low carb.  I can do it for the long haul.  There are times I do eat some carbs but I balance it overall. I NEVER do cheat DAYS.
  5. @Sirach144 [1 likes]: Keto for Life!!!!
  6. @kellybelly109 [1 likes]: This convinced me to stay Keto
  7. @nataliealford6277: i lost 75lbs within 8 mo of keto back in 2021. I kept up with the keto lifestyle for a year and a half. By 2024 I gained the whole 75lbs back. I've been struggling with getting back on keto consistently for over a year now.
  8. @SusanaXpeace2u: i'm going to gradually push up the net carb ceiling to 30 but reduce fat to under 50 per day.  At the moment, my fat could be 80g per day, healthy food, mackerel, avocado, nuts, blue cheese, i'm not adding butter and mayo, but still, I wish I had a number to try and keep my fats under.
  9. @tiffanyflint: Macros please.
  10. @elkehol_yt: I'm traveling in 2 weeks and am planning to indulge on the trip, so I'm looking to move off of keto now so my body can hopefully get used to a "normal" diet again without overstoring both carbs and fats. This is so useful!
  11. @tmacdagreattv: I gained 10 pounds coming off keto within 2 weeks while staying below 2000 calories, why?
  12. @scanzaroli: Thank you!!!!
  13. @nosakhareobakpoler9825: Spot on!!  This happened to me
  14. @classyman5627: This really worked for me as I hit a wall after 4-5 weeks on keto and then something to sustain....I'm doing carb cycling but some times go over board😅....the fasting options of 20-18-16 is great idea to put you back on track....I did a 22 hour fast yesterday so the guy feels really good
  15. @Grayald: I recently got off keto and gained 6 lb on my second day after eating carbs again. Day 3 I had dropped two and a half of those extra pounds.

Macro split is about:
191p / 119c / 51f.

I feel like it's fluid retention, as I'm doing 1700 calories, and not eating back what I burn from walking or going to the gym.

Hoping to see some equalization soon and some steady decrease following.
  16. @barrygeoff: So we introduce carbs back into our diet and introduce a thousand rules on how you need to eat 😂
  17. @Clammy69: Just don't come off keto: problem solved.
  18. @razorgg: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeL7_0FgsfQ&t=907s,     so this med Cram looks like there are some significant  questions about low carb and mostly meat diet, 11:50  reviewing the chart increase in getting DMII   on Low carb diet on animal sources
  19. @Countrygirl8019: Its not rocket science lol
  20. @franchangehabits: I regained 17 kg since octuber 2023 until now . I WAS IN KETO DIET after that I stopped but I was thinking I am eating healthy.😅😢 nooo way I can't  dieting  more is impossible each time I start a diet i gain more weight

- Why I Quit Keto After a Year ~ Pros & Cons ~ I Want My Hips Back! 🤪: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel my name is Jennifer Jenkins thank you so much for being here in today's video I'm going to be sharing with you why I have decided to get off the keto diet um if you have been with my channel for a while you know that I've been on this diet for I would say at least a year um I definitely gave it a good run I I don't know exactly when I started I guess I could go back in my videos and try to figure that out but it's really not that important it's not like y'all are going to be sitting here like none of this makes sense because we don't know the exact date that you started you know but I have just decided that this diet is no longer for me and um you know in the last couple months I have just been kind of weighing the pros and cons and you know I don't I think that we all have a personal experience when it comes to you know the way that we feed ourselves um I don't think that a diet or that any diet is like a one size fits all you know I think that we all um respond differently two different diets and we just have to figure out what works best for us so um so anyway that is what this video is going to be about I'm just going to share with you why I have decided that this diet is no longer for me now before I get started I did want to say that um please leave me some feedback if you have been on this diet whether it was just you know temporarily to lose some weight or if you did it long term I would love to know if you had any of these experiences yourself um and you know how you feel about it or if you can relate or anything like that so don't um you know don't hesitate to leave a comment because I'd really love to read them okay so for this first one I'm going to be completely transparent um this is not the biggest reason why I have decided to get off this diet but it's definitely an important one and that is that I just do not like the way that I look at all um I have never struggled with weight I've always maintained a body weight of about after my children I've always been 110 and I'm 49 now I've never struggled with weight so I was not trying to lose weight at all um I just wanted to clean up my diet I wanted to eat things that I knew were good good for me um I wanted to try eating more healthy fats and more proteins and stuff like that because for so long I really avoided you know just anything high in fat whether it was healthy fats or unhealthy fats you know so I wanted to try something different but I didn't want to put on a bunch of weight you know so I decided that I was going to go with this one however with this diet I find it extremely difficult to keep on weight and um like I said I've always been 110 on this diet I have slipped down to 105 at one point I was 104.5 I'm 5'3 and a half that's a lot of weight to lose on a frame as small as mine so um I usually stay somewhere between 106 107 and 108. that is still too thin for me and I don't like the way that it looks um like I said most of my life I've been about 110 sometimes I love the way that I look at 112 also I do not like the way that I look like this more morning I thought that I was making Headway and gaining weight because I've been eating more than ever before and then I hopped on the scale this morning and I was 106. and I I'm not comfortable with that I don't um I don't like the way that I look in clothes I feel like I look Way Too Thin I I had put up a a shorts video um the other day I've actually put up a few um here on YouTube you can just go to my videos and you know click on videos and it'll show you the last few shorts that I've done um in the very last one my legs look so so tiny and to me it doesn't look good not at my age also I have noticed that I have become really really bony and I've always struggled keeping weight up top like even when I was nine months pregnant I could still see my bones in my chest and stuff like that even though I'd gained I think it was like 36 pounds or something like that it wasn't extreme but still you would think that I would have put some fat on up here and I just don't I don't you know our bodies distribute fat differently and but since I've been on this diet I have noticed the bones just really really showing up especially in videos If I were not on social media making videos I probably wouldn't even notice these things but when you see yourself often in video and stuff like that you do start to notice those things so in the last three shorts that I've put here on YouTube um the first one my legs just look super super tiny and then the other two it's like my chest looks so so bony um and and I can feel it differently like way down here it just feels like there's nothing between it's like their skin and bones you know and I do not like that um I feel like I've lost my hips I used to have pretty round hips I don't feel like I have round hips anymore I've lost a lot of my rear end and I don't like that either you know in some jeans I can make it look good or decent but um but I don't like the way that it looks so that is definitely one of the biggest reasons why I've decided um to get off this diet I know that somebody's gonna be like oh wow that's so vain but you know um the way that I feel like I look in the mirror definitely plays a role in my happiness you know I'm going to be completely transparent about that um just like a bad haircut can make you feel you know not confident or insecure or something like that um when I don't like the way that I look in clothes or even you know naked then um then I'm not happy you can get too thin and then it just no longer looks pretty right so that is definitely a big reason why I'm getting off this diet I've noticed my face is thinned out my bones are showing you know I just my legs look I feel like I look frail you know and I don't look healthy or sexy or anything like that you know I just feel like I don't look good and so um and it doesn't matter how much I eat and how much fat I eat and that's also plan a trip on my mind I've never been somebody to eat that much fat in a day you know whenever my first snack of the day are these nuts and it's got like I I eat at least 30 to 40 grams of fat just in my nuts alone and that's the first thing that I put in my mouth that would have never computed in my mind prior to this diet um and then somehow I'm still losing weight those things I don't know they just they don't sit well with me and so um so that's that's number one I just don't like the way that I look right now so another thing is that whenever I first started this diet one of the biggest reasons that I started it was because I wanted to be more health conscious but also um I had some bloating that I didn't like that was I felt like it was a part of like perimenopause and stuff like that and I heard that this diet could also help with that um and then also I had some lower left back pain that had been bothering me for years and years and years and no matter what I did it was always there um and I heard that you know this diet could help with inflammation in the body and can help with that back pain I can definitely say that it did help with the back pain like I I would say the first I would say six months or so I could tell that I had a lot less back pain and that whenever I would cheat I could feel that back pain you know more and so it did make sense to me that uh you know certain carbs were causing inflammation in my body and causing you know the back pain um so that I can definitely say was definitely a pro and because of that I'm going to be very careful with the things that I put in my body now um I'm not you know there are certain carbs that I feel like have no place in my life anyway you know certain things like chips or you know crackers or cookies or something like that I think that whatever you get on a diet like this and you commit to being as restrictive as you need to be on a diet like this in order to stay in ketosis you really have um first of all you have different Cravings there was before ever getting on this diet I never craved fruit now it's like I crave fruit all the time which is odd to me that I feel like that's my body telling me I need fruit even though it was never something that I craved before which is kind of funny but now I don't crave um some of the things that I that I did before like I have gotten so good at just not you know eating chips and stuff like that that I don't even crave them anymore so I feel like that's another Pro is that I have eliminated some of the Cravings that I had before that I was always just munching on Just Junk you know even though it was low fat or low calorie or something like that it was still junk it still wasn't doing anything for my body you know now whenever I eat I think is this what I'm about to put in my mouth is this going to hurt me or help me you know cookies are not going to help you they're only going to hurt you you know the sugar and stuff like that fruit is definitely going to help you you know it's definitely good for your body and so although I can't say that you know I miss fruit because it was never a big part of my diet now I actually crave fruit and so when I do allow myself to have carbs you know you have to keep it within a certain carb count or whatever but when I do allow myself to have some grapes or a few slices of Apple I cannot tell you how delicious it tastes and um it tastes like a real treat to me and so that is a pro that you know coming out of this diet I'm craving things that are not only good for me but also tastes good and even though they do they are high in carbs and natural sugars um I I don't think that that's a bad thing now another reason that I have me is because whenever I was eating the way that I was prior to this diet which is I was just more conscious of you know fat and and mainly fat you know that was in my Foods I was just figuring out lower fat ways of preparing things but whenever I was eating that way it was really easy for me to just be really good you know all week long because I would allow myself a cheat night every single week um sometimes it would be a Friday night and then all day Saturday but most days most weeks it would just be um Saturdays you know all day Saturday just eat whatever I want you know and that gave me something to look forward to because um because I felt like I was good you know throughout the rest of the week well on this diet you really cannot do that because whenever you are transitioning into ketosis it is an awful feeling it does not feel good at all you feel like you're sick you feel like you're tired um I get dizzy there's just a lot of things that go back into um transitioning into ketosis so that whenever you do have a cheat night it's like you know that you just have three days that are just gonna feel real icky you know what I mean so so instead of having a cheat night once a week to look forward to I started having them like once a month because it wasn't worth it to me so then again it was even harder for me to keep any weight on because I feel like the only thing that was kind of keeping um some weight on before was that I was having cheat nights more regularly so I didn't like that and and it's not worth it to me I look forward to having cheat nights you know I don't want to eliminate all delicious foods from my diet forever the way that I was eating before I never felt like I was dieting I never felt it was just a lifestyle I never felt like I was missing out on anything I always just it was just a lifestyle and I've always stayed thin but at a certain point in my life I decided then wasn't all I wanted anymore you know I wanted to be thin but I also wanted to be healthy um like I wouldn't I wouldn't have been like oh I'll be healthy but then keep 15 extra pounds on me that I was not willing to do that but um but if I could stay thin and also be healthier that would be great I didn't want to get thinner though and I did and I could not I could not keep weight on and it's it was just playing a trip on my mind so anyway that is another reason I just feel like this this you know keto way of eating is very very restrictive and it's not something that you can play with you know you don't get on and off of it like that without you know um going through some stuff in your body and I just don't think that that is a good way to live you know I don't want to um I don't have to transition back and forth I don't know what kind of damage I'm doing to my body by doing stuff like that you know and so I just decided that I don't want to do that anymore now another um issue that I was having with this diet is that I would find myself dehydrated often not often but two times I can recall um being so dehydrated that um that it was alarming to me and the first time I didn't know what it was the second time I knew how to recognize it but one thing about the keto diet is that there's this magical way that it just helps eliminate all the water from your body I think that's one of the reasons why you start to look so lean also um I feel like it made my face look really gaunt too though so you do have to you know constantly replenish your fluids I have a difficult time drinking water I don't know why but also you know we own these water Mills um you know I don't know if you've ever seen them but they're you know these places where you go and you fill up your big water jugs we own a couple of those so we have our own water cooler here and that's the only type of water that we drink because we know how clean it is um the problem with it is that it does not have a lot of electrolytes in it um like tap water or refrigerated water or something like that so I would have to add um electrolytes to my water and I I just I don't like the way that tastes at all but um but even when I would flavor it you could still kind of taste it and so a couple times um I became dehydrated the first time it was just really scary you feel like you're gonna have you feel like you're going to have a heart attack you don't know I did not know that it was dehydration I was so dizzy and um just I don't know it was so scary so um so that's something that I feel like I'm constantly battling with on this diet is trying to drink enough water to replenish the water that's being eliminated from my body because of ketosis and um and again it's just one of those things like how can good for me if I'm constantly having to you know make sure I have enough water all these rules you know that go along with this diet were just making me think like this cannot be something that's going to be a lifestyle for me it doesn't seem safe like it started to be like is this safe you know um and so the dehydration is definitely another reason why I decided like no this is not for me okay so this is the one that I really want some feedback on um because this just really did not make any sense to me but um but I did not like it of course um so I have never ever in my life struggled or had any issues with cellulite ever and um and I've always eaten you know a certain way I've always worked out a certain way right now in my life and especially in the last year I work out more than I've ever worked out in my entire life ever in my 20s 30s 40s you know and I'm 49. um I work out more than I've ever worked out before I'm thinner than I have been in the last 20 years because of this diet you know and um however I have noticed and I see more cellulite and I'm like how does that that doesn't even make sense to me so I actually Googled it and I can't remember the exact wording of what I was going to Google but it literally like populated it for me like filled in the blanks for me like as if of course I'm not the only one searching this out like does Keith oh I think I said like can keto diet cause and then it just filled in cellulite and which means a lot of people are researching this you know um otherwise why would it just you know populate like that I mean unless unless there's another reason for you know why it would fill in the blanks for you but um but I one article that I came across or I don't you know whatever website it was saying that um you know originally when you start this diet it gets rid of the non-resistant fat first and then you're left with the resistant fat but that still doesn't make sense to me like did the non-resistant fat hide the resistant fat or something and if so then I'll take back the non-resistant fat you know because I don't want to see cellulite you know and I thought is it an aging thing but it's only been a year it's not like I can't imagine like I said I'm working out more than ever um I'm thinner and and then I started thinking maybe carbs you know certain amount of carbs especially from fruits and stuff like that maybe retaining water is a good thing maybe it does kind of camouflage you know the um the cellulite and stuff like that because that just did not make sense to me why if I work out more and I'm thinner and I'm more lean and I have bones showing and stuff like that why do I now have cellulite it just doesn't make sense so of course I'm like I need to this this diet is not going to be for me if I would be too skinny and have cellulite why why would I be like yes I'm gonna stick with it you know what I mean and the last thing is that you know I just don't want to have to sit around and count carbs and make sure that I'm going to stay within you know a certain carb count otherwise I'm going to be kicked out of ketosis and then have to go through that all over again you know what I mean um and so you know whenever the way that I was eating before obviously there was a time where I counted calories or counted fat and stuff like that um after you've been eating a certain way for so many years like 20 years you don't have to look at you know calorie count and fat count and stuff like that anymore you just kind of know because you've been eating that way for 20 years with this one I felt like I was always having to check the labels and check the fiber count and check the carb count and stuff like that and um and I like doing that I just don't again if it if it feels restrictive then I don't like it you know I there's there's a lot of people that would probably think that the way that I ate before I felt restrictive but it did not feel restrictive to me and so that's what matters you know like I said every diet's not a one size fits all and we all have a our own personal experience you know with um with the way that we eat and stuff like that I think that covers all the reasons why um why I've decided to get off this diet now um now I'm not gonna go back to you know eating completely like I did before I'm definitely going to be a lot more selective in um the carbs that I put in my body I'm definitely going to be eating a lot more fruit vegetables of course I think what I'm gonna do is I'm Gonna Keep My carb count low throughout the day and then in the evenings just have a real sensible meal with all the with everything you know I want to have a steak and potato and you know one thing that I do miss I miss beans um you know I know for some people it makes you feel bloated or gassy or something like that and for whatever reason it does not with me and and I love beans and I feel like they're so nutritious and I feel like I've just been really missing out because I ate so many things um with beans before but um and I'm still going to try to include um healthy fats you know prior to this diet I I try to eliminate as many fats as I could even the healthy ones um so if I was gonna make um some eggs scrambled eggs I would use you know four egg whites and then one egg yolk I'm I'm I don't want to be afraid of healthy fats anymore and it's not like I was afraid of them but I would definitely try to consume just in my mind what was enough you know so I would throw in that one yolk or something like that or I would have avocado like I ate avocado with a lot of stuff and I still will um but I you know I was eating so many nuts it was just crazy like I was I kept them in my car I kept them by my bedside anytime I needed a snack or wanted to eat something I would eat nuts and nuts are so high in fat and the fact that I couldn't even gain a pound messes with my mind like I was eating so much fat and so much cheese I cannot believe how much cheese I have been eating and and then somehow I still couldn't put on anyway but I do I miss milk like I miss just having some two percent milk I miss having the protein shakes that I prefer the taste of but that have just a little bit more carbs you know what I mean I don't want to have to count I don't do not want to have to count the carbs um so although I'm not gonna go completely back to eating the way that I did before I'm going to be a little bit more selective with what I put in my mouth and make sure that it's you know good for my body and stuff like that but um but I'm just I just don't want to be as restrictive and and I'm hoping to put on like at least three or four pounds in the next week um because I want to see my hips return and I want to see my rear return and I want to see some you know some fat in my face here or chest or whatever um and so so that's what I'm going to be experimenting with in the next few days I haven't even started yet I just decided make this video to just kind of make a declaration that I am getting off this diet so you guys know and I'm gonna start making some more videos like I missed some of the meals that I used to eat um and I had so many great ideas for you about just um you know meals that I would prepare that were a little bit more lower in fat or maybe you could eliminate certain ingredients so that it would still taste the same but um but be you know a little bit more healthy for you that's what I want to go back to eating like so anyway um that is all I have for you I hope you guys enjoyed this video I hope you're having a fantastic weekend and hopefully I will see you back here next week okay so this is where I am right now and um I feel like I look Trail you know I don't feel like I look healthy um like where's my hips you know I used to have really rounded hips and I don't have rounded hips anymore I feel like they just kind of go straight down um I have such a gap here between my legs like I'm 49 years old I shouldn't have that much of a gap I would have to lean that far and I still have a gap down there even when I'm leaning forward like that um that's not normal and it's not it doesn't look healthy to me it doesn't look um feminine it doesn't look sexy it doesn't look womanly um I remember there was a time on my channel where I had said something like that I was an hourglass figure and boy my comment section like blew up no you're not you're pear-shaped and I'm like pear-shaped is beautiful like I want to be a pear-shaped now I want hips I feel like hips are just especially I don't know like I think that they're so feminine and so I want my hips back I want my rear back I feel like I've lost so much in my rear also and um I just want I just want to look healthy again and so anyway um that's the goal so I'm gonna start tonight I'm gonna start I'm gonna definitely still eat sensible but I'm definitely gonna add carbs back into my diet and I really want to to put on a little bit of white you know I have my 16 year old daughter she and I are the exact same weight and I'm an inch and a half taller than she is um and that's not normal and that doesn't look right my mom's even mentioned it before the last time she was here she's like Jenny you shouldn't be the same size as you know Aubrey I wasn't trying to be the same size as her but um she was that was her way of just saying like it doesn't look good you know I know you know everybody thinks that being thin is the goal and it's just not you know um yeah of course I want to be thin I definitely want to be thin I just don't want to be this thin I don't feel like I feel like I went past the point of looking and I want to look good again and I want to be able to have more cheat nights so lots of limited to do

  Top Comments:
  1. @herewego1115 [2 likes]: I do lower carb and more whole foods. I try to eat healthy, and i workout say 3 days a week. Nothing big, just muscle toning, and i am happy with this. I eat healthy for the most part and get exercise.  I try to keep a balance, and so far, that works. I do eat more protein and fewer carbs. Im turning 60 today and want to stay healthy.
  2. @lke4907 [1 likes]: So I watched this video when you first posted it a couple of years ago - and I had tried keto and carnivore on and off for the past two years... and today I was searching for videos of people who have quit keto/carnivore.. and I had the exact same experiences as you. The dehydration is very dangerous. I had the same exact scare.. I didn't know I was dehydrated the first time or the second time.. it took me three times, maybe even four times of becoming dehydrated to catch on! The reason why I didn't believe I was dehydrated was because I was drinking one of those "LMNT" packets in my water every day (yuck!) and then salting my food on top of that... but that was not enough!! I needed to be drinking like 2-3 of those packets every day, and I thought it was torture!! I said "how is this natural and healthy to be chugging salt water all day every day just to feel normal??" It disgusted me. And I honestly got sick of eating fat all the time. There were a couple of times I remember getting nauseous because of all the fat I was eating. I also got sick of eating so much meat. I missed fruit and would literally DREAM about eating mangos and apples!! Lol!! I'm back to my normal diet.. I just cut out the pastries ;)
  3. @edrock4605 [1 likes]: I got very thin on keto. It also irritated my bladder. I couldn't hold wster without carbs.
  4. @GodsAmazing2090 [1 likes]: Sis, I get ya! I feel the same way when I gain too much weight. You did the right  thing because you're doing what's best for you. ❤
  5. @shaneshrimp6519 [1 likes]: I did keto for a year and been off for 16 months and I still havent got back to normal completely. It made me insulin resisitant and I never had blood sugar issues prior. It does mess with your head with all the rules and numbers you keep track of . You like how you look ( I did ) but yet I felt like crap inside . You do have the freedom to have more foods and even the cheat meals without feeling you messed up everything . I wish I never did it and just improved on whole foods diet Im doing now.
  6. @cherylwilliams2347: OMG, totally going through this now!! On keto and have Ugly thigh muscles with cellulite, etc... thank you !
  7. @MicheleM2029: I have been dabling in the keto thing but dont think its great. I need to keep my macros at 1200 to 1500. Do low cal low carb low fat like you basically do and feel like that works best because you don't have to deprive yourself as much also have a cocktail or 2 once a month when I go out. I hate to say it but I wish keto helped me lose my 9 pounds quick but it hasn't done that have to do it the old way low cal low fat low carb. Not Keto
  8. @marieschmidt9416: I like how you keep roughly the same weight throughout life.
  9. @Dan0rioN: Holy shmokes ❤
You're in your 50s!? 😮 
Damn woman you are definitely doing something right 😅
  10. @Karmin19991: I got bad migraines- definitely more salt and electrolytes
  11. @SweetLikeSugarJL: Where did you get thus shirt?! It looks beautiful on you!
  12. @nikolinarusev4279: You sharing your diets and mindset is very inspiring and helpful. Can you please share what kind of foods your children are having while you and your hisband were keto/ carnivore. to me this is very tricky cos kids love their snacks ect
  13. @luluv52: I guess my question is…why did you wait a year before deciding to stop keto?  From what I understand it doesn’t take long to notice changes.  Just curious and yes, every one is  different as far as what they can tolerate food wise.  Thanks for sharing.
  14. @louiserealandhonest: I also felt keto made me more cellulite-y!
  15. @dealwolfstriked272: WHY? Your sexy just as you are! learn to love yourself a bit before you feel the need to get chunky.
  16. @itsmeGeorgina: I quit keto after 14 months for the same reason, I dropped weight from an already slim frame, and I got obsessed with food, limits, grams... a very unhealthy place to be in the long run
  17. @YogaBlissDance: A male middle aged guy told me ALSO ON KETO he couldn't keep weight on...I was impressed but...yeh long term no.
  18. @adelamanojlovic3761: It's called TOFU.  Thin outside fat inside.  It's not the number on the  scale , it's ur .muscle size that determines how healthy u are going to be as u age.
  19. @melissaculpepper7663: Hormones contribute to cellulite, too.
  20. @robleeuknhl3345: I lost over 60lbs on keto I dip in  now and then and I love how I feel when doing it....but it will never be my way of life ...I applaud your honesty on how it changes you

- Not Losing on Keto: See 9 Reasons Why: Kind: captions Language: en are you doing keto in in a minute fasting perfectly yet you're not losing any weight I have a lot of videos on Plateau so what I did is I combined all of them into one video to make it really really simple let's first cover some basics first thing is what is normal okay when someone does keto an if' they usually lose a lot of water weight sometimes up to 8 pounds in the first week that means you were carrying a lot of water then the second week they're hardly losing any weight at all maybe two pounds well the maximum fat burning the actual fat you can lose per week with a healthy metabolism is only two pounds okay that's actually really good so if you're losing a half a pound or a pound don't take a loss on that that's actually quite good especially as you get older or postmenopausal that's probably going to be the most you're gonna actually lose because the metabolism is slow down so just consider what normal is second point it's good healthy to lose weight not lose weight to get healthy health comes first weight loss second and let me define health energy improvement no more cravings hunger is gone feel vibrant so if you're focused on losing weight before that not a good strategy our body will release some of this fat once we get healthy so when you start the program and you notice that you're not losing weight yet your hunger is gone realize it's working just give it more time because the body has to get healthy and there's all sorts of things happening at the cellular level building proteins and fixing repair actions and things like that okay next point muscle weighs more than fat per volume so if you have atrophy loss of muscle protein which actually looks like that and you start this program your body is going to repair that first so you you may start building more muscle and that's gonna be a little heavier than the actual fat per volume so you may notice you're shrinking especially on your waist and that means that it's working just give it more time but not necessarily weight loss because your body is focusing more on the the the protein building you may be losing some fat but the protein is going up okay nine things okay in the order of importance so let's say you're not losing weight what do you do step one double check your carbohydrates a lot of times there's hidden carbs you're consuming maybe a fruit here and there some wild rice some bread on the side because you're not exactly doing it perfect or it could be some wine or it could be a so-called keto friendly bar or some type of dessert and then when you read the ingredients it is filled with sugar okay okay so number two you're fasting pattern this is very very very important and sometimes if you had a slow metabolism you need to fast longer so the key is start where you're at do three meals no snacks then don't eat if you're not hungry ride the wave and so you skip your breakfast and then your first meal a day maybe is that lunch and then the second is that dinner and then you take those two times and you start squishing them together okay so now you're at a four hour window and then you now you fast for 20 hours okay and then let's say you're still not losing weight and then you basically eventually go to one meal a day most people will lose a good amount of weight with that unless they have a history of a lot of dieting or they're going through menopause or they had diabetes or have diabetes and or they have a lot of weight to loose or they have a fatty liver so the body has to kind of take the fat off the liver first before it starts going after your belly so they might not see something right away but this is what they need to do they might need to have one meal a day every other day okay that will handle even the most severe case some people what they do is they do in a minute fasting to do one meal a day and then every week they go for 48 hours so there's a lot of different things you can try but you need to increase your fasting okay number three bloating you're eating all these vegetables you're not used to them and you're just bloated and you're retaining water you seem to cut the vegetables out right now because you probably have something called SIBO small intestinal bacterial overgrowth and that's just causing your gut to be filled with fiber and you're getting constipation you have fluid retention that happens on occasion so cut down the amount of vegetables that you consume maybe some steamed or cooked vegetables or just have like some leafy green salad but not that much this can inhibit your weight loss therefore start cutting down your fat now fat is good in the beginning but when you start becoming adapted we want to burn our own body's fat not the dietary fat as much so you might want to cut down your fat to about 75 grams it's just a matter of not adding any fat to the meal just eat the fat that's normally with the protein to keep it simple so this will help number 5 add exercise in there especially if you could do it when you're fasting so if you're between 40 and 50 or getting your 60s you want to work out probably twice a week and you spread it out just make sure the workouts are intense or long enough to really cause your whole body to be exhausted or you're like so you're sweating because we want to do a very thorough workout but we have to make sure we don't over train so it's a judgment call I'm gonna put a lot of videos down below for each point so you can get more data on that number 6 add another 30 minutes of sleep maybe even one hour believe it or not you trigger growth hormone which is the main fat burning hormone when you're sleeping and sleeping could greatly improve your metabolism add another 30 minutes you might even need to take a nap or just go to bed a little bit early this is actually quite big by the way and you also the need for less snacking too when you have fully slept number seven this is when you can add the outside of vinegar you know dilute it drink it through the day with water more potassium through electrolyte powder or more vegetables b1 through nutritional yeast magnesium leafy greens or electrolyte powder and/or vitamin D these are all things that will improve the situation with insulin it will help lower insulin by improving insulin resistance so if we reduce insulin you'll lose more weight but I don't recommend this unless the carbs are low and you're fasting okay because if you're adding nutrients on top of carbohydrates on top of frequent eating it just doesn't work number eight reduce your stress everyone goes to stress but there's usually one or two sources of this dress and it could be certain personalities that you're involved with do whatever you can to improve that situation because I will say a lot of people lose weight when they reduce stress and when they go on vacation because they're separating themselves from the stress and their body just does very very well this is very important by the way okay just I'm emphasizing it for importance okay and lastly number nine fix a health problem that you may have that is not associated with weight loss so in other words take the weak link of the body and correct it so let's say you have a thyroid issue or some gut issue or inflammatory pain situation or any anything focus on that to eliminate that to speed up your all metabolism all right and lastly check out these additional videos on plateauing on this page right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @shirleynelson5996 [4 likes]: I needed this I only lost 5lbs in 10day I am getting so discouraged, but I’m not going to give up. I’m going to put my scale away cause it is so tempted to jump on it every day and when you don’t lose you really get depressed so that’s one thing I’m going to do here I go.
  2. @guestaa9472 [2 likes]: I heven't lost any thing, even not the first weeks
  3. @Drberg [1 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  4. @Delo9762 [1 likes]: Im not losing pounds or inches.  Im doing keto,  intermittent fasting,  and 10k steps per day for a whole month now.   😮😢
  5. @dianarhyne [1 likes]: I need to lose 40lbs, which just won't budge. There's 185 lbs of stress, I need to do something about, though, if you catch my drift.
  6. @jaypeeDesembrana: Yeah i get the ideal weight but i don't feel good. I'm more anxious and tired, i feel much more physical symptoms than when i'm in the normal diet. I develop food intolerances which i didn't have before. I'd stick to keto/low carb, carnivore for almost 2 years, if it's transitional period i think i should be better by this time. I think this diet is not for me
  7. @Roadsidecactusflowers: ❤
  8. @foxontheedge: Doesn’t anyone worry about not eating enough calories?  Like undereating?  Recommendations?
  9. @CamilaVega-Seres: I’m not shrinking or losing weight so discouraged 😢 been staying way less than 50g of net carbs
  10. @PlumHorizon: I don't understand why I still need 4 meals a day, been doing keto for months and my carbs are in check... I'm unable to go from lunch to dinner without eating, I mean I could but the hunger is so distracting I cannot work anymore !
  11. @francus7227: Simple math....
23 pounds lost in 5 weeks. 10 lbs of water = 13 lbs of fat.... over 5 weeks = 2.6 lbs per week. I've increased exercise, Omad 1 day, 2mad 3 days, occasional 24-30 fast....
5% carbs. 
I'm happy with results. I'm disappointed to hear I should expect 2 lbs a week. I was hoping for 23 more in the next 5 weeks. Now? I'm hoping for 10 more in 5 weeks. 
I was 255.... Now at 232-30-ish. I have 50 more to go. I don't want to wait 5 months. But..... I guess I'll have to wait.
  12. @ChengLinee: I'm stressed thinking about thinking about being stressed.
  13. @joyceskubas2397: I’m doing it exactly correctly and have been losing 1/2 lb per week. I am not a smoker and never have been but I was recently diagnosed with emphysema/COPD and so I went on keto for my lungs. It’s helping gradually. My lungs don’t hurt anymore and I hardly cough anymore, even though I still don’t have great oxygen intake. This is helpful to know that my body is being healed on a cellular level and once it gets more healthy than I’ll begin losing the weight. My husband and I were already off of sugar, so the transition has been pretty easy for me.
  14. @jamieputnam8765: I needed to see this. I've been doing keto for a week and lost one pound. But I am seeing a lot of improvement in my late night cravings and I have been sleeping better.
  15. @AneesahPerween: I dont wanna lose weight i just wanna shift to ketosis for skin and brain health
  16. @lizh1536: Dr. Berg, thank you so much. I started following your advice and i have literally transformed my life, i am 26 and i thought i was dying like i was so sick but it turns out i just had insulin resistance and i am average weight. I kept getting sick my body had no immune system, and many more issues. Now i dont get colds, my psoriasis cleared up entirely (miraculous), lost weight and feel amazing, vision improved, swollen lymph nodes went away, SIBO and GERD and Gastroparesis went away,
  17. @fatalpyromaniac: I started healthy keto with IF. First week I lost 10lbs. Second week I lost 1 lb. I was discouraged so came back to Dr Berg. This help realize, it is working because, I am not hungry, I don’t crave anything, and have more energy. Be patient and trust the process.
  18. @tammymullins1151: 7 pounds in 2 weeks for me. I’m post menopausal and doing weight training. My body is looking different but I’m wondering how much is just water loss???
  19. @arielwilliams8081: I’ve been keto for a month. I am almost 4 months postpartum with baby number five. Wait it has come off easier in the past after my baby, but not with this one at all I’m not even fully nursing him. I only really pump once during the day and nurse him at night because he has bad latch issues. I still have a pretty round tummy and it really bothers me. What can I do to help?
  20. @rechaelandrea: I've been doing keto for 6 years and initially went down 65 pounds the first few months without tracking. Now I've found that I need to adjust my fat intake to keep down to 135. Switched from heavy cream to Nut Pods unsweetened creamer in my coffee. Added more leafy greens. I also had to remove medications. My sleep aid was causing weight gain (Doxepin).  My low dose antibiotic for my skin was causing gut issues. I've also started doing yoga. I don't have my first meal until early afternoon. I do track my macros and limit calories from time to time using MyFitnessPal to make sure I'm staying balanced and to boost weight loss.

- WHY I QUIT THE KETO DIET AND WHAT HAPPENED TO MY WEIGHT | BANDY KIKI: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys welcome back to my youtube channel my name is bandy kiki you're an apologetic african lesbian and entrepreneur if you're watching me for the first time please do consider subscribing to my channel as i post content every wednesday on entrepreneurship lgbt and lifestyle and to my old subscribers thank you very much for subscribing do i do apologize if i don't sound a hundred percent i have a short road so i'm only doing this because i love you guys so much and i don't want to disappoint you guys um or into the fact that this is a new channel as well so um by the title of the video you already know what i'm going to be talking about but before i go into um why i decided to quit the ketogenic diet i just want to say that i am not a medical doctor i am not a dietitian and uh please do consult a professional before you attempt anything mentioned in this particular video so um now we're going to be talking about three uh things key things in this video um one of them is going to be why i decided to quit the keto diet abruptly and the second one is going to be what happened to my weight after creating the keto diet and thirdly um what i'm currently doing to uh lose weight now that i've i'm no longer doing the ketogenic diet so uh before i i go on to even say anything um if you're new to the channel please if you haven't watched my video on my weight loss journey i did share quite a lot there and i did mention the fact that i'd lost an impressive 10 kg in a month by combining the ketogenic diet as well as the um as well as intermittent fasting and rope jumping so i'm going to link the video above so do check that out please and i'm going to be making a lot of references from this particular video to that video so it's important to watch that video as well so if you see me looking down i'm just looking down because i prepared some notes for this particular video i don't want you guys to miss out on anything so yeah um and just again my throat oh my goodness it's just it's on fire so yeah so why did i decide to quit the ketogenic diet um i have to be honest with you guys um when i got on the keto diet my plan wasn't to do it long term my plan was to do it short term maybe like for three for three or five months so so as to kickstart my weight loss journey or my healthy lifestyle journey you understand so it wasn't a long-term plan but i had to stop abruptly you know because i didn't even go up to it just did for a month it wasn't up to three months you know like initially planned so um why did i decide to create a keto diet i said i could quit the keto diet because um my hair was thinning out i was losing hair i mean i always experienced a hair breakage anyways but um something about being on keto just increased it and i that was the only thing that i did differently so i linked the hair thinning out and the breakage to the ketogenic diet and um i suffered a lot from indigestion please if i do sound like i'm brushing this because i'm just trying to do this so i can rest my truth you know i suffered a lot from indigestion and i linked it to the keto diet because i don't think my body is used to digesting fats fat sorry so yeah so um one of the things i just linked it to the keto diet and it made me feel quite very uncomfortable the other stuff that i that happened that i had to quit the kid to die was the fact that i wasn't sleeping at night yeah i was suffering from insomnia i think that's a word i don't know how to pronounce it for some reason i don't know how to pronounce that word it gives me a lot of headache you know so i don't remember at any point having a full night's sleep by on the and like i mentioned in the other video i had done the keto diet before and i experienced the same thing while on the keto diet at that time so um it was it was it was a bit of a mess to be honest with you i remember getting up in the morning every day feeling tired feeling of fatigue headaches you know just generally not wanting to do the work that i had to do that day you know so yeah and one of the things that i also experienced i think is a link that i could link it to not being able to sleep at night was the fact that my hormones were everywhere oh my goodness there are people that i said things that i'm not supposed to say to people that did things they're not supposed to do to just because of us experiencing that you know so um um if you do feel like offended you i was indicator diet i apologize you know your girl was going through it so yeah so i do think the consequence of not being able to sleep at night or maybe it's just a low carb uh you know diet uh being a low carb diet and and playing out on my hormones so yeah i did experience that as well and i also experienced something that a lot of people um have experienced while the kids died i do i did experience constipation uh which a lot of people have confessed that it's a side effect for them as as far as the keto diet is concerned and now if you do hear me doing this too much it's because i'm trying not to swallow a lot my mouth is a bit watery i'm trying to swallow a lot because of my uh throat and one of the key things now that made me create the key to die was the fact that i experienced the keto rash now um like i did mention before in the other video i experienced the keto rash on week three i woke up one morning and i was just there and for some reason i didn't link you to the keto diet i just um there was just a nasty rash on my chest i didn't know where it came from it started from about out here down to uh my neville and all that and to be honest it wasn't itchy it wasn't painful it was just there but then again i realized that when i went out and started working out and sweating um the rash would start itching and when i scratched it left bombs it was painful and it was just a bit just nasty so i tried some stuff on it while on the keto diet and it didn't work out then i just i just said i just told myself that kiki you have to quit this diet and look for a solution for this rash because i do like to show my cleavage every now and then and i wasn't about to let the keto diet leave some scars on me that uh would last for the rest of my life you know so i just decided to stop the kids diet and yeah and one of the things as well that i decided to predicate a diet i mean i love my food i'm a food i did mention that in the introductory video if you can check my channel you'll be able to see that um i love my food i love african food i love european food i love all types of food to be honest i do experience experiment a lot when it comes to food and while the kids are dead i couldn't eat the things that i wanted to eat i mean i do have stressful days every now and some of the things that i like to do to distress is to cook something really good which something good to me means it has a lot of carbs in it because i'm not i'm a cat person you know i'm not a protein person or fat i'm a cat person so yeah so um i couldn't do that while on the keto diet and worst of all i love my white wine i like to relax every now and then after a long day with a glass of white wine or with a bottle of white wine which i couldn't do on the keto diet so it really messed me up so um that's all about why i decided to create the keto diet now what happened to my weight loss after i quit the keto diet so um when i started the keto diet i was 83 kg and when i stopped i was a 73 kg that means i lost an impressive 10 kg in just a month you know so when i stopped the keto diet after about two weeks i gained um three kg back and after doing what i do now you know in terms of losing weight i lost uh one kg bag so it's not for me it's not been that bad and i don't know why i gained the weight back because i said i eat i don't know if it's down to the fact that i started eating carbs or it's down to the fact that water weight or whatever to be honest i'm not a dietitian i don't know the the chemistry you know or the biology around that so yeah so folks forgive me so um again if i'm looking down and just looking down at my notes so um in terms of what i do now to um to um in terms of what i do now to uh sort of like um lose weight so if you follow me on instagram please do follow me on instagram because my instagram handle is just on the screen at the moment um you you know that i do uh rope jumping um which i did um while on twitter as well so i do that very often or every day to be honest with you so i do around a thousand in the morning and then a thousand in the evening or sometimes i just do two thousand at a goal it depends on how i feel to be honest and sometimes i don't do anything because i just rest my legs and every other thing that hurts and i also found um i also found like a 10 minutes heat workout on youtube and i've been doing it as well sometimes not date not daily but you know just when i feel like it and to be honest with you i also maintain the intermittent fasting as well so i eat my first meal after 12 p.m and my last meal uh before us 8 p.m now i'm going to tell you guys the days i've eaten earlier than 12 p.m and the days i've eaten after 8 p.m it doesn't mean that i'm going to stop my diet just because i [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up once no oh my goodness i'm cursing on this channel sorry it doesn't mean that i'm going to quit my diet just because i messed up once what happens is i just you know go back to it again and just start doing what i was doing you know one bad day doesn't necessarily mean that is there is the end of your of your journey to be honest so i'm just saying this is to to to uh just to speak to somebody or to connect with somebody who struggles to or who thinks that oh i've messed up ones maybe that's the end of my diet blah blah blah no it's not the end of your diet just go back to what you were doing you know and keep pushing keep doing what you're supposed to do and you know you'll see some results and um and i also um apart from that again as well i also do do my diy detox teas detox drinks and detox smoothies and all that which i'll be sharing some of the recipes with you guys um next month uh you know as time progresses i'll be sharing some recipes with you guys so i do believe a lot in them and they do help metabolism a lot as well so um it's something that i would like to share with you guys to be honest i'm really excited about it and um and that's just basically all now i'm not telling you guys this to say that the ketogenic diet is not a good diet and shouldn't do it of course it's a good diet i lost an impressive 10 kg in just a month i'm only saying this to say that the keto diet is not for everybody so um if you want to lose weight do your research around the diets that is suitable for you suitable for your health suitable for your routines and then you can go on to do your diet we don't have to do the keto diet if it's not for you it's not for you so um that's just basically it to be honest and if you've experienced any of these symptoms while on the case of diet or you've experienced any other symptoms well on another diet please do comment uh and share let us know what you've been going through maybe positive things about another diet that might want to try as well you know i'm open to trying other diets you know would i do the kids to diet again yes but probably not as long as for as long as i did you know a month probably do it for about a week or two weeks you know but not as long again because i'm afraid of that rash i'm telling you it was was horrible but yeah and that's just basically all and um to all of you watching i'm really happy and thank you very much for watching and until next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @NoraGsNook [3 likes]: Good feedback! Nonetheless, I always say keto just like every other way of eating is not for everyone and we each find what works for us and stick to it. I do keto on and off but not perpetually because I still want to enjoy other food groups. While on keto, I find it very effective and quite easy to follow but like you mentioned, keto rash is my nemesis on keto lol. I guess the LCHF way of eating doesn’t favour your system with the indigestion problem. My hormones seem to be at its best while I am on keto 🤷🏾‍♀️. Also, I feel a lot of people jump into keto and IF without properly researching so they end up mixing stuff up etc. Doing due diligence will safe a lot of trouble. When I am not on keto, I still practice OMAD and IF - that’s my WOE and I love it very much! ☺️. Thanks for sharing your experience hun ❤️ P.S: Loving your jump rope progress!! 👊🏾👊🏾
  2. @CarineFavour [2 likes]: I watch u always just because I like the way you talk🙈😊😘
  3. @Milla.Clipps [2 likes]: I have my skipping ropes here but I can't even jump up to 10x and not as fast as you 🤷🏾‍♂️ but I'll keep trying tho.

My system barely digests carbs, sometimes I end up vomiting to ease my tummy.  I could literally eat once a day or take fruits/veggies mostly. Just been wondering what's making me add weight sha. 🤷🏾‍♂️ (87kg) hardly falls below or above that. I do morning workouts too (20mins)... And bodi go dey pepper pesin 😩
  4. @thandekancube3212 [1 likes]: Consider adding music and relax a bit.
  5. @teghennelson1208 [1 likes]: Kiki do you consider playing some music at low tune? And also adding some animations?
  6. @amakacreed [1 likes]: Wow that is great 😍 wow great work this your video has help me so much
  7. @nalesukerry9800 [1 likes]: Great job 👌👌❤️
  8. @sakwecharlotte7054 [1 likes]: So explicit. Truth many can't share. Thank you Kiki for ur honesty. 
Pls next time omit that "fxxked up" word oh. We can't stand You Tube taking down this our page that we've worked so hard to build hahahaha
  9. @mbahokwen6492 [1 likes]: First off Kiki you are beautiful & you speak through softly & clearly - this is in contrast to some of your blistering posts 😈. That said, the keto, intermittent, & exercise apps are shoving dangerous recommendations down throats of pipo. It is important people are aware of risks that these apps don’t say or say it in coded ways. I see young people who come to clinic with similar complaints - peptic ulcers, anxiety, insomnia etc without knowing that these recommendations from apps are causing them harm.
  10. @VianasBeauty [1 likes]: Keto is an embodiment of complications. Indigestion is very common with keto. I have always had bowels problems and keto made it worse.
  11. @VianasBeauty [1 likes]: My own reasons are lol. Great content
  12. @sheilamartinez5206 [1 likes]: First comment and first like Kiki abeg send my gift🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️
  13. @fatimatalabi9067: Ms Bandy thanks for this video. How did you clear the keto rash?
  14. @ebanealicemukete4967: Thanks kiki will try the keto diet i need it in my system b4 fat call my name 🏋️‍♀️🏋️‍♀️🏋️‍♀️🏋️‍♀️

- WHY I, JANELLE ROHNER, QUIT THE KETO DIET: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome back to my channel i am spilling the tea today and it's gonna be a lot and deep and um hard for me so bear with me let's get into it why i quit keto so as you know a few months back or a few weeks back or whatever it was i transitioned from keto to low carb um but i really think that um i want to share the story of why why that happened um and i want to be you know really honest about my feelings so uh let's just get into it so let me just start by saying i'm not okay the hate the negative comments have gotten to me and i'll be honest i'm not okay yeah i i i'm just not okay i started this you know tick tock account a year and a half ago just to share my journey i'm just a normal mom a normal person i was on a postpartum journey i just wanted to hold myself accountable i didn't know it would turn into 4.7 million people following me and watching my every move and criticizing every step i made along the way you know the cycle of trying to be perfect and to lose the weight because i was in being under this microscope and being watched and oh her arms look fat her this looks fat her face is chubby oh my gosh she's getting a way to get oh keto it's not working it's yoga all of that obsessive ness and those thoughts have gotten really toxic for me and yes keto was the right answer for me for a long time i enjoyed it it was fun i was having fun with food i felt great i was losing weight i was happy honestly the hate and negativity um really pushed me to a place that i didn't like it just really did it really pushed me to a place that was very toxic for me um i felt like i couldn't do anything right you know people were bad i wasn't eating bread then i ate bread and they were like she's a quitter she's yo-yo dieter it was like i i just i just felt like i couldn't do anything right i i just i always said i would do keto as long as it was fun and sustainable and felt good and worked for me and the hate and negativity has really pushed me to a place where it's not good for me anymore coming to that realization um i have chosen to work with a nutritionist i am working on balance i'm working on my health working on my mental health um but i really gotta say if if you feel like leaving um a negative comment on this video please refrain i am not in any space to handle it at the moment um and i am forever grateful for the opportunity that like tick tock and this and this community and and that i have i don't want to dismiss that and i do see a lot of the of the amazing comments and the encouraging comments and i do do value all of those people i do um i'm just being honest that the hate and negativity it's just really pushed me to a toxic place and i'm gonna work on my mental health and balance i want my page to be a safe space where i can share the ups and downs of my life um i'm not perfect i'm not a dietitian and i'm not a nutritionist i'm just someone out here trying to be the best version of myself with the tools that i know how and i'm learning just like we all are and i want you all to come on that journey with me so here i am at the mercy of the nutritionist i am following what she says and i'm feeling really great i feel better than i have in a really long time i'm eating more food than i have in a really long time i i don't want to be put in a box of low carb keto calorie counting macro accounting i'm just me i'm just me out here trying to do the best that i can and have be the best version of myself um for me for my daughters for anyone who's here on my page i just want to be open and honest and that's really where i am today i don't want to be labeled anything other than me and i truly have a passion for creating recipes and having fun with food just this is the next journey for me the journey to balance health wellness and balance

  Top Comments:
  1. @JanelleRohnerLifestyle [621 likes]: I can explain this further into another video when I’m ready but the hate was causing me to be in not a great state of mind so I would do keto & then binge so it didn’t work no matter what diet I was on. My mind was not healthy. I’m working with a nutritionist and working on my mental health so I’m hoping to live a more balanced lifestyle. People say to ignore the haters and I could but you get to a point where it is TRULY UNBEARABLE! Again and always, thank you to those who have supported me on my journey and continue to do so. I love you guys more than anything!
  2. @JustWhy213 [3 likes]: This in noway hate or negative, I'm asking out of pure curiosity.
Why post your or anyone personal life on the world wide web, open up yourself to strangers, and not expect any negativity. 
I have seen YouTubers and TikTok'rs have complete breakdowns over negative comments. 
I just can't wrap my mind around why anyone would open themselves up for the world and not expect any level of criticism. 
And then feel obligated to have to explain themselves to a world full of strangers.
I'm honestly perplexed with today's society. The internet is a very cruel place to put your life on. I wish it was full of positive & encouraging comments and praises but it's full of TROLLS. Very sad.
  3. @angelacastle6355 [1 likes]: Yea, because you are on Glp1... liar
  4. @thehopelessprospector [1 likes]: Just turn  comments off , ?
  5. @ChantessaYoung [1 likes]: WAH, freaking Wah
  6. @Ghost-g3i: I do OMAD, now. Keto was just way too restrictive for me. I eat whatever I want now, and don't stress anymore.
  7. @cameliak9045: Love this, on the exact same boat right now. But I still enjoy and love being on Keto. I AM a yoyo dieter. But trying not to be anymore. I'm determined to stay on Keto/Low carb and taking inspo from you. Dropping some love here ❌️⭕️
  8. @megamla1799: I think someone is stealing your content, I was just watching the sour candy testing and looked further into the video description to find you, and it had a Tilland website I deleted my comment and tried to find the real you
  9. @EggyRose3078: I just came across this 3 years late. I used to follow you on Tick Tock.... I'm sorry there are so many vile people who harassed you and criticized you! I used to love your recipes!! 😢
  10. @ginaluker1749: Need to disable the comments when you post stuff
  11. @tiffanykoma4120: What does keto and the negativity have to do with each other?  Just do you!  You look great!
  12. @lindalapointe911: ❤ love your recipes...people are cruel and to me their just jealous...you got this and your awesome❤❤❤
  13. @cindybonilla0111: I'm soooo sorry you had to go through this. This world can be a very Ugly place with lots of hatred. I love you SOOOOO much. I started Keto because of you n I'm seeing results. Please continue to create content n block the Haters! ❤🙏😘
  14. @armstrongfamily2598: I have always loved watching you and learning from you, whatever lifestyle you choose! I appreciate all you share and I’m sorry you’ve been going through this! I’m constantly struggling trying to figure out how to lose weight😢 I hope you can still share what you are doing without being attacked by hateful people 😢
  15. @donnilee3162: Janelle, you are absolutely gorgeous! I've enjoyed your videos
  16. @janicedow7245: Good for you!! I'm following you and you are so inspiring! Losing weight is hard and look at you! ❤ Haters don't matter!
  17. @TheMenopausalManiac: I had to move from Keto to carnivore- I am leptin, insulin resistant- I wish I could eat normal but medically I cannot. I also found out I have lipedema in my legs (yay €15k surgery to stop the pain) all I can say is you do you, this is your life ❤
  18. @fredmetzger4912: I am so sorry that people out there are so rude I am proud of you  you are a great worthy young woman do not let these people bring you down God Bless you stay strong
  19. @RachelArcos: So proud of you, stay strong. You inspire me to be better, love your ideas.
  20. @darlenetutty3226: It's so sad that people are so cruel I love you your recipes and food ideas are next level these people you should block them  you are an amazing important inspiration to all we love you 😍 and so glad I came across your videos your stronger that them that's why they try to destroy everything that's good we love you be stronger than a shit show you deserve better ❤️ love you always ❤️ 😊

- Overcoming Keto Plateau After 6-8 Weeks – Dr.Berg: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys today we're gonna talk about key tell Platt tell okay you get on the ketogenic plan and you lose all this weight initially maybe like the first month for six weeks but then things start slowing down what's happening this is very frustrating it may cause you to want to quit or stop but you may not because of all the other benefits you might be looking better feeling better in your clothes and you might have no cravings no hunger and have more energy okay but let's just talk about plateau in general you know about The Biggest Loser right these people workout basically eight hours a day they reduce the calories they eventually lose the weight do they gain the way back yes pretty much all of them gain the way back why because of this one simple fact losing weight is not a normal thing for the body it's anti is survival I mean just think about what fat is fat is stored energy in fact your body doesn't even care what you look like it just wants to store the energy and hold it you know this is true because it's much easier to gain weight than it is to lose weight alright so now when you go on a diet and I'm talking about a low calorie diet your metabolism will adjust and it will start slowing down it will adapt and you will eventually create what's called a set point which is a weight that it's almost impossible to bust through so let's say for example you're on the program and you get to let's say 180 or 170 and you just can't seem to get below that okay you're just like no matter what you do so what really stops you from busting through that Plateau that set point that weight that your body is very comfortable at is high levels of insulin okay so too much insulin won't counter your ability to burn fat because it prevents fat burning okay and usually what comes along with that is insulin resistance so the combination of insulin resistance which the majority of the population has and excessive insulin they goes both go hand-in-hand is what's behind this set point okay all right the big question is does keto slow your metabolism like other diets and the answer is this not if you're adding intermittent fasting okay now why do I say that and by the way what's the difference between intermittent fasting and a low calorie diet some people will say they're the same thing because you are consuming less calories if you're not eating so frequent right well there's a huge difference and it boils down to this one reference right here in guidance physiology okay on page 930 and we're talking about other factors that stimulate insulin okay it says gastrointestinal hormones there's a hormone called GI P now what does that mean it means that when you eat when you eat frequently you trigger insulin so key tell is low carb and that's gonna lower insulin in a min fasting is less frequent eating less GIP hormone less insulin okay so both these actions keto low-carb intermón fasting less frequent eating will lower insulin and improve this set point this plateau where as low calories doesn't focus on frequency of eating in fact when you're in a low calorie diet you have to eat frequent meals and snacks you're probably doing five to six meals small meals well try this experiment at home go ahead and fast and then go ahead and eat just a little bit of protein let's say two strips of bacon and I've done this before you eat just a little bit of protein I will guarantee within an hour you are gonna be starving okay why because of this you're eating and every time you eat you spike insulin almost regardless of what you eat anything so it'll spike insulin the blood Sugar's will be plummeted and then you will be hungry so with low calorie diets you are constantly hungry okay and you have more insulin production within a minute fasting despite having the same amount of calories okay as a low calorie diet you have less insulin spike because you're not eating so frequently but the cool thing is you're not hungry why because when you lower insulin you finally get to tap in your fat reserve now there's a great analogy is that someone added to one of my comments in the YouTube channel when you're doing the low calorie diet and you're dependent on sugar fuel you're basically living paycheck to paycheck because you're dependent on the sugar okay you're not tapping into the fat you tap into fat you have to lower the insulin when you're doing keto and I F you're tapping into your reserve fuel the fat this is your wise investments that build up a reserve over time that give you interest now with this model you may have a huge reserve in the bank you might have a million dollars in the bank but you're not able to tap into it because insulin is like the lock that holds it there alright so in order to tap into this fat you need to lower insulin and that's gonna help lower your setpoint now the main reason why you get a plateau on keto mainly has to do with your past dieting okay you may remember when the first time you died it worked second time maybe worked third time it didn't work is great for time it's not working that great and then to the point where now it doesn't work at all all that means is you've generated so much insulin in your body and you do so much instant resistance that's what's really behind this problem so when you do keto and you definitely need to add if' to it and that's the secret to speed this up realize that the barrier is the high insulin and you need to actually do a little bit lower carb with the keto and you need to decrease the frequency of eating and get a little bit stricter with your intimate of fasting now a lot of you based on survey are doing a six-hour window of eating in an 18 hour fast okay but you're still doing two meals which is fine but if you plateaued and you want to speed things up okay what you want to do is you want to go down to one meal a day okay it's called Oh mad what that will do that will speed things up because you're gonna really drop insulin down and the other tip you want to do is when you do keto start to lower your carbs even below 20 grams maybe down to even 10 grams or even lower okay and there's one more thing that you want to do that I talked about in other videos and I'll put the link down below it's called prolonged fasting you can do it periodically once a week do once a month so I put a link down below on that video specifically and I also put a link down below of how I would recommend doing in a minute fasting so check it out bust through the plateau through lowering your insulin improving insulin resistance thanks for watching so I want to thank you for being here and watching my videos if you haven't already subscribed go ahead and do so so you can stay informed of future videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheBeautyBlueprint-p2l [11 likes]: This video came at the perfect time, as I've been stuck at a plateau for a few weeks. Time to re-evaluate my macros and consider incorporating OMAD to kickstart things again!
  2. @SomethingInTheGround [5 likes]: I hit a plateau pretty early on during my 3rd time doing keto. My plateau hit after only 4 weeks. I mostly lost the water weight and a few lbs of fat. But im going on a week and a half of the same weight. Im slowly incorporating exercise into my routine, mostly cardio, because i want to lose weight before i gain muscle. The first time i did keto (6 months), i lost 80 lbs and never had an issue with losing weight. The second time i did keto, i did it for a very short period (2 weeks) basically long enough to lose water weight. I ended up getting sick and decided to stop. A year later, basically where i am now, i gained everything back and then some. I started my 3rd keto run at 328 lbs. Im down to 305 lbs. Im trying to do OMAD and drinking protein shakes to hold off my hunger. Ill eat tuna with olive oil mayonnaise for my low carb and calorie meal. Im hoping to hit 200 lbs by the end of the year. Wish me luck.
  3. @zahuruddinsheikh2814 [3 likes]: Weight loss has only one solution, steps per day needs to go above 15k steps per day. You can do whatever diet you want, if you dont walk multiple times a day, you WILL not lose weight after a point.
  4. @WesTheWizard [1 likes]: I've been doing keto for 8 weeks and I have NO energy 😢 why?
  5. @jessicanelson-88 [1 likes]: I'm doing IF 20/4 and keto and I'm stuck so I'll try OMAD so frustrating but since March of this year I have lost 60 pounds, all on my own with no magic pill or shot. I need to start throwing in a 24 and 36 hour fast too.
  6. @Iwantobehuman [1 likes]: I started using ketones because of you, didn’t know it was a thing and it’s the only reason I’m succeeding right now.
  7. @williamdavis9562 [1 likes]: You can also hit a plateau even if you’re on OMAD. 

Science hasn’t really figured out how these “set points work” what we do know is that once you break that barrier it is smooth sailing until the next set point. 

Once you know what your set point is in my opinion there is a sure fire way to break through it. 
 
Get to that weight where you get stuck and bang out a 5 day fast. Your body will have no way to keep you at that set point and you’ll break through it. 

I went from 230 lbs to 160 lbs. But it took a while because I’d keep hitting those set points. 182 slowed me down but at 170 I was stuck there for like 6 months, even with OMAD and at times Omad carnivore. Until I did this
  8. @davidlgomes7120 [1 likes]: I really appreciate this video❤
  9. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  10. @katherinereynolds3659: I’m doing 16:8 and at a plateau. If I go to OMAD then does it need to stay there, or is it temporary?
  11. @STRSTYLER: I'm on a plateau and it's kind of frustrating me. I was doing really well and then it just stopped and i am the EXACT number each day. Im not goubg to crash out with my eating habbits cause i value my health more. I have been a little cheeky with myself but not eating anything non keto, i just ate a piece of cheese or sausage more.not gaining wait, but just tired of nothing moving... i'm still trusting the process obvouisly. I measure my bloodsugar and ketos and my GKI is healthy. Maybe its good to have a small break and ldt the body catch up.
  12. @whoamI-in9jq: I don't ever wanna get off keto, all the pain went away and I feel and look great
  13. @Alog74: After 2 months on Keto with small amount of carbs coming from berries I've lost 24 lbs. I love it. I do have to force myself to do way more exercise but I've found that on Keto my sleep is better, my energy levels are good at work and I don't snack between meals. I can go long periods without food. Let me tell ya adding collagen to coffee has been a game changer for early afternoons. I am happy with this diet cause it shows fast results. I pretty much have 1 meal a day. I don't get hungry at breakfast and I don't eat lunch Supper is at 630 to 740 pm and then nothing after that. It's good. May not work for everyone but it's worked for me.
  14. @Loadem72: Thank you
For the algorithm 😊
  15. @AIlearner-p6k: Down from 93 kgs to 83 kgs in around 3-4 months but stuck at this weight for last 3 weeks and losing motivation. Time to double-down with OMAD, ACV, and better sleep. Thanks Dr Berg.
  16. @aristocraticnietzschean-ma1023: Wow Dr. Eric Berg you are very smart and well-read. I had to quit the Youtube channel of Stephanie Mcperson who is not even a doctor, a physiologist.  She thinks that she has the absolute truth of how to lose weight, she claims that fasting is a bad idea for weight loss.  How wrong she is
  17. @debienervina1801: I have lost 25 pounds and am now at a plateau so I will start OMAD tomorrow to see if that helps. AI told me that I have not been eating enough but I am not hungry! I was only eating cheese and one egg omelette Then a small amount OF NUTS.  Doing 18 hr fast. So I will try eating at 5 pm only. I only have 10 pounds to go.
  18. @eddylo1994: Can you have any carbs at all on keto?
  19. @audreyanderson4575: With OMAD (one meal a day), how many calories should you eat? Just to give me an idea. I am not a big eater, but am used to being on WW's and eating 3 meals a day.
  20. @kingsteve8083: I'm now on week 7 of keto, and did intermittent fasting from about day 4, but still plateaued. I hadn't considered OMAD before. 6 weeks to go until complete and my goal is to lose 10lbs more - which would total of 35lbs lost for a 3-month keto diet. I'll give this a go!

- What The Keto Diet Actually Does To Your Body | The Human Body: Kind: captions Language: en Narrator: Step aside, Atkins, there's a new fat diet in town. The ketogenic diet or keto for short. Celebrities like Halle Berry, Kourtney Kardashian, and Vanessa Hudgens all swear by it. And if losing weight is your goal, keto works. It's proven to help you shed pounds fast. But there's more to this diet than meets the eye. Keto basically replaces carbs with fat. A typical keto diet looks like this. 70% fat, 25% protein, and 5% carbohydrates. It's a drastic change from the diet that the USDA recommends for most Americans, which is less than 30% fat, 20 to 35% protein, and at least 50% carbs. And it's a significant change for your body's metabolism too. Usually, when you eat carbs like a starchy potato, enzymes in your mouth, stomach and small intestines break them down into a form of sugar energy called glucose, which your brain and body use for fuel. So when you first skip out on carbs, the first couple days you might experience some strong sugar cravings. That's because your body is switching gears, from converting carbohydrates to the only energy it has left: fat. Once you're burning fat regularly, you'll see those pounds start to melt away. Depending on your weight, you might lose up to 3.5 pounds within that first week. As you burn more fat, levels of insulin, the fat-storing hormone, will drop significantly. This triggers your kidneys to release large amounts of sodium into the blood which can actually lead to a common side effect known as the keto flu. Many keto dieters report symptoms like nausea, headaches, dizziness, muscle cramps, and low energy levels. But most of these symptoms will only occur within the first couple weeks of starting the diet. After the first month, the scales will look better but some of that lost weight isn't actually fat, it's just water. Because some of the carbs you metabolized include glycogen which retains water and therefore helps keep you hydrated. As a result, you're likely to pee more often which will lower your sodium levels even more leading to dehydration, constipation or diarrhea, and bad breath. Once you're a couple months in, you might hit the notorious keto plateau. It's a common term in the keto community. It refers to when people find it progressively harder to continue to lose more weight. One study, for example, found that overweight people lost an average of 15 pounds in the first month. Another 11 pounds over the next two months, but after that, they saw no change in body weight despite sticking to the keto diet. At this point, many people will just quit keto. That's why researchers often find it's so hard to study the long term effects of the diet. But, as it turns out, there's one group that typically sticks to keto for a really long time. It's unclear why, but keto is proven to reduce the symptoms of epilepsy and studies show that epileptic children who stay on a very restricted keto diet for several years can suffer from kidney stones, high cholesterol, and bone fractures. But a typical keto diet won't be nearly as strict. And if you wanna try keto, you should talk to your doctor first. In the meantime, go ahead and get that bread, and remember, the best diet is a balanced one of fat, protein, and yes, even carbs.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stchrismichael [1 likes]: mine seems to be "hot flashes" and "insomnia"
  2. @JamesCabrera-j4p1j: I just  started after B.T.I. i had to get  brain surgery
  3. @trichinosis333: I did it because high-fat food like peanut butter is the cheapest, densest food you can possibly eat.  Needed lots of all-day energy to do heavy, blue-collar work, so just eat lots of peanut butter every day, plus whatever else I could get.  1 year later I'm still only 140lb.
  4. @ReallySobbing: o-o kidney stones
  5. @Rudi-de6xo: I'm on my 12th day on keto, i lost 4kg
  6. @MichaelGik-n8u: Watch dr berg about this topic these clowns are idiots
  7. @Tiramisu4President: Ive lost 170 lbs so far on keto 😁
  8. @4302AN: So much bad info on keto.
If you get the keto flu, all you need to do is throw light salt in whatever you drink. And it goes away in 5 minutes. Electrolytes are important.
  9. @Lorenacrotti1976: The fist time I did the keto diet, I lost 20lbs in 2 weeks. My starting weight was 175 and went all the way to 155. But after my gallbladder was removed, I’ve been in the keto diet for a month and almost 2 weeks, and only lost 10lbs. I am rarely in ketosis. Anything I eat affects my ketosis. Even if I don’t eat carbs it affects me. It gets really hard to do this diet without a gallbladder. I don’t cheat. I have a breathalyzer to measure my ketosis, and it’s always low. But if I don’t eat anything for almost 24 hours my ketosis is higher. I am working out almost every single day, and you can definitely see a difference in my body. Measuring myself was better than weighting. I use to get upset cause I wasn’t seeing it on the scale, but since I’m working out, I guess my muscles weight more than my fat. I was 174 and now I’m 165 almost 10 lbs less. Let’s see what happens until march 23rd which is my traveling day!! Is hope I see a big difference!!
My biggest issue is fruits. I love fruits and I am not allowed in the keto diet. I do eat some strawberries or raspberries every now and then, but it lowers my ketosis. It’s really hard to not be able to eat fruits since I love them. Mmmm
  10. @singsongukalayli6157: Type 1 diabetic and doing keto. Working amazingly well for me for the past 2 years. Of course I have to watch my hypos, and signs of DKA, but in time have learnt ways to prevent all the risks. Learn learn learn.
  11. @fatpanda1597: Bullshit info.
  12. @harshitjaysansharma9379: i am doing a vegan keto diet 
and lossed 5 kg in around 10 days 
i know around most of it is water weight but still that fat also get lesser 

If i can do a vegan diet ! then so can you rather then murdering animals to eat 
if u still do it then u are hiding behind a fake mask of ease that u created on your own and doing intentional murder to animals
  13. @Seek_Destroy1: When the plateau comes that's when people have to actually work to keep seeing process.
  14. @hermesunwinged8989: Always follow goverment advise in reverse and you will live a long life.
  15. @NihonKirei: I went on Keto and my body came back younger even my face . Mental clarity too and I seldom have stuffed shoulders .. but I stopped because I just can’t live my life without fruits . I felt sad after .. coz I just can’t eat blueberries all the time lol 😂… so I’m in a low carb diet right now and I’m just fine and I fast in the morning .
  16. @lyndon8488: if half your diet is carbs ur fucked
  17. @lyndon8488: i love keto
  18. @aitoolcorner: I did both Keto and Carnivore and notice literally zero benefits 🤷‍ No appetite suppression, no increased mental energy. I think it only works for overweight people.
  19. @RheaBeck: Keto saved my life. Saved my mind and my body. This is not just a fad, and a growing body of medical research emphasizes the benefits of this lifestyle. Im looking forward to more and more research proving the efficacy of this diet.
  20. @d.m.9780: I am no longer cold all the time especially my back. Sleep is much better. Increased fat and reduced carbs slowly, 4 weeks so far to get to 70% fat. I like this diet.

- Doctor Mike Tries KETO for 30 DAYS: Kind: captions Language: en (intense music buildup) - It's keto time! (techno intro music) Keto, Keto, Keto. I challenged you to get my keto video to twenty thousand likes and you surpassed that goal plenty. And I'm actually really excited about this. I'm unfortunately fresh out of a break up so I'm more motivated than ever to change my lifestyle around, be healthier, look better, I wanna take you guys along for that journey. My one month of keto starts now. (intense orchestral music) - Just do it! All right, I'm gonna have my very first keto meal. It's the middle of the day, I didn't have breakfast so I guess you could say I'm intermittent fasting today as well. This is my meal here, beef chili with oaxaca cheese? Oaxaca? And cauliflower rice. To my surprise, the first few days of keto weren't that bad. I was totally expecting that I would go with keto flu symptoms right off the bat. It wasn't that bad, I didn't have sugar withdrawal. The weight stayed the same, my strength was there, but I'd fatigue much earlier in my sets. Can't even be certain it's to do with the keto diet, but that's what was happening. All right, my man just shot a shot, made me drop my phone. This guy right here, wanna be basketball player. All right, today's my first day of cardio with keto on board and I gotta admit, I'm feeling pretty tired. I just beat both of these guys though. I was able to keep up with them, my sprints were fine, my game was fine, but I noticed that after a game or two, when I would be somewhat out of breath, I was totally burnt. I was really tired, much more than usual. Again, not certain that it's 100 percent due to the keto diet, but I do suspect keto is playing a role in my decreased stamina in my exercise. The keto struggle is so real, I'm eating cat food. - Let me at least fix my hair a make sure I look good. - While Lisa's eating a healthy salad with some croutons. - I'm eating cat food. Tell them about the cat food. - [Lisa] It's salmon! - What damn cat food? - He's eating cat food, it's right there. - That's called the keto struggle. Going into the second week of keto, I was starting to struggle a lot with my food choices. When I go to work, and I'm gonna be working a long shift, I can't bring all of these goodies, an avocado, and all this stuff. So, what did I do? I brought a Thrive Market can of salmon, with some mayonnaise and I basically ate cat food. Eating a diet that's so high in fat, I mean 75 percent of my calories were coming from fat, it's difficult to maintain that and I don't plan well. For example, if I'm going to a big event, I should probably eat beforehand. You have to plan ahead if you wanna stick to keto. Because when you go to a fast food joint, or a restaurant, yes they may have a piece of meat, but eating high protein is not keto. You have to be eating high fat. So you have to be thinking about what it is you're gonna choose off the menu. And you can get a cheeseburger that's very fatty, has sauce on it that's hopefully carb free, that's not optimal keto. That's the dirty keto that people talk about. If you're eating high saturated fats, over cooked red meats, using processed oils, that's not something I generally recommend or want for myself. Wait! (police sirens) Two weeks in, I already had some results showing. My clothes were fitting better, my abs were coming out of hibernation, like one of them legit came out and said, "What up!" And I was like, "Oh my god look its my ab, I used to see you back in the day and then you started hibernating." It did surprise me that after two weeks of keto, I was already starting to see results and now I get why this diet is so popular amongst people who are trying to lose weight quickly. And not that I'm advocating for that, but it was nice to see results so early on, and quite motivational. I will say though, the majority of the weight loss that happens in the first week or so is usually water weight. That's not gonna be sustainable, that speed of weight loss. I feel like on keto, I wake up really hungry. Normally I don't mind skipping breakfast, but on keto I'm starving. It's probably because I'm eating so much less calories than usual. Getting into the later weeks of keto, I was getting hungry. That doesn't mean I wasn't satiated, I mean eating a lot of fats, you get full quickly and you're no longer hungry. But when I say hungry, I mean more like cravings. Bananas, cookies and cream milkshakes, and then I even noticed a pattern where I was hungry, just because I was bored. I had a high fat meal, I had some sardines with guacamole. I'm full. But I wanna munch on something, I just wanna eat some chips, so I've realized that I like to bored eat. And on keto, you really can't bored eat. Unless you just eat nuts all day, I don't understand how many almonds you can eat in one day before you. I think I broke keto. I mean not technically, but I had several drinks last night that technically throws you out of keto. They were not sugary drinks, I just had soda and alcohol but that does technically take you out of ketosis at least for a short while so you probably think I'm a failure. Look, we all make mistakes and two steps forward with one step back, is still one step forward. That's something that I want you to remember and take away from my keto journey. If you mess up, it's not the end of the world. It's doesn't mean that you're a failure. Yes, I had a few drinks and it took me out of ketosis for a little bit because your body actually metabolizes the alcohol and uses that as energy instead of fats. But, it's fine. As soon as I stopped drinking the alcohol, the next day I was probably back in ketosis and everything was back on track. So did it slow down my progress? Probably somewhat, but it wasn't the end of the world. If I treated it like it was the end of the world, that would hurt my progress because that would demotivate me, and cause me to order some cookies and cream milkshakes and we know we can't do that on keto. I had a renewed determination to continue and finish my keto journey. (upbeat music) One month of keto is in the books! I made it, I ate 75 percent of my calories from fat, 20 percent from protein, 5 percent from carbs. I stuck to this bad boy. But let's talk summary, let's talk about what happened. First and foremost, body. I started this diet at 208 pounds, I weighed in this morning at 202 pounds. So that's a six pound weight loss in 4 weeks, sounds pretty appropriate, about a pound and a half per week. My abs are showing a little bit more, which gets me really excited for summer. Now when it comes to my mind, I don't necessarily feel any big difference that jumps out. But I do notice that I don't crash as much, especially in the midday section. For the average healthy person going on a short course of keto will help them lose some weight and it probably won't be detrimental to their health. If you're gonna start a new diet, any diet for that matter, go see your doctor and have that conversation. Figure out what are the benefits versus harms so you can make the most educated decision possible moving forward. I hope you guys enjoyed me trying out keto, if you want me to continue trying out weird things, diets, whatever, drop it down below in the comments and smash that like button and if you tried keto and you had an experience of your own, also jump into the comments section as you know, I'm very active down there. And if you wanna see more about my take on diets, click here for my playlist and as always, stay happy and healthy. (upbeat techno music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lollipoppi13 [1 likes]: 8:40 why is nobody talking abt the "as you know im very active down there" the shift to "📣📣TAKE YOUR MIND OUT OF THE GUTTER📣📣" like woah just cause ur a doctor doesnt mean you get to read my mind
  2. @baxterwilson368: 7:27 Wow. I lost 20 pounds in the first two weeks of keto and 65 overall. You only lost 6? Well, I was much fatter than you so I guess it doesn’t help that much if you’re lean. Also, I’m not on keto anymore. I got way too many deficiencies and I just hated eating after a while. But it was an interesting 4-year experiment. I went from 220 to 155 lbs.
  3. @intjmikepearson1350: My experience was totally different. Probably depends on the person. I am not prone to gullibility - I didn't experience the mental clarity people talked about, but I definitely felt more stable energy, including with endurance. I played basketball best on keto. Actually the absolute best was right when I exited keto after 2+ weeks on it. Did this many times. Insane energy
  4. @Lili-May_: 30 days is not long enough for your body to become fat adapted. Ive been doing vegetarian keto for 4 months and it is only recently begun to feel like my body has adjusted. I also avoid processed foods and seed oils, and eat in a window. I am doing it to improve health not lose weight. No mention of lower risk of chronic disease or lowering inflammation.
  5. @SherrySharma-c5w: Starts with veg... how is it keto?
  6. @I_Dont_Care_Its_just_a_game: Is that eye shadow
  7. @jenniferrichardson2702: Did he even test his ketones?
  8. @ruthnull7: I think you would have done better on keto bore or carnivore and as in 82 year old lady I can say after reading the comments that 75% of the single women in America wish that you were their doctor😂
  9. @SeaDogMama: 1. What moronic girl breaks up with you?
2. Oaxaca = wa-HA-ka
 	
Great video!
  10. @heathershay5260: I'm keto and I'm almost never hungry. I don't eat all the packaged Franken-foods either. Meat, low carb veg, healthy fats. It's not hard.
  11. @angelmagana422: He’s so fineeeee
  12. @neezduts69420: my doctor told me to do intermittent fasting and cut out brown beige carbs but isn't this the same as keto?
  13. @Madicken-n7k: How much protein can I eat? I am 1,65 meters long and 84kg and I am s woman at 50 years.😊
  14. @sendslimclinic: I'm glad this didn't become a pitch for a "miracle diet." Seeing the practical aspect of things that are genuinely difficult to maintain on a daily basis was far more beneficial.
  15. @KatiaHo-n7k: You aged a bit more . Your skin isn't as clean as when you started. How was your cholesterols after this ?
  16. @robbywiginton3605: Oaxaca is pronounced "Wa-ha-ka"
  17. @thebaconexperiment: who is this clown?
  18. @thebaconexperiment: did it wrong 🤡
  19. @BigTBuiltDifferent: Avacado is keto friendly tho
  20. @kfox153: This is not a serious video. Why do something if you're going to make a half ass attempt at it?  This strikes me as retarded.

- How to Introduce Carbs & Come off Keto: Kind: captions Language: en so you're done with keto that's totally fine okay but you have to come off of it right yeah I don't want you to end up being one of those people that stops keto and then ends up not liking keto simply because you gained weight back or you ballooned afterwards because you just came off of it wrong there's just a simple strategy keto is okay to come in and out of you don't have to be keto for the rest of your life there are some that choose to be and some that choose not to so let me teach you how to come off of keto properly so you don't rebound and so you still continue to reap the benefits and you can go back in the revolving door and enter the keto lifestyle again if you want to all right so let's go ahead and break it down hey make sure you hit that red subscribe button and then hit that little bell icon so you can turn on notifications and make sure you select all notifications not just personalized notifications so you never miss a video they're coming out just about every single day at 7:30 a.m. Pacific time alright let's drop in to this protocol the first most important thing that you have to know here is that when you come off of keto you have to reduce your fat intake dramatically the second that you start consuming carbohydrates you have to lessen your fat intake and I don't just mean a little bit I mean a lot you're not on keto anymore so for the next four weeks you should keep your fats low I don't condone a low-fat diet let me make that very clear but what I'm saying here is when you come off of keto you are very insulin sensitive you've been eating keto for a while which means your body hasn't been singing carbohydrates do you know what it's gonna do and it sees carbohydrates it's gonna gobble them up like crazy because it's gonna see him everywhere so it's gonna just be like oh car ride rates grab them I mean I don't want that to happen when fat is in the equation to here's what happens you spike your insulin because you ate carbohydrates but you're still in the habit of eating fats so you spike your insulin and you ate fats well guess what the carbohydrates go into storage and so does the fat that you just ate so that is why while you are getting accustomed to carbohydrates again you need to keep the fats very very low so I recommend between 10 and 20 percent of the fat intake that you were while you were on keto it's very important to know and there's a study those published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition that found that fats do store easier as body fat than carbohydrates when you're not in Quito okay operative words not in Quito you see they found that between 75 and 80 percent of excess calories that came from carbohydrates would store as fat but 90 to 95 percent of excess calories that came in as fat would store as fat so when not in Quito fat stores easier when in excess than carbohydrates when in excess again only when in excess right the point is you need to reduce those fats keep those carbohydrates where you need them to find that new level for you all right number two this is where things get really exciting because this is kind of my brainchild here all right I had a really interesting idea compiled a bunch of research together and then looked at different studies but this idea made a lot of sense alternate day fasting okay the whole goal with coming off of Quito is to be able to gingerly transition yourself into carbohydrates when you're in Quito you have all this benefit of ketones being present okay when you come off of Quito that ends abruptly but if we use this strategy we can actually keep ketones nice and elevated and it's through alternate day fasting in a staggered sense let me describe what that means all right so day one coming off of Quito you're going to go ahead and fast for 22 hours then the next day you're gonna eat as normal non fasting then the next day you're gonna drop it down to a twenty hour fast and then the next day and you'll eat as normal then the next day you'll drop to an 18 hour fast and the next day eat as normal then a 16 hour fast then eat as normal 14 hour fast then eat as normal and then a 12 hour fast and then go ahead and start your normal diet so it's called a staggering alternate day fasting and the reason that I'm having you do it is because as you come off of keto you can capitalize on the intermittent fasting the alternate longer fasting days to still keep your ketones elevated to offset some of the negative impact of the carbohydrates and then you're sort of weaning yourself off of key tones via the fasting it makes so much sense there's some awesome science talking about alternate day fasting these days check this one out okay so this one was published in the journal Cell Metabolism took a look at 60 people over the course of four weeks okay one group just ate standard diet the other group ate an alternate day fasting style diet for these four weeks where they can eat whatever they wanted to on their eating days and then they would just have a fasting day then whatever they want on their eating days then a fasting day here's what's cool okay the one group that was doing the alternate day fasting lost 7.7 pounds in four weeks okay that's pretty remarkable for not really having to do a whole lot they found that even though they did overcompensate a little bit with the calories on the days they would eat so for example they would fast and then the next day they might overeat a little bit they still ended up with a net 35% caloric reduction so that's why they lost so much weight but that's not what I was excited about what I was so excited about is within the study they found that their levels of ketones were elevated even on days they were not fasting even when eating lots of carbohydrates they still had ketones present because the fast had carried over into the next day a little bit as far as ketones go what does this mean to you coming off of keto it means you're still getting the really cool benefit of ketones but without ketosis it is the perfect transition for you okay so now you get to eat these good foods but you still get to have the ketones and you still get to lessen the negative impact it's worth noting that if you're looking for foods to eat with intermittent fasting and with coming off of keto and stuff like that I did put a link down below for thrive market okay so thrive market I've been able to create grocery bundles okay so that means I've got keto bundles fasting bundles hormone optimisation bundles metabolism bundles all grocery bundles with foods that I choose from thrive market so thrive market is a membership-based online grocery store where you get things delivered right to your doorstep rather than having to go to the grocery store so it ends up being a lot cheaper than the grocery store but they're also a huge help to my subscribers and my viewers because I have an opportunity to put a plan into action for people people can actually get foods I talked about so I highly recommend you check them out if you're coming off of keto and you're wanting to practice some of this stuff in get the right foods okay now let's go ahead and let's move into the next one which is using high intensity interval training for the first two weeks coming off of Kido now this is super important because what happens is when you do high-intensity interval training your body uses carbs as a fuel source it just does okay so what we have to do with that is we want to make sure that we're doing short intense bouts of activity for two weeks almost every day what this is going to do is it's going to acclimate your body to using carbs again and it's going to try to make it just a little bit more metabolically flexible towards it the best way that I can describe it is by an analogy okay let's say you wanted to learn a language so you move to the country let's just say you move to Italy okay you went to Italy I'm gonna live here for six months because I want to learn the language so it takes you six months to learn just basic Italian well what if you had the ability to go to Italy and press a fast-forward button where you did everything you did in six months in one month that's what we're doing here except instead of a language we're getting the cells acclimated to carbohydrates we're revving things up we're moving faster the cells are having no choice but to get acclimated at a high rate of speed to carbohydrates it's consolidating that carbohydrate adaptation if you want to call it that you've spent months or years being keto adapted now you have to reverse that and get a little bit more car adapted again it's no big deal there was also a study that's published in the Journal of applied physiology nutrition and metabolism that found that high-intensity interval training increased the metabolic flexibility for carbohydrate consumption or utilization and for fat utilization even when the cardio or the activity wasn't going on basically it ended up making it so the body could use carbohydrates more efficiently and better even not during a workout okay the fourth thing I need you to pay attention to is a strict no snacking policy this should carry over forever to be honest I think snacking is really what messes us up but it all comes down to the fact that while you're transitioning off of keto you're going to be insulin sensitive so every time you eat something you spike your insulin which means you turn off fat burning the second that a peanut goes in your mouth it turns off fat burning until that is metabolized okay it's just any little thing that goes in your mouth it spikes your insulin if your insulin sensitive because you're coming off of keto that is magnified even more so keep the gaps between your meals strict and regimented an only thing that you're consuming between those meals is water or diet beverages or whatever it's going to be but no food nothing that elicits an insulin response okay so the next one that I need you to pay attention to is going to be eating low glycemic carbohydrates which kind of goes without saying that's healthy carbs versus sugary carbs okay duh all right but what about resistant starches well resistant starches are sort of a hack and normally I don't like to implement resistant starches too that's kind of complicated but it's a way for you to be able to consume carbohydrates at a larger degree without having the negative impact of too much blood sugar so a resistant starches for example when you take like a potato and you bake it and then you refrigerate it and you reheat it what that does is it changes the molecular structure into what is called a resistant starch the body actually doesn't know how to break those starches down so reheated pasta reheated potatoes reheated sweet potatoes reheated root veggies if they've been cooked cooled and then reheated they become resistant it doesn't mean you can eat a bunch of them but it does mean that the body has a tougher time absorbing the glucose from them the reason I mentioned this is if you need filler material because you you started eating carbs so now the carb cravings are coming in it's gonna happen it's great filler material take a potato bake it refrigerate it reheat it and then you've got you know seven ounces of potato that's not going to impact you the same way that seven ounces of regular potato would and it's gonna make it so that you just can transition a little bit better it's filler material and it fills the void it's exactly what you might need number 6 is going to be soluble fiber okay it kind of comes in the same vein in terms of slowing down the absorption of the carbohydrates but I'm a fan of the soluble fiber versus the insoluble fiber because you don't know the negative impact on your body is a little bit less and you can get by with less overall so chia some flax maybe a little glucomannan fiber from like something like shirataki noodles or anything like that where it's just a slow digesting fiber that slows down the carbohydrates as well okay just some fun things that they throw into the mix and the last but certainly not least and probably one of the most important things for overall health and cellular health and just preventing damage you have to increase your antioxidants during this time for at least three to four weeks when you are in keto your body is burning a very clean fuel okay it has very little electron leakage when you are burning ketones so when you burn energy from ketones it's a very direct through the electron transport chain into the mitochondria creating energy meaning you have very little leaking particles that trigger metabolic stress and trigger reactive oxygen species oxidative damage this is the biggest benefit of keto in my opinion it's clean when you come off of keto suddenly you have a bunch of oxidative damage because you are no longer burning a clean fuel it's like you just took a Prius and just shoved a bunch of diesel engine fuel into it right and all of a sudden the Prius is like whoa it's like big cloud of black smoke it's barely running okay not saying that you're a Prius we're in you're on keto you're probably a little bit more like I don't know maybe a a Tesla Model S or something but still the clean factor still makes sense right the point is is now all of a sudden you have a dirtier fuel you need to have antioxidants to help combat the dirtier fuel whereas when you're on keto you didn't need the antioxidants cuz they were built-in so what I recommend is dark chocolate unsweetened baking dark chocolate gram for gram it's probably the highest antioxidant food that you can find higher than blueberries higher than strawberries and it's taste good too even though it's a little bit bitter I recommend adding it to your mix having a little bit before bed also loading up on a whole food form of vitamin C okay don't get one that's absorbing acid get one that's made from like acerola fruit or acerola cherry okay there's a lot of different brands Whole Foods has and sprouts has and whatever just look for quote whole food vitamin C capsules and you're gonna load up on those I want you to take like probably two to three thousand milligrams per day for three to four weeks and it's going to help combat some of the reactive oxygen species that is going to naturally occur as a result of you coming off of keto all right so here you have it it's basic broken down and it's simple simple as it can be if you have ideas for future videos please comment them below and don't be worried about coming up with judo your human can always come back we're always here see

  Top Comments:
  1. @FAleCRM [1 likes]: What if I normally fast for 16 hours?
  2. @SusanaXpeace2u: Any advice on what ceiling to land on.  I was going to do 30 for a few weeks, then 40.    Will try the ADF but would that be necessary if you raise the ceiling very gradually.
  3. @davidrose8951: If you do weight training should you do the hitt training before or after for this first two weeks?
  4. @carousel...: Is it a good/bad idea to use BHB keto pills to be in ketosis however much of it?
  5. @tornado7066: How do you guys sleep on keto
  6. @sale7atariq667: Okay 
Would you please tell me how to get over keto plateau
I am also gaining weight on keto right now and thats really devastating
  7. @s.b.3427: #1 reduce fat intake to 10%-20% of the fat intake while in keto.
#2 alternate day fasting. Day 1 - 22h fast. Day 2 - no fasting. Day 3 - 20h fast. Day 4 - no fasting. Day 5 - 18h fast. Day 6 - no fasting. Day  7 - 16h fast. Day 8 - no fasting. Day 9 - 14h fast. Day 10 - no fasting. Day 11 - 12h fast. 
#3 HIIT for 2 weeks, almost everyday. 
#4 no snacking
#5 low glycemic carbs
#6 soluble fiber
#7 increase antioxidants (dark chocolate, whole food vitamin c capsules)
  8. @davidwilliamdanielthomas9305: Very cool video. I have, as many have I am sure, experienced the yoyo weight gain from previous sessions. This time, though, I took stock of what worked and what didn't  and came up with the world's most simple and effective keto/carnivore plan, which you can use if you want. 1) Eat nothing between 6 pm and the following noon. That is 18 hours/day of fasting., everyday. At noon, eat 6 oz of protein. I prefer salmon sashimi and a small amount of soy sauce or lemon. During the day, drink at least 96 ounces of water, I do it in 3 large gulps of 32 oz at a time. You can add a little salt to the water to make it more isotonic.  Finally, have another 6 oz of protein around 5:30. You will find within days the pounds are dropping off while your energy level goes through the roof.  To come off, I add more protein until I am not burning then slowly reintroduce complex carbs (berries to start) at 2 to 3 oz at 2 and 4 pm. To me, being terrible at structure, this simple, structured approach has been a life altering blessing.  Thanks, again, for a terrific video
  9. @RachelBirdy: Thanks!
  10. @YisroelSimcha: So… for me… I do plan to stay very low carb but I should bring back into carbs
  11. @Metal.Parrot: 4months in i unfortunately have to quit do to a pressure in the right side under the rib...
  12. @ros-t: I did a 3 day water fast for my first ever fast, I also quit smoking 2 days before the fast. I followed that with the keto diet, I am currently on day 4 of the Keto Diet.

I'm wondering if I'm okay to go back to eating carbs now?

I am very lean naturally and I lost 4.7kg in the 3 days, which I felt was too much too fast, I'd disappear by day 5 😂. 

I have a Gluten/Lactose/Egg/Tomato intolerance so I will be avoiding them the rest of my life after this. 

Will be going back to Sweet Potato's, normal potato's, rice, meat, salad and veg, gluten free pasta without bad additives and a lot of baking for my own bread and butters. I never have fizzy drinks/sweets. I've always been just a water person.

I need to up my exercise though, my cardio is terrible too. I cannot put weight on, but I'm hoping that was to do with my intolerances stopping me absorbing what I needed? I was on 3,600 calories a day and I was working out 3 days a week weight lifting, but no gains.

Have you got any tips for my current situation? 

Cheers for your help, great video and well done to you all 😄.
  13. @animeaiko-ka6306: When you said fast and then eat normaly , did you mean normaly like on a keto diet ? Or like normaly normaly with sugar and carbs
  14. @TimandShalise: We are all screwed when the government starts making us eat grass and bugs only, to “save the environment “ so be sure to memorize everything he’s saying here
  15. @kibalilyaj: does anyone have a list of lowfat whole foods and what foods are high fat
  16. @newsdropz5361: Depends on what you're transitioning to. If you're just going LCHF, you just need to maybe half the fat.
  17. @adamautumn2329: You said not to snack but you ate a piece of dark chocolate. When do I get to eat a piece of chocolate?
  18. @jimmywatson847: Help, because I think I missed something!  In this video Thomas mentions to reduce current fat intake to 10-20%, I would assume protein would stay about the same.  Where does this leave carbs, do you fill the remaining calories needed/desired with carbs?  I have always heard to slowly incorporate carbs back in when cycling.  Does this tie into the fasting idea that you stagger your fasting hours and you eat low fat, high protein, and moderate to high carbs?  TIA!
  19. @joejackson9986: This is way too complicated. Just hire a dietician. They’ll craft a sensible plan to ensure you transition out of keto with minimal to no weight gain.
  20. @Randomvids205: I wish I saw this 4 months ago but hey, I’m seeing it now! 😃 I only have gained 13 kgs back instead of 33

- Why You ARE In Ketosis But NOT Losing Weight! [Keto Troubleshooting]: Kind: captions Language: en Are you in ketosis but still not losing weight? Watch this video to find out what is going on and what you can do about it. Hey Carb Dodgers! My name is Dr Dan Maggs. I'm so glad you've landed on my channel. I help people achieve sustainable weight loss through low carb real food diets. I release new videos every Tuesday, so be sure to subscribe and hit the bell to get notified whenever I post new content. So you're on the keto diet and have importantly managed to get into ketosis but you're still not losing weight. Now, there could be a number of factors at play here. So stay tuned to the end of this video and I'll make sure to take you through all of the reasons why this might be. Most commonly it's just a mind a bit of tweaking that is needed. and I've helped loads of people get over this hurdle in their keto jig. So, let's get started! Firstly, I want to get one thing clear everything from this point on assumes that you've confirmed with some sort of testing that you're in ketosis and you're not just relying on symptoms, okay? Now, I've got a whole playlist about the different ways to measure ketones so go and check that out if you're not sure how to do this. That playlist is linked at the top in the corner here. Making sure you're in ketosis before we start is important because if you're not in ketosis then what you actually need is my free troubleshooting guide "Why Am I Not in Ketosis" which you can download from my website and that is going to be linked along with all the resources that I mentioned in this video down below in the description. So we've established that you're in ketosis before we can understand "what is really going on we have to understand what does being in ketosis actually tell us?" All it tells us is that we're burning fat as our primary source of fuel. The problem is that it doesn't tell us "WHERE" that fat is coming from and it could be from one of two places; our stored body fat or fat that we're consuming. Dietary Fat Well, it's true that fats are nothing to shy away from while you're on the ketogenic diet. It's not just a free pass to consume as much fat as you want and I want to take a second to dispel a really common keto myth and that is that.. "You can't get fat from eating fat." and that's simply incorrect you can gain weight from eating too much fat. There's a very efficient transport system that takes dietary fat from your gut to your fat cells. It's not just about carbs and insulin. Just Google chylomicrons if you want to learn more about that process and this brings us to the most important reason why you can be in ketosis but not lose weight. You're consuming too much fat. Now one of the amazing things about the ketogenic diet is that people tend to feel a lot less hungry on it and therefore eat less naturally. Off the back of this many people slip very easily into a pattern of intermittent fasting as well and that helps, but there are certain fat sources that can sneak up on us in our daily consumption and just tip us over the edge into over consuming fat and yes you'll technically be in ketosis but you won't be losing weight. So first don't go nuts. Nuts are a prime example of a fatty food that very quickly makes our daily calorie intake higher than our energy expenditure. Whilst many nuts are low in carbs they are in fact very energy dense. Meaning they contain a lot of energy or calories. Take this 100 grams of walnuts, it's probably just a little bit over a handful and it only has seven grams of net carbs hydrates. So depending on what else you're eating in the day it may well be low enough to keep you in ketosis but it also contains about 700 calories and that's just in this small pot here. Now, I don't know about you but I could easily get through these in a day if I was snacking on them and if that was a bowl of peanuts that were salted, yeah, very easily... Cream is another really common place I see people making a mistake and that's why they're both added into food but very commonly in coffee. So if you're a cream in your coffee kind of person and you're drinking several cups a day it can easily add up to consuming quite a lot of fat over the course of the day. Cheese is another one which can be really quite easy to overdo and your final loads of keto recipes out there which rely very heavily on cheese. Cheese is also a really easy thing to snack on and then we've got things like keto coffees or bulletproof coffees or butter coffees and fat bombs and these are basically just pure fat. Now they do have their place especially in the early stages of getting used to burning fat as your primary source of energy but they can be an easy way to over consume fat if you're not careful. So if you're definitely in ketosis but aren't losing weight I suggest cutting back or eliminating these things from your diet until you start to get the needles moving on the scale again. And finally, I just want you to be wary of the amount of fat that you're adding to your food. Butter, mayonnaise, olive oil other things like that and whilst I'm not saying you shouldn't add these to your food at all it's just that some people go a bit far with the adding butter to stuff thing. It tastes amazing but you can overdo it. So if you're struggling to lose weight and you're not doing any of the stuff that I talked about earlier just be sure to check on how much fat you're adding to your meals. I just want to quickly mention snacking, I mentioned that some of the foods like nuts and cheese are very easy foods to snack on but you shouldn't really feel the need to eat between meals whilst on a ketogenic diet, not if it's properly formulated anyway, if you feel the need to snack between meals either; you've not eaten enough at your last meal in which case make sure you've eaten enough to satisfy your hunger or you're simply snacking out of habit rather than out of hunger which is something that I commonly see, in which case try replacing that habit with something else. Why not try having a glass of water instead. Now, whilst we're on the topic of snacking, do you find yourself needing to snack much when you're in ketosis if you do is it out of habit or out of hunger let me know in the comments down below just type HABIT or HUNGER. Now let's dispel another keto diet myth and that is that... "If some ketones are good then more ketones must be better" and some keto professionals would argue that when it comes to weight loss "The higher your level of ketones the faster you're going to be losing weight" and that you should simply add more fat in order to achieve this. Having a higher level of ketones unfortunately again doesn't tell us if your body is burning fat from your body fat, the stored fat or from the fat you're consuming through your diet. It's possible that you've just got higher levels because you're burning more dietary fat and so long as your readings on a blood ketone monitor are between 0.5 and about 3 you're in a reasonable level of ketosis and it's probably not necessary for weight loss to increase your blood ketones anymore. Just doesn't really make sense when you think about it. For more on this check out my video on the ideal ketone levels for weight loss which again is linked up here and down below in the description and I go into ketone levels and a lot more detail in that video. So, let's talk in practical terms, "How do we find out if we're consuming too much fat" Well option 1, keep a food diary. It's enough for most people to simply keep a food diary for a few days. This can either be in paper form or simply just take a photograph of everything you're eating, include all drinks and snacks in there. This simple act of recording things can bring awareness to those small additions that may just be sneaking their way into your daily consumption and will promote a more mindful approach to eating. Option two is calorie counting. I'm not a massive fan of calorie counting because calculating your energy expenditure is generally pretty inaccurate unless you're in a lab and food labels aren't much better either, but if all else has failed it occasionally can be useful to help you know if you're way out on your calorie balance and to help you identify problem areas within your diet and there are a number of apps and trackers available I quite like using the MyFitnessPal app and website and also watch type tracker to look at your energy expenditure over a day. I just urge a bit of caution with the numbers because calorie counting can turn into a major headache if relied on too heavily due to all the inaccuracies and trying to keep track of all the numbers. It's also pretty time-consuming but let's finish up this video by looking at some non diet related reasons why you might not be losing weight. Stress Yes, stress could be stopping you from losing weight. If you're someone who experiences daily stress in your work or personal life this be seriously impacting on your ability to lose weight. Now nature's develops stress as a survival tool putting our bodies into a state of stress to essentially freeze the nutrients that we Currently, have in our bodies in the event we won't be able to access food for a while. As a survival mechanism stress is great. But nature hasn't developed a less drastic way to cope with the type of non-threatening life stresses that we experience in the modern world. Now stress doesn't only impair us from losing weight it can also negatively impact the way our body's used our nutrients. Increasing daily movement has been proven time and time again to be an effective stress reliever as exercise releases endorphins. A feel-good hormone. You may also wish to try something like yoga. Yeah guys that means you too, which will not only be far more physically challenging than you might expect, it can also be great for stress relief too. And sleep nature wants us to sleep for about eight hours a night with various sleep stages each just as important as the other and I think the less than seven hours of sleep a night has been shown to cause some serious health concerns and if you think you can function perfectly fine with six hours or less of sleep then the reality is this may cause issues for you in the future. Not only do we make bad food choices when we're sleep-deprived. We also consume a lot more with an extra two to three hundred calories consumed each day for people who sleep six hours or less. Catching those Z's can help you avoid weight gain and help you make better choices on what foods to consume. So go on, get to bed. Actually, hold on a second we're nearly done with this video. Don't go anywhere. Now I know some of you will be saying to yourselves I'm already doing all of this stuff if you are and you're still struggling to lose weight it might be time to go and see your doctor who may wish to consider doing some blood tests in order to check whether you have a medical problem that may be hindering your efforts to lose weight. Hyperthyroidism or an underactive thyroid is one very common health issue that may be impacting your ability to lose weight. It's a simple blood test to look for abnormal hormone levels and it's pretty easy to treat too. So that's it for today's video if you liked this video please let me know by liking it below and sharing it with your friends and family. Leave me a comment below if this video has helped you and don't forget to subscribe to my channel you can do that by clicking about here and if you want to know which one of my videos you should check out next well I've very helpfully left you a suggestion over there I know nice see you next Tuesday

  Top Comments:
  1. @honeyfungus4774 [1 likes]: Great info, but the background music is so ugly and distracting.
  2. @DrDanMaggs: 🚨 IMPORTANT: This channel is now closed.
👉 Find my new videos for middle-aged men here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCx5af3oOZVdMfTRQTxzLgFA?sub_confirmation=1
  3. @KathyBowling: I am wondering why people in the 80’s were doing Atkins and eating tons of fat but still seemed to drop so much weight? I just need to lose 15 lbs and seem to need to be so careful about fat grams. But I am a cream-in-my-coffee girl. I have only been in ketosis did two weeks and have lost 6 lbs. But I think this is just water weight.
  4. @mirandasworld: thank you
  5. @sisteryaya24: I've lost 20 lbs in just a few months. I've only assumed I was in ketosis because I lost 20 lbs. I'm rarely hungry. I exercise everyday. I'm 5'9 and my weight stays at 154lbs. I want to lose another 15 lbs.  Thanks so much! So far after listening, it may well be the butter and fats I need to decrease. I'll keep listening. So glad I found you. 🌺
  6. @Royal_trini: Habit - when I am bored 😴 😢😢. I find my weightloss is stagnant.😒 I think it's time for gym
  7. @fatenlay4520: Weel it's neither of that for me i am f'soing everything right idint eat a lot by nature i used toe at choclates it was quality not quantity i eat ince a day omlette or chicken with salad and then coffee with keto desert and thats it ko nits bo loaded of cheese...i got an allergy of keto at first i cut even eggs and now i feel the allergy is iver
  8. @maryam2837: This is very useful thank you but the background music is super annoying and stop us concentrating on your talking 😊
  9. @1John5-13-Lisa: Can u please tell how much fat from foods we can have to tip the scale to loose more weight and how many low carbs?!
  10. @1John5-13-Lisa: The fat adds up quick!! Note!! I put only 1 tsp of fats/ oils that’s not much we definetly use more than that heres a list

Here is the fat content for each food:
	•	1 oz cheddar cheese – 9g
	•	5 olives – 2g
	•	2 tbsp cream cheese – 10g
	•	1 tsp olive oil – 4.5g
	•	1 tsp avocado oil – 4.5g
	•	1 tsp butter – 4g
	•	1/2 medium avocado – 10g
	•	2 strips bacon – 7g
	•	3 chicken thighs – 30g
	•	1 Italian sausage link – 18g
	•	2 hotdogs – 24g
	•	4 oz salmon – 10g
	•	3 small lamb chops with bone – 24g
	•	1 thin pork chop with bone – 9g
	•	6 oz ribeye steak – 33g
	•	1/2 cup mozzarella – 12g
	•	1/2 cup ricotta cheese – 16g
	•	2 tbsp table cream – 6g
	•	1 tbsp peanut butter – 8g
	•	1/3 cup pumpkin seeds – 14g
	•	1/3 cup walnuts – 22g
	•	1/3 cup pecans – 27g
	•	1/3 cup almonds – 20g
  11. @racheljames7: Thank you .
  12. @GinaRossana-hl6ph: Cheese and cream for me...mystery solved.
  13. @jenniferwalden8245: Habit😂
  14. @theandersons777: Wish i would have seen this 2 months ago. Im eating to much fat, im in ketosis but not losing. Everyone on Facebook says eat more fat, because im also always hungry...  not sure im hungey or its emotions.
  15. @Verisimilitude_: I am struggling to lose weight - I believe I’m in ketosis and I haven’t been eating “dirty” keto. I’m also always hungry. Not sure how to balance my calories and my appetite. You say I shouldn’t be hungry in keto but I am and I’m not losing weight. I lost the initial 7 lbs of water weight but that’s it so far.
  16. @UrsaBella: Great video.  Cutting out nuts made my weight go down really fast. I eat cream and cheese and occasionally walnuts/almonds...but I do not snack, I do not feel hungry, I do OMAD, and at a stable weight now. I typically eat the same stuff daily and I do not get tired of if; at times I rotate
  17. @stevesmith1493: Many people don’t need 8 hours of sleep. Especially as you age. Like Trump who runs on 4-5 hours. Einstein who ran on 3-4. Thomas Jefferson took naps only.
  18. @stevesmith1493: Just exercise more and drink more water. The fat is not the problem.
  19. @shellymiller1248: Missed hormones- menopause help
  20. @Smiles2U4Ever: I do not have an appetite when doing keto which used to worry me about getting nutrients so I did the following.  I know when it's time to eat because I get a feeling of weakness.  I eat zero sugar greek yogurt with ground pistachios (one handful) and one Brazille nut (yes, just one. Do research about Brazille nuts).  I also include collagen powder and nonfortified nutritional yeast w/ added natural B12 (no synthetics), and then I add 2 tablespoons of ground flaxseed.  On top I add a handful of blackberries, raspberries and blueberries.  To get that down I MUST use whipped cream, otherwise it tastes like earthy cardboard.  I wait two hours and then have an avocado with a green salad drizzled with NF nutritional yeast flakes with EV olive oil and AC vinegar.  That's all I eat and then I fast for 18 to 20 hours every day.  I never get hungry or have cravings, and I feel good.  Weight loss is slow because of all the berries and whipped cream AND I'm on a statin.  I lost 10 lbs in 1 month (no exercise).  I don't eat a lot of meat or fish.  I plan on incorporating some salmon/cod into a meal 2 or 3 times a week for Omega 3's.  One more thing, I drink water while I fast and if I feel a little fatigued I drink water with electrolyte powder and it helps.

- WHY I QUIT KETO | Keto Diet Review: Kind: captions Language: en good morning you two so I have just woken up I feel like a wildling I'm sorry I apologize for this mess [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] whatever I pretty much can't get out of bed until I've had two cups of coffee and this is like my only luxury in life and it's like it is life anyway so I'm drinking my cup of coffee and today I am going to show you what I eat in a day so I've had a lot of questions from my Instagram if you follow me that you'll know that I have been doing keto or you know low-carb keto for about seven years now I have some really long time but I recently stopped and so I get a lot of questions are you still keto why you not keto anymore what's wrong with keto how are you eating now people get really invested in in diet and nutrition I find like if I switched up the way I trained you know people would embrace that but when you switch up the way you eat people go nuts so I thought I would address this in a video today and talk to you about why I'm not doing keto anymore and also just show you what what I eat in the day I have two cups of coffee in mind you go super super weak it's just a long black because I train fasted which means I don't eat breakfast before I train and so my first meal is always lunchtime so I've already done my meditation this morning and now on to my coffee but I'm so proud of myself because today marks the day of 8088 zero consecutive days of meditation I have literally meditated for 80 days in a row it's just one of those things I've never been able to become in ways I've noticed such a huge difference I'm more productive I sleep better I have more energy I feel calmer I just deal with stress better my mood is lifted like I feel like a different person for it excuse me I think I need more coffee yes better one thing that's really helped me stay consistent is this timer that I use it's called insight timer I'll link it in the description below it is amazing because the alarms are really nice they're just like Tibetan singing bowls that's so much better than your by phone alarm like blaring at you when you're old then so that's a win also there's tons of guided meditations on there as so many different types of definitely gonna be something that you'll you'll like you kind of reach milestones so it keeps track of your progress like anything to get the benefits whether it's your workouts or your diets or meditation to see results you really need to stay consistent that's the bottom line it's just whatever plan you can stick to is the one that works so anyway that's my meditation rounds and so I'm training legs today which means that I will be eating more carbs than usual it's probably not gonna be the healthiest day of eating but this is the reality I believe in being flexible I believe in having treats now and then 90% of the time I eat healthy I cook from fresh Whole Foods you know one day here or there is it's good for you mentally more than anything I had a super long day yesterday so I'm just feeling a bit drained and tired but it is leg day and I ain't a quitter so I'm just gonna do this thing regardless and you're gonna come along with me and see how I fare for the day sometimes you feel like just I can't deal and I don't want to do this but the minute you actually just force yourself to get into the gym and do your workout you feel amazing after so yeah I'm gonna finish my coffee I'm gonna get showered I'm gonna do something with this face and her situation because I legit look like a wildling right now and then I'm gonna head off to the gym I am also gonna talk to you guys about the whole keto thing too [Music] so before I go into what I'm eating today I wanted to address the whole keto thing I just want to start off by saying that the ketogenic diet is truly an amazingly wonderful healing diet and it really works but a lot of people and you know I wouldn't have done it for seven years if I didn't believe in the benefits of it however for many reasons it just doesn't suit my life right now I want to just say here emphatically that I am still low carb you know there's there's actually not a huge difference it's just I am a hell of a lot more flexible at the time I was competing and it worked really really well for me when I was competing keto is incredible for two reasons if you have any sort of health issues chronic illnesses if you have autoimmune disorders if you have issues with your hormones if you have things like Crohn's or celiac or and Dimitri OSIS or any sort of metabolic damage if you have epilepsy or seizures or even cancer keto has been proven to manage those symptoms really really really well and in fact that's how I found keto I didn't do it because I wanted to look a certain way and I was really really ill at the time and so I found keto and it literally cured me of all of my issues pretty much overnight and bearing in mind this is years and years ago before the masses knew what keto was my only issue is that keto has become such a fad diet everyone's jumping on the bandwagon exogenous ketones and keto bars and keto bread don't get me wrong I'm really happy that keto is getting more exposure but and this is a huge but if you're just in for a quick fix then this really isn't for you it's not a diet that you can just for six weeks and then go back to your ways and you have to have a certain mindset for me it was easy to get into that mindset because I felt so awful from being sick that I didn't care or for what food I had to eat I just wanted to feel better if you're not coming from that background and you're relatively healthy and you know you don't have any sort of issues that you're trying to heal within the body and you're just trying to get summer ready and you want to lose a few extra kilos and you heard that your best friend tried it and lost like five kilos really easy don't do this but because for however amazing keto is it's really really restrictive I mean you're literally cutting out a whole food group it's very very strict low carb but you know it's not no carb right so you're allowed green cruciferous fibrous vegetables I've really embraced it so I was finding other ways to cook how to substitute from Brad's too oh but if you're just a normal person like I am now and you want to still enjoy a social life and be able to go to say weddings or birthdays or family events it it's hard being keto and doing that because not everyone is going to understand what you're doing and why and so you'll get a lot of questions why can't you eat that or I'll just have a piece of cake just have a little bit it's not gonna hurt it just makes socializing harder it makes even at home if you have a partner or kids that doesn't share the same lifestyle keto it's very difficult you know you'll have to cook everything separately think for the normal average person who just wants to feel good in their body and wants to look their best I don't think you need to completely cut out carbs and once again the benefits and for me food is not just fuel anymore it's also pleasure as it should be I want to be able to go to social events and not be like I can't eat that because I'm cute oh I have fully regained my health now and it's really about balance I am still low carb so if I'm not working out and I'm resting or even if I'm just doing yoga or just going for a walk that day then my body doesn't actually need a huge amount of carbs so I'll stick to more of a higher protein higher fats lots of green vegetables and you know I'll keep my carbs low that way but if I am working out that I'm doing a really intense session and you know I'm depleting my glycogen stores and my body needs to refuel then I will have some cups I might just have a cheat day as well which just means I go out meat whatever I want if I'm eating out and that I find works for me in keeping some sort of healthy routine and being able to be consistent with healthy food but still enjoy in life and still giving myself that mental break of not having to track and weigh and count calories and get to obsessive about it because that is not healthy and unfortunately with keto that's the other downfall is that you can become a bit too obsessive if you suffer from any sort of eating disorder or disordered thinking or issues with over exercising and just being a bit too regimented with things than keto can trigger that so if there isn't the main reasons why I've stopped doing strips to keto anyway that's enough of keto ranting for now I'm gonna show you what I'm gonna eat today this is a day of a higher carb a little bit of a cheat day kind of comfort food I hope you enjoy it so this is pretty much meal number one of the day black coffee I've got some organic pastured eggs here that I'm probably just gonna scramble let me open them up and show you I normally do a whole pan it and that will feed the Viking as well as myself so I normally have four eggs worth and he has about eight eggs worth just a little bit of unsalted butter just to cook with these are amazing corn things they're organic it's basically just corn can put any sort of toppings on them sometimes I do like roasted vegetables and things but I'm gonna have my eggs with that and this is just I'm addicted it's organic tomato ketchup and you know I love it on my eggs this one is relatively healthy I know a lot of sources can be hidden with a lot of sugar and additives but this one's pretty good if so I'm just gonna scramble these up now and I'll show you the finished product a lot of people her to the whole bro science thing say that you should only have protein whites you know and I just think that's really stupid because the yolks actually have every single vitamin known to man bar vitamin C they're like nature's multivitamin so eat them basically they're good fear don't be scared of the yolk it's going to scramble these are now just pouring it in and the trick for making the most amazing scrambled eggs it's pretty simple just don't overheat them so I've got them on like a low to medium heat and just keep constantly stirring that's the trick low heat and constantly stir there's nothing worse than rubbery eggs you can see now they're like really runny but starting to solidify and this is the stage where I turn off the heat completely and then you just keep stirring and this will just make sure that they don't overcook and they stay nice and fluffy so I'm going to be making a spaghetti bolognese tonight and I'm going to make it with my homemade chicken broth which I made in the slow cooker and this stuff is amazing it's so good a cup of this and pretty much anything you make in the kitchen it makes it taste it'd be incredible beast is ready I've got bolognaise here some spaghetti and we've got some shallot garlic bread oh that was all my meals for today and why I'm not doing keto anymore I hope you enjoyed this video if you want to know more about my own journey if you want to see a more healthy day of eating and what I typically do when I'm following a routine then please let me know in the comments below thank you so much for watching and don't forget to subscribe and I'll catch you in another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @cathyjohnston240 [2 likes]: Congrats on 80 days meditating! I know that meditation is important but have a hard time staying consistent.
  2. @AureliusVex777: There is no one diet that works for everyone. I tried keto and carnivore, but they didn't work for me... They don't work for everyone. I am a glucose burner.
  3. @sole_stelle: Everyone is getting the vaxxine so I'll do it as well. Everyone wants to die so i feel alone living. No, you can do whatever it suits you but because of my health i can't listen to this and not  laugh
  4. @irishslave51: Keto-ites usually go back to some carbs...
  5. @lackadaisicalchild2205: I think Keto is a great tool for people who can stomach it, but it's kind of a social life killer just like she said. I'm going to try carb backloading instead so I can enjoy meals with my partner and my family. If carbs are available at any one point in time, I can just kinda shelve them for later after one of my workouts. Also found that there is a lot of wisdom in Shelley's philosophy of doing easy gentle cardio instead of Defcon 1 balls-to-the-wall torture. There was a study done where they found that Zone 1 and 2 cardio work better at reducing visceral fat than HIIT. Keto and HIIT are great...If They Work For You. Everybody's different and it's okay to use different methods at different times in your life as well.
  6. @v.ndeadd: I started keto to improve my brain performance and energy fluctuations and my family that lives with me converted to it without noticing just by living with me. xD
  7. @topcat2033: I love this, Keto is not good especially for women over 40. Shelley I absolutely love seeing you eating a massive bowl of spag Bol with garlic bread, when you train right you CAN eat carbs 👍🏼💜🌈🌻
  8. @evatheveganteen9771: If you are drinking coffee then your diet is deficient
  9. @amandahollifield3297: I’m loving the meditation inspo 💕
  10. @kasiekk193: and makeup video please :D
  11. @kasiekk193: skincare and haircare video, please!!!
  12. @996917: If you are menopausal, have low estrogen or low thyroid,  do not do keto. Your symptoms will get worse.
  13. @christabcook: CLICKBAIT Nothing about why u quit keto.
  14. @jeganka: I’m gonna quit keto. Tired of feeling like shit. Would rather be heavier and have more energy. Gonna go eat some carbs now!
  15. @prem264: How can you talk about more energy and better sleep after meditating regularly if you can’t get out of bed without TWO HUGE MUGS of coffee?! ☕️☕️☕️☕️ Doesn’t sound convincing for me.
  16. @chelseag3365: I've tried keto 3 times and every time I get extremely bad keto rash (it is rare and they don't know what causes it yet as far as I know) It is unbearably itchy and scars your skin. I've learned that my body just does not like the keto ratio of carbs/fat/protein. :(
  17. @jordanw.541: These things seems sensible, many thanks. You should try merging this together with Mika Klopswoth's instructions (googl her). The strategies are not necessarily for everybody but you may easily expect them to develop by 2 cups larger.
  18. @kayephillips7256: You must be lacking in vitamins if you need coffee to wake up. If you were healthy you would be naturally wide awake in the morning, i know i had candida for years and was vitamin deficient now i dont need to wake up, i just am.
  19. @catherineblair550: I am trying to do IF and I am so hungry all the time. I can't stand it. Last few days it's been worse and I am so sick of being hungry. Everyone is saying fasting is so easy.  I am doing 12/12. I am vegan.  I am not going to stop being vegan because it is for the animals.
  20. @dianaorlando3964: Hi Shelley, love your workouts and your honesty. Will you please share how your eyebrows are so beautiful, ie what do you do for shaping and full brows? Thx Diana

- Do Women Need More Carbs on Keto & Intermittent Fasting? – Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys I wanted to answer the question do women need more carbs on a keto and intimate fasting plan okay this is a common question a lot of women have because when they eat carbs they feel better so naturally they meet carbs right makes total logical sense because when they don't do carbs they feel like crap let's let's let's explain that when the blood Sugar's drop down to low when you do in a minute fasting especially the first place for the body to notice it is in the brain why because the brain doesn't store sugar it gets its fuel from the blood if there's low sugar in the blood there's going to be low sugar in the brain and the brain is going to suffer it's gonna feel very funky you're gonna get moody irritable and not feel very good brain fog memory issues all these symptoms okay and then you eat carbs and wow man you just feel so much better but but look what's happening deeper you have a situation where your cells are resistant to insulin that means insolence not working that well okay that's behind this blood sugar problem because what happens if insulin is not working it's not being absorbed the cell send a signal back to the origin the pancreas saying you know what we're not getting the message we're not getting that hormone so then the pancreas makes a heck of a lot more the pancreas will make seven to five to seven times more insulin than it should ok so now we have a lot of insulin going on guess what that's going to keep your blood Sugar's this because insulin lowers blood sugar it's gonna push it down even harder so we have a combination of high insulin and intermittent fasting it's gonna crash those blood sugars you're not going to feel very good but what you need to understand is what's really happening okay we need to fix this because if you start adding more carbs this problem never goes away it continues why because what causes the resistance is high levels of insulin because you're snacking or too frequently or you're eating carbs carbs increase insulin see the problem so we want to get rid of this problem we don't want to continue it so how do you do this correctly what you do is you heal insulin resistance by not adding carbs okay because you have it once you fully adapt to fat over here we want you to burn fat we don't want you to run on the sugar thing anymore to burn fat takes time takes two to six weeks yeah to do that you have to add a lot of greens B vitamins and add fat to the meal to go longer but maybe you don't want to do this too long maybe you want to do it kind of like three meals per Y I'll get used to it and then down to two meals slowly okay so you don't so your brain doesn't have a problem let's say for example that's overwhelming and you can't even do with that then instead of adding the carb what you could add is protein at least protein is better than a car okay because the protein will also make you feel better for other reasons I'm not going to get into but but not adding carbs so women don't need more carbs on keto and then they're fasting all they have to do is understand what's happening do it more gradual okay do it correctly so we can eventually get rid of this because I'm telling you once you get into a full keto DAP tation you're gonna feel incredible you're gonna have a lot of endurance but it does take some time and patience that's why we call you a patient right that's what I'll actually put you in a waiting room so you know I'm just kidding all right well thanks for watching hey tell me what you think about this video go ahead and comment below and give me your feedback

  Top Comments:
  1. @EE-hi4re [14 likes]: I normally do OMAD.  I noticed when I'm PMSing, I need to change to 18:6. Anyone else with me on this? Then when my period is over,  I feel good enough for a 72 hour fast.
  2. @elisapaolacci3131 [3 likes]: Very big fan of you and the content you provide, however could you make a video specifically for women and how IF and keto diet applies to the mestrual cycle and healthy production of hormones please?
  3. @mattkinsey56 [2 likes]: It would be great if you had a few more videos about the difference between men and women when it comes to both IF and prolonged fasting. I have felt great after moving from IF to prolonged fasting, but my wife is having trouble getting started.
  4. @nataliamabel3323 [1 likes]: I did low carb for 2 months and then keto diet for 3 months and my period disappeared. Had to eat 150g Rolf carbs per day for two months to get it back and it’s still not fully back yet. Please advice 🙏🙏🙏🙏❤
  5. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  6. @charleneweber5199: I think it was very informative.
  7. @Duckies1023: Huh? Dude didn’t explain what this had to do with women… this was a video for anyone, male or female, starting out. 

Or….

It sounded more like this 5 minute video = women just need to calm down and be rational.  They don’t feel what they  “think” they are feeling.  Silly women
  8. @Truthplznowplzplz2025Plz: trying to decrease your insulin if you have normal levels of insulin, which is an essential hormone is really dangerous. unless you're diabetic decreasing your insulin levels will do more harm than good. I hate the way these quacks talk about hormones as bad and pretending that insulin isn't essential. Are you aware of what too little insulin can do to your body? there's no need to assume your insulin level is too high.
  9. @lenkaklepacova2167: Gosh, those complaining about ' a woman should get some carbs before ,on,after periods' and who is saying no to you?!, you are forgetting you can still have 50 grams of those of course not the crappy ones! Like with athletes if they need more carbs or protein yes get more like even 70, hes been repeating himself in many vids so keep listening.
  10. @iamlove8783: Thanks doc
  11. @ednaisabel4741: Love the simplicity and that it’s to the point. Easy to understand, fast and short. 👍🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
  12. @maravilloso002: Using carb manager app and my lady’s carb requirements are higher than mine. I try to lower hers to under 50g and it says she will lose weight but very slowly. It currently has her at 74g per day which seems high. Mine is at 50 but I’m at my ideal weight of 195lbs. It took me four months last year to lose 70 lbs
  13. @viversholisticnutrition8180: Thank you so much for this. Explains exactly what I’m experiencing going into my second week of IF and Leto and feeling sideways! I need to slow down a little. Thank you!
  14. @sallymolhoek9622: I sure can’t wait to get to the point he’s talking about because right now I’m miserable.  I’m not cheating one little bit and I feel awful in every way.  Praying that I’ll feel awesome in a few weeks!
  15. @joannetrickett6014: Check out Dr Mindy Pelz though, for those of us with hormonal issues, sometimes we need to eat slightly differently to feed our hormones
  16. @yasminah6823: this is interesting. I noticed that after a while of doing keto and IF, I started losing weight(or not gaining anything) when I introduced carbs back into my diet. Now, I allow myself some healthy bread and haven't cut it out entirely. Part of that was the psychological stress of having cut everything else out and not knowing how to replace it. I'm still working on it but I did(and still do) feel so much agitation when I get rid of carb entirely. thank you doctor.
  17. @hawraa-hr: Im on if and my period come 10 days before ?
  18. @spiritflower6640: Much more helpful than the last video of yours iI watched on intermittent fasting and women ;) thank you! I'm guessing to get fully fat adapted that it can take longer than 6 weeks...  I'm 3 months in and I still don't feel right...I'm still hungry a lot have a  hard time with the keto and with the fasting, even with all the supplements from you...
  19. @purpleivy9: You are the best!
  20. @luccabetta5238: Dr Berg I think I went down to 2 meals a day too early!! Which is why I have been occasionally sneaking in the carbs in a meal, the brain is obviously not adapted yet.

- Why I quit keto after 5 years: Kind: captions Language: en I quit keto after turning 40 even after losing more than 100 pounds following a keto diet over the next five minutes I want to talk about the reasons that I quit keto after 40 plus I'll let you know how I'm back to getting consistent results even while enjoying potatoes pasta and bread I know losing weight over 40 seems more difficult but it really comes down to four key things that you need to do in order to build a strong metabolism drop a line below this video and I'll send a guide with the four things that my clients focus on in order to build up their metabolism which makes weight loss after 40 so much easier now when I shipped it my focus to building instead of constant restriction and made getting back on track with my goals possible in case we haven't met I'm Nissa and I lost more than 100 pounds after Decades of struggling with yoyo diets since then I've helped hundreds of women break free from fat and yo-yo diets with an easy macro approach to weight loss okay so let's talk about the three biggest reasons that I quit keto after turning 40 and how I'm back to getting consistent results even while enjoying carbs like potatoes pasta and bread reason number one I quit keto is because my hormones suffered now even though everyone who promotes a keto lifestyle says carbs aren't an essential macronutrient my hormones suffered when I took carbs out of my diet for too long after living a keto lifestyle for more than five years where I lost more than 100 pounds I quit because as a woman over 40 I just didn't feel good anymore keeping carbs at a keto level while I love the weight loss and energy I first experienced after lowering carbs to less than 50 grams per day not having carbs in my diet created a stress on my body and while some stress is good I also dealt with other life stressors like taking care of kids running a business keeping my house in order cooking meal prep and even stressors that were meant to improve my health things like restricting carbs intermittent fasting and even exercise and while some hormetic stress is good for weight loss too many stressors all at once can lead to complete burnout and that's where I was five years into my I began experiencing extreme exhaustion where most days I was ready to go to bed at 11 am I also dealt with daily headaches that often turn into migraines plus of the 100 pounds I lost around 50 pounds came back pretty rapidly no matter how hard I ketoed once I listened to my body and added more carbs back in I noticed all of these symptoms began disappearing now I'm at the point where if I happen to have a day where I eat less than 100 grams of carbs the headaches and exhaustion just come right back and as a bonus the energy I have from including more carbs is much better than when I was stressing myself out trying to stay in ketosis reason number two I quit keto five years in is I regained weight as I just mentioned half of the original weight I lost came back rapidly and no matter how low I cut carbs or how many keto friendly Foods I ate nothing seemed to help looking back attempting to remain in a ketogenic State actually hurt my weight loss efforts and while regaining half of what I lost is tragic enough I also noticed in the five years I followed a keto lifestyle there were always 10 to 20 pounds in scale creep that I continually battled so while the 50 pounds of rapid weight regain was very apparent she struggling to keep off a constant 10 to 20 pounds of scale creep while staying completely keto legal wasn't any fun since I just always felt like I was on a diet I never just got to simply enjoy life because my soul Health Focus was always avoiding carbs in order to lose weight now that I follow a more balanced approach the weight is coming off consistently and I don't feel deprived of any of my favorite foods of course that's mostly because it's easy to fit everything that I love into my flexible diet routine reason number three I quit keto is my goals changed when I began a keto lifestyle in 2014 my sole goal was to lose 100 pounds after having my first baby after two decades of yo-yo diets I was interested in finding a sustainable lifestyle so that I didn't have to struggle with weight regain once I reached my goal in the past I thought keto was that sustainable lifestyle in fact all of the keto experts told me keto could be my forever lifestyle I believe that and I fully promoted that but all of that changed once my body revolted and decided that I needed more than 100 carbs daily just to feel like a human once I was ready to improve my health my goal was no longer to lose weight no matter what it took after hitting stage four of adrenal burnout I just wanted to have enough energy to take my kids to the park that led me to new routines that helped me focus on my Health First Once I felt better I decided that when I took off the weight I no longer wanted to deal with constant rebound weight even if it's only in the 10 to 20 pound range that's why these days my focus is more about building than restricting these days my ultimate focus is to build up my metabolism with a move more eat more approach this method sets me up for long-term weight loss while also building a healthy body in the process and it works I recently had my metabolism tested at dexofit the RMR tests showed that I'm actually a fast metabolizer even though that seems nearly impossible as a woman in my 40s the test showed that I burned nearly 250 calories more at rest than someone of my age height and weight is expected to burn now in case you're not near a calculator that means I burn more than two pounds of extra fat each month by eating more food so if you're wondering exactly how I eat more in order to build a strong metabolism drop a line below I'll send the four things that I focused on to help build a strong metabolism which makes shedding fat a much easier process

  Top Comments:
  1. @FrankZen [6 likes]: Very interesting. I experienced very similar over time. The initial results were awesome but I do think it becomes unsustainable over time.  I'm still fairly low carb but I don't restrict anymore.
  2. @jamesalles139 [5 likes]: ketosis shouldn't be the goal.
Metabolic flexibility is the key.
There is nothing wrong with seasonal cycles.
  3. @nissagraun [2 likes]: Want to learn the 4 top tactics I used to get the scale moving again post keto? Drop a line below and I'll send you the link to my free guide!
  4. @effectualferventprayer [2 likes]: You are doing Keto the wrong way. The goal of Keto should not be Ketosis but the reduced inflammation you experience. I do Keto but take breaks every Sunday to eat what I want. I fast longer on Monday to reduce the side effect of cheating. I'm enjoying Keto because my goal is not Ketosis but reduced blood sugar and reduced inflammation. I'm the happiest Ketoan in the world because I no longer aim for Ketosis. I don't need it. I don't really check whether I'm in Ketosis or not because I don't need it. My major source of fat is MCT oil, I stay away from heavy meat.
  5. @gemdreamer [2 likes]: I'd like to know the 4 things you focused on to build a strong metabolism.   I have Hashimotos and was on keto for 1 year and lost weight, but never had the energy boost.  I think it kay have been because my carbs were too low.
  6. @ritahughes7054 [1 likes]: I would like the 4 tips that you focus on to build a Strong Metabolism, please ❤
  7. @gnosticbaseball [1 likes]: Interested
  8. @bagm27drano27: calorie restriction does not work for me anymore, i think my metabolism adjusted. last 5 pounds are the hardest for me to lose

- Keto Success Stroies: From 315lbs to 138lbs Using Keto & Intermittent Fasting – Dr.Berg: Kind: captions Language: en every one I have a very special guest Krista is with us and she has an amazing success story and she's one of my health coaches so I'm very interested in talking with you hi Krista how you doing nice to meet you nice meeting you so um can you tell me a little bit about your journey where you were when you first started I know that you're struggling with losing weight can you tell us a little bit about what happened how you got yourself in that situation oh I have been heavy almost as far back as I can remember so most of my adult life even it's a little kid oh you know elementary school and stuff like that but even through middle school and high school and just wait was there any a point was there ever a point like let's say when you first had your first mental cycle or a certain point in your life where else and you started gaining weight was any distinct well I can remember the first time that my mom and I did Weight Watchers and it was right around twelve thirteen years old so okay enough at that point to need to drop something interesting did you have any issue with dimensional cycle at that time like they've never been good so it's kind of been a just a lifelong issue nothing where did you tend to hold the weight was it all over or anyplace initially well all over but more concentrated and probably hips as I area I remember taking measurements and and at one point I was sixty plus inches around so like okay lose my mind now it's like wow yeah that sounds like an ovary body type so you're going along and did you try to diet for many years or tell me like what happened over and over / and you know you lose that 3040 pounds and then it just starts creeping back on and it's like well if if I'm gonna gain it may as well be eating the junk and so I just gave up every time and of course the older you get the harder and harder and harder if not even loose at 30 40 50 pounds absolutely well when was there a turning point when you found was it when you found keto or what tell me like what happened when you you know just in passing one of my husband's co-workers had they were talking about it at work and he had mentioned it to me and I was just looking through Pinterest and popped it in the search bar and one of your videos was right there though Wow which is kind of weird because I'm typically not a video watcher but for some reason I clicked on it and I think it was one of the intro intro to Kido in a minute fasting and I watched it and I remember just thinking that makes a whole lot of sense then I went to your library and watched as many as I could find about Kido and I have and probably shortly thereafter I ordered your book and that's kind of what really sealed the deal for me and I don't know if it was just a book had everything all in one place but after I was done reading it I kinda remember thinking just you know my feeling was like I've been poisoning myself it's like I mean this association with sugar s poison that you know I've just been kind of killing myself slowly right here right here yeah oh my gosh it just uh I don't know it just made sense Wow was there anything in the book more than others that was like a sudden realization that you didn't know like related I don't know insulin or carbohydrates or anything like that well you know yes I think one of my big takeaways from the book was food quality know that kind of really clicked with me that just by eating the non organics and all that that I was making everything worse the sugar you know that was a big takeaway from him but yeah it just the insulin became the enemy now I know well and then you you got obviously got started and kind of tell us how it went when you in how old were you when you started 49 Wow and you got started and then tell us how went from that hold on we started kind of slow and simple lots of eggs trying to think of what else you know cheese you keeping it basic and I did track at the beginning I think I used my fitness pal because I didn't know what 20 carbs or less look like I can't even imagine fryer what we [Music] need to do that 21st first month but I'm trying to with a loss but you know it was it was fairly significant that's pretty good because people have to realize that you really could only lose two pounds that's not a good metabolism per week so people are like oh my husband lost 20 pounds the first week well that was water weight great and I remember that from the video and would kind of know tell myself that it probably not even nine weeks where you know you didn't lose it's like but for us it was real kind of slow slow and steady great and then what was your most you weighed and then what do you weigh now 315 was starting and I'm 5/8 so and then yesterday as 138 that's incredible yeah it's pretty cool that is amazing in those years that that's um we're at almost two years exactly wow that is like that's an entire person I mean that's like it's yeah more than an entire person yeah depending on the person right exactly Wow average sized American male right that's incredible so do people like look at you and go what the heck have I mean cuz they probably remember you so completely different shape of your face and your body and you're like what doc yeah that's a great before-and-after mm-hmm yeah it's it's it's amazing friends and family have jumped up or two it's been successful so you're like a walking billboard I mean who's gonna like say anything like okay whatever you doing I want to do it for sure for sure well both myself and my husband are evidence that it works he plus 160 pounds I need to see his picture before an opportunity if then your success story somewhere ease during the reviews are in the success to town okay I'll look come on what about your how do you feel oh like night and day Wow yeah this is just and I didn't realize how bad I felt until you don't feel so bad anymore right it's just your normal and I would say probably I had chronic swelling in my hands and feet and then I probably went away at about the two months point so and I had dealt with that for years so to me that was just like okay this this is working that's remarkable and so how many times do you eat per day now now I'm back to two meals a day I'm trying to figure out maintenance so trying to find that sweet spot because I lost like eight pounds accidentally but I remember you're talking about that in one of the the maintenance videos that you know it's a little trying trial and error to figure out how much fat to be eating so yeah yeah everyone's different and then how about give me an example of when you eat your timing like your first meal you're sucking milk well we started three meals a day no snacks and we probably eliminated breakfast around that two-month point we just weren't hungry so we just stopped eating breakfast and we have our first meal about one second meal about 6:00 somewhere in there so it's kind of what I'm doing here right now that's great and then you meet example of what you would eat in a meal I made a lot of casseroles just because we could eat for three days on a you know nine by thirteen casserole so we've quite a few casserole recipes that I would make soup breakfast food we tried to vary it but we just eat what we like well so can you tell people as far as the difficulty is it hard doing this lifestyle now in fact it's hard when people compliment me and say oh all your hard work and I really feel like saying this was the easiest weight loss I have ever experienced it really and I don't know if I was just like a setup for it perfectly or something but I mean I didn't have any of the any of the you know no keto flu none of the things that you hear but I also tried to do exactly what you said in the book so the only thing I was concerned about might be a challenge for me as I don't like vegetables okay no it's like I knew I was going to have to come up with a shape compaction to get my vegetables in which I did I was spinach shake every day sometimes two depending on the day and we started nutritionally straight from the beginning so other than we had a few issues with leg cramps that went away well you're just like you're like the perfect example of the result of just doing it correctly because a lot of times people they try to they don't realize it's kind of a technology of just is a formula do it like this and you're gonna avoid this you know you just works because it's based on so many people like we've tested in tens of thousands of people so just do it and you'll see it will work yeah and really the that poison Association is what did it for me I've never had a desire to cheat I can walk back and forth in the candy aisle I know just you know reading about what goes on that food I think I made an association like roundup or something it's like what I ingest roundup no right why would I eat a cupcake right it really is poisonous it is yeah it's interesting you mentioned something in ition we're talking about insulin being the problem and for those of you watching they're new to what we're talking about we're talking about healthy keto and in a minute fasting and even 10 to 15 years before someone gets diabetes type 2 they usually have problems with the eye problems at the kidney problems with the heart blood pressure inflammation and all that happens with excessive amount of insulin but no one ever test for insulin so it go along for 10 to 20 years you develop insulin resistance because too much insulin is very very toxic and then the then they start to get high blood sugar because they fail to have insulin to regulate properly so now we get the icing on the cake literally is the added glucose high sugar that destroys the body in addition to high insulin so I always tell people if you're new to list when you go to the doc literally force them to test your fasting insulin and if it's above 5 then you know you have a big problem and sometimes it's like 15 20 and that insulin is just like destroying the the retina doing the kidney and dementia but the blood sugars are normal so you gotta look at the whole picture and understand the mechanism how about how about loose skin do you do have a lot of it a little bit a little bit not a lot I mean for what I've lost you know I know people who've had gastric bypass and literally end up having to have pounds of skin removed and it just continues to improve so that's why I don't want to go back to three meals a day you still want to keep as much of the benefits as I can because it just keeps improving well yeah that's right so people whether you do it on if you do it healthily the skin should come back just like because it's an organ it's healing just like everything else and also you you got training as a trained as the health coach Aikido health coach you're one of my coaches did you complete just okay okay great well I'm excited to have you do that just because someone like you that has the reality of being there and how many people would just love to pick your brain and say okay what do I do next because I want to look like you I mean that's incredible what what age are you know 51 that's incredible incredible when I started so I bet you know what I thought was gonna be a challenge but wow it seemed to be I mean just like in the before pictures you just look so much older it's just amazing if you said that the interesting thing when you were talking about the eye issues those pictures were taken in 2005 I avoided cameras so there's not a lot of before pictures floating around but it's kind of ironic that I used those because I would we took those because I was trying to lose weight counting calories or some traditional method because I had like out of nowhere an episode of optic neuritis where my eyes were not tracking right and so of course everyone went right - that's probably a mess it's probably a mess Wow so all this testing and whatnot but I didn't have a lot of the other indicators of MS I didn't you know no lesions showed up on the MRIs and spinal tap was good so but everyone was still is probably a mess trauma sure I highly suspect that it was probably sugar that I was so sugar and so toxic yes that you know I've been fun Wow Wow yeah time will tell on that you can't say anything 100% certainty but yeah we'll see yeah yeah well high sugar high insulin targets the blood vessel from the eye which affects the nerves in the eye and so you start having all sorts of inflammatory eye conditions macular degeneration retinopathy same with the kidneys anything with the hard seeing with the brain so sounds sounds like that's what probably happened wow this is this an amazing you get so well and I really just want to get you on to get your story I appreciate you just following through and not cheating along the way like everyone else no desire still don't just everything people need to realize that if they do what you say everything you said is is how it was at least for me you know your hunger do this correctly in your hunger will go away it did your cravings will go away it did Wow Richard seven to ten cups of veggies or as close as you can I you know I'll be honest I probably don't get quite that much but I've never had any issues like I said other than you know a little bout with leg cramps it's a very beginning one has been it and what you said would happen has happened and I mean I never thought to this level you know I was like oh if I could if I could just get out of Plus Sizes oh yeah yeah right well this is so great yeah it's really been awesome and thanks to you you know you're welcome just amazing well that's it just definitely my reward just for doing is just to get your results I mean that's what I do this for I just love to hear that and you know I got the email from you in my plan I hate to do the whole interview I'm just your story because it's it's amazing so I think it's gonna have a lot of people that they're watching now there's currently inspire them to do this so thank you I appreciate that thank you you're welcome

  Top Comments:
  1. @ElaineEC [44 likes]: I am 72. I have stage 4 cancer, severe osteoarthritis in my hips & hands, and I’m on dialysis 3x a week.  I started Keto 10 days ago because I just felt SO bad & thought a diet change certainly couldn’t hurt. The joint pain is almost gone! In just 10 days. I feel 100% better. I wish I did this years ago. Keto won’t cure cancer or give me back functioning kidneys but I don’t  feel sick every single day. And that’s given me a life again.  I don’t miss the carbs at all
  2. @Philliesfandom [2 likes]: What an amazing journey!  Congratulations!!  I’m almost 2 months in and down 34lbs and feeling amazing!
  3. @kathyburrell9912 [2 likes]: I'm 72 years  I just started this week.  Before, my weight fluctuated up and down 2 lbs because of the carbs. After starting keto/if my weight stabilized and I lost 5 lbs in 5 days. My biggest reward is saving my good health. Weight loss is a super plus. I have 50 lbs to loose and am now pretty optimistic.
  4. @radiantlife1111 [1 likes]: I’ve been following a no sugar, no flour, no processed foods, 16:8, and super low carb a little over 3 months. I’ve lost  25 pounds, am never hungry, feel amazing, and having tried EVERYTHING for almost 25 years…finally found a way!

I didn’t have perimenopause symptoms like I thought! It was all food-related. I have no symptoms whatsoever.

Took doctors over 25 years to test for insulin resistance and leptin resistance. I always had normal blood sugars and A1-C so no one checked. I had both. Immediately changed my habits.
  5. @KetoCookbooksCorner [1 likes]: It's incredible to see the physical transformation, but also the positive impact on overall health and well-being. It's a reminder that making sustainable lifestyle changes can lead to incredible results.
  6. @655Lucky [1 likes]: great journey!
  7. @Majorhavoktv [1 likes]: Wow what an inspiration to me to start Keto. I am currently 340 lbs. and want to be around 200. I will start today!
  8. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  9. @lerpbanderp: Can't watch it. 5 minutes in and it's like pulling teeth to get her talking.
  10. @joannamelchiorre9989: Great video!!! Thank you!
  11. @thechef-i5u: How tall is she
  12. @sheri8048: I'm inspired. I have 6-8 pounds I could lose. I wonder if this program could help me?
  13. @jeffocarroll7848: Nice to see the OEC's. :)
  14. @emmyty: Ugh...the dog...really?!
  15. @kikinc32: Great interview. She looks amazing (and reminds me of Selma Blair with silver hair). 😊
  16. @rross145: Hmmm. Weight Watchers at 13 with her mom.
  17. @mrutherford8590: I was loosing a pound every 3 days. I eat some doughnuts for a few days and I gained a few pounds. That was a test for me to stay away from all sugar.
  18. @GeauxCarnivore: I have lost 92lbs doing keto and fasting, but I gained it all back. Now, I can’t start again no matter what. I’ll do good for about 2-4 days and then fall off the wagon again.
  19. @karenkaye9549: That dog is too annoying
  20. @nedutchgirl: I wished they talked about how a cheat meal was handled.  Probably easier because husband was on-board.  My husband has no interest, so I am doing this journey on my own.  I try to cook meals I can enjoy with husband and son, so we eat together.  The biggest difference is I eat a huge salad with the meal.  I can my son is leaning towards my style of eating.  He is in an active school as a lineman, so must keep up energy levels to climb poles on a daily basis.

- Keto Success Stories – Lost 80 Pounds On Keto – Dr. Berg's Skype Interview With Jennifer Rogers: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys I'm back with another great Skype interview and this time we're going to talk to Jennifer Rogers so hi Jennifer welcome thanks dr. Berg thanks for having me on today absolutely hey can you tell us a little bit about your story of what happened like when did it start and then what happened after that it happened at a very long time ago I've actually been battling my weight for 31 years I went on my first diet my mother put me on my first attempt at an organized for-profit business when I was always had weight issues I've tried everything in the book everything legal everything not-so-legal last year was a very difficult year for me I was in the process of saying farewell to my mom she unfortunately passed away in April at late March due to complications from multiple health issues autoimmune or apathy COPD heart failure all that stuff and I was just disgusted with myself at my husband and I we had gone out and we had seen pictures of each other and I was I was lying to everybody saying that I was 225 pounds sure add a couple 25 to that and you would have been fine I mean I couldn't sleep at night I couldn't I was getting up in the middle of the night with those diabetic tremors just going downstairs and eating food and sanely we got a new mattress because we thought the mattress was bad and no it was just the weight on my bones the arthritis was just horrible yeah and we both I was destitute and we were went out to dinner with some friends and my husband was like well I'm gonna try out games and the friend said well hey try this stuff called keto and we're like what is that and so my husband started at first two weeks before I'm like listen you started I'm terrible at diets I never succeed on any of them fine then we went and started with a new direct primary care physician and he was actually also very kedo supportive and after hearing my history of weight issues diet challenges my health concerns my diagnosis he's like please just give give keto a month I said fine you know I whatever I'll just try the stuff I'll humor you guys I'm just gonna fail again I had a call in to work with one of the local bariatric surgeons lo and behold Kido clicked Wow yeah can you tell me were you overweight like five years old or six what did it was it since birth or was there a certain time when you're a little kid that you started noticing you staring anyway you know um it was mainly my mother always said that I look like an emaciated baby but I if you picked me up I felt very heavy unfortunately my mother had a very poor self-image of herself and she projected that onto me and projected the obesity on to me it really started when I started going through puberty I was never a a petite small frame child I was a medium frame child but I was a child of the 70s and we hate grains and we're Italian Irish so there was carbs carbs carbs everywhere convenience foods it was a very poor environment I was in but when I was about 12 my mom saw that I was getting pudgy things weren't working out quite well and that's when she started me on the diets unbeknownst to both of us as I matured that's when I was diagnosed with a comorbidity of PCOS with primary amenorrhea so right then and there without knowing what PCOS I actually wasn't diagnosed with PCOS until my early 20s but I had the primary Inman area right there but that right there was the the indicator and hind side of the insulin resistance and the PCOS Wow now did you have heavy periods around that same time do you have any issue with your periods right before you started kind of noticing your weight was going up at primary memory is the complete absence of a menses I've never had I never had a natural men seized on my own until too taquito what's the only way I tried eight years of infertility I was on birth control pills the endocrinologists said oh you just need to go on these birth control pills we'll manage your you know keep you regular keep everything clean and then when you get off we'll give you this magic pill called clomid that'll work great you'll get pregnant no eight years of infertility multiple tries of clomid 8iu is and to IVFs I was not successful I would successfully conceive but I would miscarry because my progesterone levels were extremely low so I that was the only way I could ever have a cycle was through medication so so we're not like 11 or 12 or 13 you didn't even have any cycles at all no I had a complete I had no signs you can see that the estrogen was coming in I was developing body hair I was developing my breasts I was by all appearances I was developing just like my peers unfortunately I never experience the natural menses wow that's fascinating so here you are you going through your let's say your late teens and then your 20s and so you basically what age did you start having that have your first period again I never I did not have in my first natural menses until April 30th 2016 and I just turned 43 okay and the reason being was the release of the estradiol in the first month of Kido and since then I have not had a natural menses again Wow so I've been perimenopause since puberty amazing so now what about like like during your 20s you just like try everything like the typical low calorie that Atkins the 8th time I tried every national chain weight loss center I tried the only time I did successfully lose weight unfortunately it was in high school and I developed anorexia bulimia and eating disorders and then I didn't lose weight and the stress of that eating actually triggered my epilepsy so I also have partial complex seizures that could not be regulated through medication actually through diet and and sleep and other natural manipulations I was fine but yeah throughout my entire life I've tried the Weight Watchers I've tried the Jenny Craig the Nutrisystem I've tried to b12 injections I've tried starving myself I've tried yeah whatever cockamamie you know the cabbage diet the soup diet the you know ice chips and bread err i if you can make it up I tried it and nothing ever worked Wow so so last year this is when you started with 2016 you found keto what weight were you at your peak was it last year yes I was any I'd say 240 to 250 okay when I've started with the my direct primary care physician I had already I started eliminating and reducing like the sodas and some of the cards just by association because my husband and what he was cooking when I officially weighed it was like 225 but before that earlier in the year I was easily 240 250 Wow so so you started the keto did you also do in a minute fasting at the same time or did you kind of do that later but then after the first month within by week 4 or 5 we we stumbled across the intermittent fasting and we started adhering to it and and can do a 16-8 very easy I tried to do at least in 18 6 2 to 3 times a week Wow so did you did the weights start coming off right away or did it take a while for it to start kicking in because of my insulin resistance and my metabolic syndrome and so forth I was not I'd started with the infamous B pcs in the morning I was not losing the weight I was getting frustrated eliminated the B PCs and the also through trial-and-error just lowered my carb intake to 12 to 15 window so instead of doing 20 grams a day I was trying to my goal was 12 XS up to 15 as soon as I started lowering that the weight started coming off okay yeah and so so you started losing weight and then what are you waiting on one forty five oh my gosh that's incredible yep that is I've maintained that for the past three to four months so I'm I'm out of maintenance with my weight as of right now right now I'm working on strength training and toning building up the muscle mass incredible that's actually miraculous if you have people like coming up to you and just that knew you before just kind of like is that you what I've had that happen yes several times I've been open about my journey doing this and I've helped several friends skin on the keto bandwagon in fact I have two really good friends we met up for a weekend actually three of us we met up for a ketose girls weekend did some cooking lessons took them out challenging them to eat in restaurants and trying some new recipes and stuff combined at the time in June we had combined lost over 250 pounds that's that's miraculous that's incredible especially yeah like the all these years and Olson you just you know still in your forties you're still able to do it and you just found this thing I'm amazing yeah I mean if I had not done it I don't know where I would be today I can just imagine the prominence of all the autoimmune issues that were just I could in hindsight again looking at the symptoms and the feelings that I was having definitely I was on the road for some some really massive health issues at this point oh my gosh what other health benefits have you had in addition to the weight loss I like to say we like to refer the weight loss as the gravy my anxiety depression I am no longer taking any medications for that I have battled anxiety depression mental health issues my entire life my epilepsy is gone I have not had any auras I would have as many would call petit mall I would go catatonic or it would almost be like a twitch or Tourette's jerk what was i I was having I've not had any of those I suffered from chronic sinusitis and severe allergies and where the chronic sinusitis would emerge and present itself as a massive migraine haven't had many of those not taking anymore allergy medication for that I've had psoriasis and that's all gone as well so my labs have come back great so and then the then I've had some changes with the hormones as well we've been we've been tweaking that and working on that it's really been interesting how over the year my body it's very evident how the hormones they AB and they flow as my body is still trying to to regulate itself oh yeah I could imagine I mean let's just let's just bring up the topic of anxiety depression mood disorders I mean this happens all the time the amount the direct relationship between your mood and insulin in some blood Sugar's low blood sugars mm-hmm I mean it's probably so high as a cause-and-effect relationship and people just don't connect the dots they live their whole life on meds and they don't really know that you get off that sugar you fix in some resistance your mood just I mean I don't know what you feel but it just brings people up well yeah I mean I will be honest with everybody I am a survivor I'm a semi-colon survivor I battled it I battled the demons my entire life it could be at a drop of a hat where I could have a massive mood swing and and the smallest situation would be a trigger it doesn't and especially with food and I can now more sensitive and aware of my stressors where I may want something and I'm not turning to the food anymore the food is not the comfort level for me I'm at the food is not controlling me I'm controlling the food where I'm learning how to reward my I've learned how to reward myself without food as the prize just the societal impact of everywhere we go everybody wants to eat eat eat and it gets extremely disturbing now that you take those blinders off you take that that and you see how food regulates and controls everybody that even knows that even think that they're healthy and oh we're going to celebrate with this drinking or this food or that food I'm like no let's do something else my sleep is amazing I had I guess I should have been tested really for sleep apnea I never was I used to be a horrible snore and I remember that weekend away I've known one of the girls since I was a teenager and she actually woke me up she thought I had stopped breathing because I wasn't snoring and I would wake myself up a story I'm also strep positive and I have not had an outbreak of strep at all I would normally at least two three times a year start off with the sinus infection that would relocate and turn into bronchitis I've not had that at all this year so it's it's really hard to pinpoint all the small idiosyncrasies that I suffered from pre Kito that I've had not experienced this year at all amazing I mean I still had the same inhaler I'm sorry I saw the same inhaler since last year I have not had to use it for my asthma I love it that's amazing what when's your first meal what time do you eat I usually get up between 5:00 and 5:30 I do not have an opportunity to eat until 10:00 10:30 in the morning okay so I usually am in a window actually between 10:00 to 5:00 is when I primarily eat and then in the evening I might have a cup of black coffee or tea just something warm and hot and then I'm done for the day awesome and you doing a snacking or anything like that nope nope and you find that your hunger is less like you can just like your it's more comfortable to go from one meal to the next yeah the only a lot of it is mental as well but no I don't have those hunger pains of those days rain you would wake up and go oh I'm starving I need to eat this I'm looking forward to eat this this this you know it'll be like oh shoot it's 11 o'clock I really should eat right about now and then even then I'm not truly hungry I don't feel those hunger pains I don't feel that desire of oh I must eat something it's you know you've retrained your your body retrains itself physically and emotionally and mentally again where you're in control of the food and you know when you should eat before you get to those hunger pains yeah I'm not mine not feeling those insulin spikes at all ever doctor that's amazing how about about cravings do you have any cravings I do I do and they're all fat driven you know I'll make a nice alfredo sauce or like earlier my husband asked what we wanted for dinner is I'm like I want a nice filet with some blue cheese and mushrooms and a big old slab of butter next to it he's like that's my girl so I mean that's what I crave or water truly I I drink over 90 to 120 ounces of water a day and that and I don't want anything I can't to be honest I cannot even go down the grocery aisle where they have the boxed can cereals or cookies you can smell the sugar just emanating from those boxes and it mate literally makes me nauseous now disgusting and if you told me that a 18 months ago I would have laughed in your face oh I could imagine I think you probably the biggest problem is to find what to use to scoop the butter out to eat it right it's like okay how can I eat that butter other than experiment we have a butter crocks we haven't nice and soft to go and yeah I'm I'm not inhibited at all I'm not ashamed to put butter on anything in fact I went out to a restaurant the other day and I had a cheeseburger Mike you know that side of butter and they looked at me they're like what you want mayonnaise mustard like no I don't want your over-processed mayonnaise I want butter and it's delicious you know put the butter on the eggs put the butter on the cheeseburger butter is good that's amazing when he went into ketosis did you go through any type of changes like fatigue as your body shifted over you know I was very blessed and no I did not my husband went through keto the Nikita withdrawal to Kino bug I've known one of my cousin's I helped I helped get started on this she went through that I never experienced any of it Wow now I will tell you that if I get any hidden sugars I am highly reactive and you know I am not perfect I have dabbled I have indulged in carbage before and I feel it the next day the first time I did I had one cookie that I used to love and adore within two hours I had a migraine massive migraine and the next day I had anxiety I was like oh I need medication like why and even to this point if I I don't like going out to eat at restaurants because of all the preservatives and chemicals they put in the next day I can definitely feel the eggs you know I will feel anxious go well what did I eat why do I feel off-kilter oh wait I ate this let me look it had hidden sugars or something to it so I mean I just have to tell everyone there is watching you know the whole thing about being perfect the whole goal is to not necessarily you know be the in this mindless constantly eating like the people that get into this habit of not even being completely out of control so as long as you're willing you know I'm gonna eat that I'm gonna react to it but you're doing it causative ly like you know it's gonna happen you're not like unaware and you're like oh I knew that was gonna happen you know I just gained a pound of water weight okay you get that's for me and you know I I have high respect for people like my husband who have never deviated who have never cheated for me I know I'm a food addict I'm an emotional eater so break that addiction to the foods I mean I have taken a piece of bread you know what is something that I used to love I'm craving it I really want it okay there it is let me taste it I put in my mouth and go and I analyze why did I want this it doesn't taste the same first of all is it the texture isn't that this and I kind of break that emotional connection to it and I'm done and I move on I actually end up spitting the food out and for those that have stuck with keto long enough and that have deviated and have had off days the repercussions once you experience you know the headaches the anxiety whatever your old symptoms were you've learned your lesson that you don't want to do it again and in fact if you love your body enough time it retrains itself now for me a treat is a frozen raspberry one frozen raspberry I will put in my mouth and it is it just totally that's my piece of candy and I'm fine with one raspberry Wow I agree it's like um you know the you have two things you have the habit of doing it for so long it's ingrained as a memory all the pleasures whatever temporarily I don't have the physical craving that your body demands it so you're able to distinguish the two and like oh do I really want this no but I kind of remember what that like that might have been interesting to eat that and get the sensation like no it's not the same anymore like it you see so yeah I hear what you're saying yep that's awesome and I've actually helped influence my father my 80 year old father and he's done kind of sloppy keto he lost over 30 pounds he dropped his a1c I think almost by two whole points Wow and now we actually are working with our son who is autistic intellectually disabled he has some behavior and cognitive issues and we have been converting him on taquito and trying to help improve those you know through various studies that we're seeing that are emerging of how with autism and the inflammation and the neurotransmitter is how keto can help and especially that's how keto started was to help children with pull up see another benefit that I've had that my vision has impaired has improved I've worn glasses since I was five so for 39 years and my optometrist was amazed that my stigmatism improved by over three points in my left eye I was mirror to legal blindness and now it's improved by three points just through Kido amazing for those people that don't understand that there's a couple reasons for that if you take a look at a person with blood Sugar's with high insulin with insulin resistance they usually have damage with the retina also keto intermittent fasting is neuroprotective you can actually regenerate nerve cells and your your retina is an extension of your brain and it's all nerve tissue so you're getting more circulation you're getting both you know more nerve supply so that's that's awesome I'll have to I'll be curious to how your your son does over time and then also your husband he was interesting because he if I'm not mistaken he had a genetic problem with cholesterol and he's stuck with it for months I think I was like seven or eight months and then it actually got better and better and better so it just goes to show you that even if you have a genetic weakness you can improve things so right yeah it's amazing all the different we take for granted now the benefits of keto that it's so ingrained into us now how it how it overall is helping us you know and especially with the etaf adji the hardest part for me was the hair because of the trauma that I went through with healing my body in the chemo I did experience the dreaded hair loss but it's coming even better now and actually I've had straight hair my entire life and now I actually have developed a lot of curl in my hair as well so but for anybody that is afraid of hearing that about the hair loss please let them know it's simply temporary you talk about like in a minute fasting or kita hair loss yeah I noticed just shy of about what eight ten months I started losing more and more of my hair and it really send out especially up in this area my hairdresser who has been my hairdresser for over ten years was amazed at how my hair she's seen that the journey of quito with me and how my hair has actually changed how I did lose a significant amount of it but then how its come back in in a totally different texture different shade of color and everything Wow so yep and I checked with my doctor and he and he agrees that it's due to it's related to you know losing close to 100 pounds in in that year window but it's just literally your body's getting rid of all those old cells and things that were created before you know keto and just regenerating and healing that's amazing amazing story Jennifer I really appreciate you sharing because it's like there's a lot of people are in the same boat and just hearing you they're gonna want to do this so and I fit my wedding dress is too big my wedding dress from 22 years ago is too big on me now I remember trying it on it I couldn't even zip it up I couldn't even get around me and now I put it on and it went out it has to be taken in so wow that's a good problem to have yeah I never thought in a million years I thought that this was you know you know was the fly-by-night the diet du jour it is not it is it's anybody everybody that I talked to I encourage them to give it a try it's how we should be it's truly everybody can benefit from it it's eye-opening it's helped us heal ourselves physically it's opened our eyes to how we really should be treating our body holistically in totality and I wish everybody would just give it an opportunity if you can give it a month to three months you're not going to regret it definitely not gonna regret it that's right awesome well thank you so much Jennifer for this interview this is great yeah wow this is just as this is like bordered on miracle I mean it's actually a miracle that will happen it's just incredible like a hundred pounds coming off your body so well done yeah yeah and again I've tried every single the only time truly I before this I was ever successful was doing the infertility shots and that's but I was on massive follow stem and Burton X I mean my body was so resistant to even those drugs to get me to to stimulate for the follicles that was the only time that my faceplate you know my skin cleaned up my hair was glowing my the weight loss would come off was all for those drugs and the reproductive endocrinologists the only answer they had is just lose 10% of your body weight and put going on that form and you're good to go and I had such a vile reaction to the metformin it was horrible so gosh yeah Wow well better late than ever you finally figured it out and now here you are so that's what that's awesome cool well thank you thanks so much no problem and I'll send us email those pictures off to you in a little bit okay thanks alright thank you have a good one you too

  Top Comments:
  1. @edenlittle8077 [5 likes]: I lost 40lbs on keto, then had a very bad accident where I couldn’t walk for 3-4 months. I gained back all my weight due to depression and I couldn’t walk and exercise. I also was not allowed to go on any special diets per the doctor’s recommendations. So when I gained my weight back, and learned how to walk again, I got into a deep depression. It took me a year to strengthen my mind. Now, I got my head right and back in the game. I am currently back on keto for the past 2 days. I know this works and I felt great when I was on keto. Food tasted better once I cut out all processed foods and sugar. Todays guac and salad tasted amazing. I know I can lose that 40lbs I gained quickly and more. My goal is definitely 80lbs. Stay motivated everyone. If I can recover from this bad experience, I know you guys can do better than me. Motivate yourself and always watch positive Channels to help you project in your goals! We can get through this together!
  2. @Drberg [2 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  3. @connieh.4212 [2 likes]: She looks like she’s aging backwards!
  4. @HumanBeingPresent [1 likes]: I just started keto again. I have a different mentality this time. Thanks Dr. Berg
  5. @nicustroh [1 likes]: that is great my target is: in 9 months or less go from 95 kg to 75 kg (I am 180 cm). I have done keto before and I have dropped weight before (during a severe depression episode i think it took very few months when i just could not eat, was in my head all the time). Since then I put weight, I stopped alchool 2.x weeks ago, restarted keto few days ago, and ready for the ride, I give myself plenty of time so I can take it easy. By easy I mean 3 meals a day, an occasional potato or fruit. But of course sugar is excluded, just like any outright carb, just like anything processed.
  6. @Kaydailyy [1 likes]: Dr.berg I’m your new subscriber and I’m here for my health issue and I’m ready to start doing keto!🥹by the way thank you for sharing your video.
  7. @Sumeria_9 [1 likes]: WOW!Great interview and she sure looks healthy now.
  8. @deogratiasshija5897 [1 likes]: This keto thing ..is real ...i just tried it partially but it worked very properly...guys it works
  9. @tob855: Worked miracles for my parents. My dad dropped 30 lbs and says ALL his muscle and joint pain is gone. It’s been over a year and he’s 82. I’ts become a lifestyle for them and they love it.
  10. @LeticiaVasquez-f9p: Did she say 12-15g of carbs a day?
  11. @nickiekovaleski2734: ❤ this Video 
Great Information 
Thank You for sharing
  12. @denisebarker9288: They both look fabulous ❤🎉
  13. @LalaleePEACE: Congratulations! I’ve never heard of someone with many disorders 😮
  14. @charlotte-CB: Like her I gained weight from PCOD later called PCOS which was diagnosed about age 23. At 12 I was 88lbs. 3 months later 125 then a couple months later 150. I did have periods occasionally but was a wreck never knowing when it would start. At 16 my mom took me to a doctor for the first time who put me on birth control which gave me monthly periods and lost some weight
  15. @Rachel-m4o1d: I have hypothyroidism and autistic, was also infertile. I'm now 57 y.o. Now from +- end 2022 I'm on keto and i.fasting. Is it beneficial for me to do 1 meal a day or one meal every other day with keto while hypothyroidism? 
I don't take any levothyroxine from July 2025 anymore as I experienced bad symptoms on my heart due to levothyroxine and still I'm suffer regular hypothyroidism I eat any carbs at all, strict keto suffer puffiness on my body and walking regularly?I
  16. @RebeccaAustin-m6g: This makes me sad because I also spent my life in perimenopause with PCOS, Type 2 diabetes, depression and anxiety, and no doctor helped until I went to a holistic doctor. I am again struggling with my health after retirement with the fear of developing diabetes complications. Right now my eyes and my fatty liver and my A1C are specifics I need to address. It is really difficult to begin, but I have tried different diets and lost weight, only to gain it back.  This has been very helpful to know that others in the same boat as I have been successful.
  17. @catec3102: I love how YouTube interrupted this video with a Wegovy ad.... 🤦‍♀️
  18. @bojangles7735: What is BPC???
  19. @lizevandeven7904: so amazing to hear the healing and overall helth improvement - so happy her!
  20. @wearecreatorz5688: Uff the list was extra long for her health issues! This is my second time watching this, maybe my third. It’s so inspiring!

- Dr. Eric Berg's Success Story with Angela Hightower: Kind: captions Language: en my name is Angela Hightower uh I'm just turned I'm 48 years old and I've always I guess been not really uh obese but as a child I grew up a chubby child and throughout life like in the 20s I kind of slimmed down a little bit and then by mid-40s start to spread out I mean I tried other other uh methods uh Weight Watchers and it did work for a while you know and then comes back so I had uh gone to see my primary care doctor and I got on a scale and I weigh 200 lb and I had never weighed 200 lb in my life so I was like something has to be done and I also have a history of high blood pressure and hypertension and it's also in my family so keeping with those things in mind I knew I had to make some changes um in my lifestyle and for my weight so I was about to to sign up again with Weight Watchers and I had seen Dr Berg couple of times on TV and then I heard a radio commercial about the free consultation so I decided to uh come in and see what Dr Berg's program was about the first visit was uh was on a Friday my office was kind of busy um after the well the initial test kind of scared me you know I I didn't really know what to expect having the the stress tests and all that but once I got through that and had you know a one-on-one with Dr Berg I um I felt good about the program I felt that it wasn't like a a fluke or scam um and I actually asked him how did he get into doing this type of um Healthcare so I was yeah the first visit was impressive present I learned from the first visit that I already uh had uh some of the methods in place but I just didn't know how and what really resonated with me was by talking to Dr Berg and getting the book and I had a guide so I had a guide that I could follow and and um that was good if you want to learn more about your body body and to keep your body healthy I would encourage everyone to stop by and see it

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.

- Dr. Eric Berg's Success with Tracy Moreland: Kind: captions Language: en um my name is Tracy Morin I live um in the area I live in Stafford I'm relatively new to the east coast I've been here just a couple of years um Dr bur uh I go to CPC 7th Adventist Church and Dr Berg would come and do seminars at our church and so I had been to a couple of his seminars and decided that I had a few questions and concerns that you know he might be able to address or help me with so um I decided to come here my sister and I we came together and um to you know address some of my health concerns um some of the things that I will um had concerns with or wanted a little help with um I wanted to lose some weight not a whole lot of weight but about 20 lbs that I've been struggling with back and forth um I was having a lot of trouble with sleep I did not have good quality sleep at all um hot flashes um I was taking some um an herb for hot flashes and night sweat so that was something that I um needed some help with oh my goodness I sleep real good I sleep like a baby now yeah I sleep good because I was having trouble I never had problem falling asleep but I would have trouble staying asleep I would wake up at approximately 4:00 in the morning and he has um in his book um seven principles of fat burning he has a a picture of someone that with my um my concerns the adrenal type he has a picture of someone looking at the clock at 4:00 in the morning and I thought oh my God that's that's me right there and so um no I can go to sleep and either stay asleep or wake up go to the bathroom and go back to sleep and that was something that just I don't know I don't even know how long but I'd been having trouble with sleep for a long time so that that was a big thing for me um I I've lost weight I didn't lose the number of pounds that I was looking to lose however I think with his system it it works different because even though I haven't lost the number of pounds my body is the size that I I'm I'm in the size clothes that I could wear when I had lost that number of pounds so I may have lost only half of the pounds number-wise but my body can fit into those clothes into all my small clothes so I guess it's not about the numbers because um I'm wearing my small clothes so doesn't matter what the scale says Dr Berg is a doctor that believes in a lot of the things that I'm somewhat familiar with and and a lot of things that I knew nothing about so you know I'm totally um um sold out to him you know I believe in what he's saying and what he's doing for sure this is your health you have nothing to lose to come and hear what he has to say you know whether you believe it or not I think a lot of times even if you don't believe something fully you can't help it just it's in there you've heard it and it it um it just makes you um makes you think about it and I think it makes you more aware so even if you don't do things 100% you know when you're doing something that is not the best you're you're fully aware of it and it it it may make you do it less or you know only do it for a moment you know you're not going to just stay in that because you know you know better you know it's not good for you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.

- William Shewfelt Vegan to Keto Carnivore Diet (Benefits Story): Kind: captions Language: en your fourth interview starts I'd like to let you know the discount code I've been given if after listening to the interview you'd like to have a consult with William you can go to his website the carnival shredding program calm and if you enter the coupon code biohacker that's be io h a cker you'll get $10 of a consult hello everyone and welcome to biohackers lab I'm your host Gary Cohen and on today's episode I have William shufelt William is an actor speaker and health and fitness advocate known for his portrayal of Brody the Red Power Ranger on power rangers ninja steel William thank you so much for coming on for an episode for today thank you um really good to speak with you Gary so it's it's sort of later evening for you and it's early morning for me so I'm here chugging some coffee and we'll see how it goes yeah so I know a lot of people I give a really short intro but you've done so much in your time already and people might be wondering are we gonna be talking about Power Rangers today what's going on but this will not be a marketing plug for Power Rangers now so just to let people know this is not the Power Rangers diet that we're going to be talking about today we're gonna be actually talking about your fascinating journey and the things that you've gotten up to which I think listeners are going to really enjoy so just to give people a little bit of background real high-level synopsis is that you've gone from a vegan diet to a carnivore diet and we're going to delve into a lot of those different things today so my first question to you would be what got you interested in a vegan diet to begin with so it's actually funny you asked because I was looking through and I've been looking for these old pictures of mine these pictures were I had severe severe acne at the time this was about when I was maybe 15 or 16 and I'm talking about very severe every single inch of my face was covered in acne and I couldn't find those pictures for years I just found them this morning so it was pretty jarring to UM kind of remember those times but that was actually kind of the thing that really got me interested in the vegan diet it is severe acne was the number one thing and then on top of that I had a lot of gut issues I don't know if I had leaky gut but I definitely had a lot of digestive discomfort and I wasn't eating a very healthy diet this was high school I was pretty much eating you know whatever I could get my hands on spicy chicken sandwiches oatmeal cookies like you know typical sort of junk American food so I went off to college and I decided okay I have enough independence and enough freedom that I can choose my diet from here on out I was making a little bit of income so I decided I want to get rid of this skin issue I want to be able to live a healthy life so what's my best option and at the time there was a lot going on on YouTube with raw vegan diets you know raw till 4 you know different types of Whole Foods plant-based vegan diets so I started doing some more research on them and I got really into dr. Michael Greger work on nutritionfacts.org and I devour just about every video on that site and I fully adopted a Whole Foods plant-based diet that was very rich in organic leafy greens cruciferous vegetable you can think of I was eating I was through so I would make these massive smoothies that would absolutely repulse my my roommates at the time and it was full of leafy greens I throw in tomatoes and beets and ginger root and turmeric flax seeds you know sometimes some Omega threes plant based on mega threes just it tasted horrible but to me I was like if that's what I got to do to keep my skin clear I'm gonna do it if that's what I have to do to be healthy I'm gonna do it because only when you've gone through the pain of being extremely unhealthy and also you know having a very severe skin condition will you realize that you're willing to do just about anything to get rid of it so I go on this vegan diet and Whole Foods plant-based and I do that for about four years and I was extremely strict not once did I cheat I didn't eat any processed foods I didn't eat you know I wasn't doing any sort of junk pretty much there is a lot of vegan junk out there and I wasn't consuming any of that so it was very very strict vegan and I basically did this thing to the best of my ability read so many books watch the documentary studied all the articles online I did the supplementation the b12 the d3 you know I made sure my iron was up there made sure my protein was good I was really doing this thing to the best of my ability over time my health progressively got worse and worse I consistently had a very bloated stomach also very gassy I never felt any real feeling of satiety after meal and I would have to eat these copious amounts of food just huge meals full of fiber and I was consuming probably close to 50 to 75 grams of fiber a day which most people don't get anywhere near that that's a that's a pretty big amount of fiber so to have that amount of bulk in your intestines it was rough it truly was roughage so um I was doing that and things just got worse and worse my energy was getting worse you know every two hours I would just get this really hypoglycemic feeling and I would have to eat no matter what it was I would just have to go eat so I always had to bring snacks with me so finally I get into the first season of Power Rangers I'm now out of college and I'm going through this Power Rangers dig and we have really early call times not to get up super early I'm trying to stay in shape for this it's very stunts heavy martial arts heavy and finally that first season is over and my health is just like it's it's rock bottom it's never been this bad I was completely fatigued and I had so much trouble focusing and I finally realized okay look you got to make a change and that's when I started you know researching different dietary approaches and I stumbled upon ketogenic diets okay so yeah that's a great interest to the the problem you were trying to solve which is why most people adopt a certain way of eating and in your case the biggest trigger was was acne and I can completely relate to that I mean I had severe acne and how to go and Rakuten and cortisone injections when they get really bad and yeah I can I can feel your pain when when you're in that situation you will you absolutely anything to try get your skin right you'll scrub it you'll do whatever anyone says just to stop this thing from happening so just people we move on then with your transition is the carnival did you find the vegan diet improved your skin dramatically absolutely it actually it did wonders for my skin and we can talk a little bit about why that is it's I personally don't believe it's necessarily removing animal products it I think it moreso had to do with removing a lot of inflammatory vegetable oils processed carbohydrates really sort of insulin a genic foods because consider it that I'm I'm not eating I wasn't eating white rice I wasn't eating a bunch of pasta I was getting my carbohydrates from things like sweet potatoes from beans from vegetables so those are also very fibrous and you know if you're on a ketogenic diet you'll know that fiber sort of inhibits that insulin spike a bit so it'll help mitigate that so ultimately I think reducing those insulin spikes that was probably a crucial part of it the antioxidants may have also helped a lot of those plant nutrients so the plant-based diet absolutely helped my skin a ketogenic diet was also fantastic for my skin and I my skin still didn't find on the carnivore so I think ultimately the the underlying lesson is to steer clear of processed foods of you know sort of very refined carbohydrates and especially inflammatory vegetable oils and highly you know refined oils I think that's probably the best thing you can do and other things that I would recommend so you mentioned accutane I also did accutane so I'm sure you also felt you know how you constantly had to put on lip balm so I still carry with me birthdays to this day because my lips were always chapped and you know your skin gets really dry but essentially accutane is very high dose vitamin A and so one of the things I like to do still to this day is to consume a good amount of beef liver because beef liver is also very high vitamin A also in a very bioavailable form and I find that it helps my skin omega threes are also paying a stick so I still do cod-liver oil and I find that helps out as well those are some fantastic actionable tips for any parents also listening to the show right now you have a child the teenager who's going through severe acne and they're just thinking what do we do you know what's able to to the dermatologist but yeah I mean these tips that you're showing now I would I would agree like if I go back to my teenage days I would love someone to tell me this and I would be I do look I do this first oh my gosh I wish somebody told me okay so maybe since we're on the topic can I just throw out a couple more things go for um okay so intermittent fasting helps you reduce insulin levels throughout the day it'll also help go through that process of on top of G where your skin it well basically your body is essentially recycling a lot of damaged or old cells so fasting will absolutely I believe help with acne I also believe that aerobic forms of cardio health because aerobic forms of cardio essentially speed up the fasting mechanism so it has very similar effects on the body as fasting so I really like to encourage zone to cardio which is it's just above that really nice zone one where you're walking and it's very low intensity zone two you kind of kick it up a notch to where it's hiking or it's biking or you know you're walking briskly or maybe it's a light jog so Zone two is often defined as 180 minus your age and then that would be your target heart rate zone so I would recommend that as well and then maybe one last thing you could do just for the antioxidant benefits and antioxidants have been found to be helpful in remedying acne potentially you could do some green tea I like to throw a bunch of teabags in there for green tea make a very strong green tea and then I sometimes squeeze in some lemon in there and I find that that can be helpful as well so yeah those are sort of um that's funny that we got on this tangent but I really really feel for young people that go through you know severe acne because really it was people look at you differently people treat you differently it's it's a huge social stigma and you know parents sort of uh you know well your kid you'll get over it uh you know you'll grow out of it but at the time you don't want to hear that you want to get rid of it immediately so um ya know I mean again thank you for sharing those tips because I know if we were going to go more on this carnivore diet but I mean just because you brought that up it is it's you can think of like all the people following you I mean the age ranges that they follow you and there'll be teenagers who go like I wish I could be like William but my skin is so bad and I'm self-conscious I don't know if I'll be an extrovert and it's like well actually try these things and you know you we can try see if we can get your skin up here and then you can take on the next task and you know do these times that you want to do in life so now I think these are fantastic tips but even here we're doing like teenagers but you know you're gonna have adults listening to this you get adult onset acne too so this is something that they can even try so know fantastic things that you're showing already that's the whole idea behind the show is actionable tips and you're already dropping those knowledge bottoms so that's fantastic so you so you mentioned and bringing transitioning from a vegan diet onto a ketogenic diet and carnivore diet because of your fatigue what was that transition like how did you find that going from in your case because you weren't doing it from an animal animal welfare at the core point of you you were doing it just for general health I guess that yeah it's easier for you to go I'm willing to try this it you didn't have this big problem of going I'm so scared to even touch this meat because I because I I believe I'm doing harm for an animal is that the kind of transition you went through you were okay with it yeah absolutely to me the the suppose it ethical or moral high-ground that you achieve on a vegan diet was sort of like a nice added benefit I thought okay well if I'm helping animals out as well and it's helping my health well this is great and now I actually realize in retrospect that there's a lot more to agriculture and to animal welfare and also to the environmental impacts of you know consuming animals than I thought so being whole food plant-based or vegan might not necessarily always be the best solution for the animals for the planet but that's a long argument it's not something I've studied very well so I'll keep my mouth shut but I can sense trolls already clicking on my Instagram damn you know but so for me yes it wasn't necessarily for ethical reasons it was for health reasons so I didn't face any strong moral dilemmas when I began to consume animal products again but I was concerned about my health so ultimately I sort of reached a compromise with myself where I said look I'm young let me give this a little bit of time let me experiment with this I'm not going to get cancer in a year I'm I'm not going to severely damage my health by by suddenly consuming meat so let me just give it a shot and obviously the more research I did into it then you realize ketosis is fantastic for you know helping treat cancer and it's fantastic for your health in general so I started to realize what I was doing was actually a great thing health-wise but it's it's funny the way I did this I'm always a little bit extreme with how I apply things so when I decided to go on to this ketogenic diet there was no incremental gradation or I didn't slowly titrate down to to getting into a state of ketosis it was one day of eating a you know ton of greens and apples and sweet potatoes and all that kind of stuff - the next day I literally had two steaks and two of these chicken I think these skewers where they have a ton of little chicken things on them I didn't know much about high fat at the time so I just figured I'll just eat a ton of animal protein and the truth is I always tell people listen a lot of people think I must be lying but I felt fantastic I didn't have any digestive issues with it a lot of people thought I would get sick or I would get constipated or keto flu would hit me like a train I really felt pretty great and I didn't really have any issues with it so that surprised me I was really looking forward to seeing what happens to my body when I start to consume meat again and pretty much what happened in that first week was I like I said I was going extreme with this so I was eating I was going one meal a day I would fast all day and I would train while I was fasted doing cardio and weightlifting and then about 8 p.m. at night I would consume a huge meal of you know steak maybe throwing some avocado I would do you know maybe some eggs some bacon and pretty much what I thought a ketogenic diet was I didn't it was later that I started to do bulletproof coffees and stuff like that so I would do that and the first thing I noticed was I was dropping weight very fast so obviously the water weight came out of me I didn't know much about a higher salt so the water weight just flushed right out of me and then I was also dropping a ton of fat by doing that one meal a day sort of protocol along with the fasted lifting and cardio so this sounds crazy to a lot of people but I think within a week I dropped about maybe 10 pounds I might have dropped 10 pounds in a week and people might think that's that's impossible well if you combined the water weight with the fat loss and then the fact that I'm eating about one meal a day and these are high-protein lower fat low extremely low carb meals it's very possible you know boxers do this all the time people trying to make weight cut for sport and do this all the time so yeah I drove up quite a bit of weight and to me that was that was something I wanted to do as well because I really wanted to get that kind of lean and ripped physique so I was like okay I found the Holy Grail this is fantastic doesn't require me to drink these disgusting smoothies and one of the most amazing things was the whole bloated feeling completely a thing of the past you know you consume a bunch of animal protein and fat and my stomach would just stay flat I didn't have a bloated feeling there was no gas eNOS it really was just a great process for me so that was kind of what the transition looked like and I think my body slowly over time probably became more efficient with ketones and with fat metabolism so yeah that was pretty much how the transition went for me yeah and it sounds interesting because I guess when people think I think of a ketogenic diet I guess I did the same thing when I first adopted it was you go more on the high-fat side so you're just trying to consume bucket loads of butter and you know all kinds of oils and stuff but it sounds like you actually went in more at the Quito Carnival routes you went more you know yeah higher protein which is interesting too so it's a different way that people are even now adopting a ketogenic diet more from a carnival route to like higher protein levels yeah and yeah a common question would be to I've been eating vegan for so long like do I make enough enzymes am I going to be able to break down the fat the protein and it sounds like yeah you didn't have any issues often multiple years of eating that way too so it's grateful for people to hear that so would you say would you classify yourself now the way that you eat more as ketogenic carnivore is that sort of how you would say youth it is I recently saw a term by I don't know if you're familiar with dawn Mata's or Don metas he publishes a lot of fantastic content online about carnivore diets a gigantic diets and he's sort of coined this term of the hyper carnivore diet and I think that would actually be a pretty reasonable description of what I do nowadays so it's definitely not the steak and water diet that's that's not really how I approach carnivore I absolutely do the basis of what I eat is red meat eggs and then in smaller amounts I'll consume some high fat dairy and not really milk but more so cottage cheese hard cheeses occasional Greek yogurt and then I'll also do like poultry bacon pretty much things like that so that's the majority of my diet but it really all revolves around red meat eggs oh and of course I do beef liver probably about 2 or 3 times a week and then on top of that occasionally I'll add these in just rarely when I feel like I should and that'll be low sugar fruit so things like um maybe some berries maybe some tomatoes cucumbers avocados things like that so it's it's not like full-on carnivore don't touch a plant because I've found for me I don't necessarily have I don't think I have the autoimmune issues that a lot of carnivores do have a lot of carnivores get on the diet because that's the only food they can tolerate you know I told you about the vegan diet for me so clearly I can tolerate huge amounts of plant food so yeah for me I find that I feel best when I really stick to a higher protein a pretty high fat and extremely low carbohydrate diet that works best for me okay and are you still on the one meal a day program or are you eating more meals a day have you adjusted that way yeah so for me it's usually one to two meals a day I do prefer to Train fasted so usually I'll train at some time in the morning and then I'll just wait throughout the day until I feel like strong hunger and then I'll decide to eat I don't like to eat if I don't feel truly hungry I think I should just wait it out so yeah I do like training fasted in the morning I tend to have really great performance like that and then I'll usually end up doing about one or two meals probably somewhere from 12 to 3 p.m. and then maybe a later dinner from maybe 7 or 8 p.m. yeah okay and how does that fit in with the work schedule so you know you're an actor you're there in Hollywood LA and you're you're on set I mean you've got the the catering table and it's full of snacks all the time I'm just wondering is this so do you you don't feel like even if you're on tour wise I guess you said you do eat that lunch time so is it easy enough for you to get your the food that you need on set - yeah absolutely so I usually make a point to catering beforehand that I do follow a certain diet and I try to make it really simple for them I just tell them hey could you make me you know a good amount of animal protein and eggs that's it you don't have to make it fancy don't add any garnishes don't add sauces you know just salt it up and they usually do a great job and and actors tend to be very annoying with their diets you know everybody's on like some sort of diet so the catering is usually like they're gonna get grass-fed and wild-caught and pasture raised and everything's just like the perfect animal protein so I don't tend to have any issues with that for me sometimes I do have a tendency to get up really really early and work out before I get to set so sometimes if I'm doing that and let's say I'm famished at 8:00 in the morning I will eat I I don't think that you should push through fasting if your body if you could feel your cortisol is starting to rise and you can feel that really stressed out hungry feeling and you're sleep-deprived and you know let's say you've been working out really hard and you're you're working really hard at your job and let's say you just feel famished you should eat you know your body's clearly telling you something eat and try to sleep that night you know I used to do you know you push through a fast and it's not time for my eating window yet so who cares if I'm hungry just drink more coffee and push through I really don't believe in that anymore I think that your body sends you very strong signals when you're consuming the right foods when you're sleeping well and when you're training your body will will basically tell you what it needs so it's important to listen to that once you've lined up those crucial factors now if you're not sleeping or if you're not eating the right foods if you're not training then a lot of those signals that your body's telling you are going to be off they might be fueled by the blood sugar highs and lows or you know perhaps if you're not training you're not depleting liver glycogen so it is important to do those things but at the end of the day you know we all do what we can and you know you sort of have to pick your battles and sometimes I do get really sleep-deprived so yeah yeah I mean what you're talking about there is all biohacking N equals one and just listen to buddy and become more fine-tuned and adjust as needed yeah again I think that's a great tip for people is you don't always have to be regiments which is actually listen to your body and a lot of carnivores that I've I've interviewed like Kelly Hogan she said the exact same thing you know eat hunger and that that was the biggest thing that made her lose something like 150 pounds you know weight and get all her fertility packaged so keep it really simple at the end of the day even though you can see seem complicated to begin with and yeah so when you won the vegan diet you were supplementing are you still simplemente even though you're now on a hyper carnivore diet yes so it's very minimal supplementation so I'll tell you exactly what I do I guess the only well maybe two-step lines so I take a magnesium about once or twice a day so that would amount to maybe one to two teaspoons of this magnesium supplement a lot of people are familiar with it calm the calm brand for magnesium the natural vitality or something like that so I usually take that maybe at some point in the middle of the day and then definitely at night before I go to sleep so I usually have some of that and then I definitely salt my foods usually Himalayan pink salt salt my foods to taste occasionally if I've trained really really hard and I've you know maybe use the sauna then I'll maybe consume some salt afterwards just to sort of replenish my body so I do that I also occasionally we'll do some cod liver oil so it's usually the I think it's the Carlson's Norwegian or I forget where they get it from but it's it's like a wild cod liver oil and it's probably lemon flavored so I'll take sometimes I like to take more cod liver oil than most people so I like to do maybe one or two tablespoons of that and then the other thing that I do it's not really except lament but beef liver so like I said I consume that two to three times a week it's actually calf liver so I like to do that and if I don't have access to that I like to take beef liver tablets so let's see that's that's pretty much it that's all I take it's pretty minimal yeah it is I mean compared to maybe what you were supplementing with before you know you could belly yeah yeah much much much more simpler and yeah I was interested with the weather but the beef liver there too because that is something that I think a lot of new carnivores aren't adopting because they'll just eat mainly a beef diets like you said be from water but I after my conversation with dr. Sophia Clemmons and hungry I mean they eat a lot of organ meats and I guess that's another secret element to this diet if you want to take yourself to another level maybe as consume some organ meats and liver is an easy one to consume yeah think organ meats if you're really looking at carnivore diets from an ancestral point of view it's very difficult to divorce the notion of consuming organ meats and bone marrow and let's say brains and all these different foods you know it's it's probably very rare that these ancestral communities were consuming just straight-up muscle meat so they were consuming basically animals that were fed their natural diets and they were consuming most of the animals one would assume I doubt they were wasteful so you know at the end of the day we have to do the best we can and not everybody has access to or maybe has the taste for brains or kidneys or different glands so you can definitely consume beef liver that one I think people should just suck it up and try to consume it you know yeah it doesn't taste great but just don't overcook it you'll be fine so that's one of them for me I don't really care enough to look for let's say adrenal glands or to look for kidneys or sweetbreads and those kind of foods so I like to take different supplements I do have one of my favorite brands is ancestral supplements and I do have their adrenal supplement I have their bone marrow supplement I also have I think it's just a basic like organ supplement where they can they combine a couple different organs so I like to consume that every now and then I'll sort of cycle these around and of course everybody knows about bone broth I think bone broth is fantastic I don't consume it much but I do think there's something to be said for collagen mark Sisson has a lot of great content on collagen and sort of best ways to really absorb it he'll sort of take it before a workout and then to her blood flow hopefully get it to the parts of his body that he that he needs it most so I think that that's also something to consider yeah I think it really is important to optimize the carnivore diet though it's very simple to just straight up you know go and get your your grain fed the cheapest steak you can find and just consume that Sault the heck out of it but is that the healthiest diet in the long term it's difficult for me to say it is you know I I do think I'm just as an insurance policy it's good to have maybe a bit more dietary diversity if your body can handle it yeah I think that's a good point too you know when you were talking about that supplementation that I actually what did a little bit of research about that because I was thinking okay so if organ meats are so good for us but I know there's going to be people who just don't like the smell of it don't like the taste of it they don't want to touch it or anything and there's probably a supplement and yeah I came across ancestral supplements and it's incredible all the kind of organs that he's put into a supplement yes yeah and so when you mentioned the cooking part how has your cooking skill improved with trying to cook meat or even organs like liver well I guess now I actually have cooking skill so when I was vegan strangely enough I basically never really cooked I would microwave sweet potatoes I would consume all my leafy greens raw or I would make those huge smoothies in terms of beans you know it straight up kind of keep them up out of the team so I pretty much didn't really cook it was pretty dismal but for me I got the results I wanted so I didn't really care but now you know eating animal foods I'm not really a fan of consuming them raw so my cooking skill has improved but obviously it's still very minimal because for me I just i season my foods I usually just put everything on a pan I'll cook it either in its own fat on a non-stick pan or occasionally I'll add some butter I do like to moderate the amount of fat I'm consuming I guess this is where I defer from a lot of the ketogenic community is that I'm not necessarily afraid of gluconeogenesis it doesn't hinder my particular goals I'm not aiming for the highest level of ketosis possible my my ultimate focus is mental clarity and body composition those are the two things that I'm really looking at and sustaining a you know a very good level of health so for me consuming higher protein and then strictest um of the you know that extreme fat intake but a lot of you know people in the contending diet will consume that's sort of where I found the sweet spot so I do like to do let's say maybe 150 to 200 grams of protein a day which is a lot more than a lot of people consume and in terms of fat intake I'll probably be at about 100 to 150 grams of fat so this is still a high fat diet you know I'm probably consuming fifty to sixty percent of my daily energy intake from fat since it's so calorically dense but it's also a very high protein intake so that's pretty much what I do and in terms of cooking yeah it's very very basic I find honestly one of the best tips if you're trying to consume the liver is to cook it on lowering heat as soon as you dry liver out and you're trying to chew through some dry tough liver oh my gosh you got your work cut out for you that's not fun and when you were talking about the amount of Fuji have you noticed that's changed over time too because I mean you do a lot of weight training and resistance training and there's there are some people in the carnival community who eat very big meals once a day - like a lot of meat are you in that camp where you eat a lot of food or I use still maybe lower down on the spectrum how have you found it with you're trying to maintain your body weight and your your growth of muscle weight with all the resistance training yeah I find that the amount of food I eat completely depends on the amount of anaerobic activity I'm doing so mostly weight room if I'm doing a bunch of cardio maybe because it's it's so lipolytic maybe because it's such a fat heavy thing but I don't consume that much food but if I'm doing a lot of weight training particularly heavy weight training my appetite skyrockets and I start to eat you know two pounds of meat a day on top of that I'll consume about like eight eggs and then maybe some cottage cheese or something like that so I can definitely start to consume some pretty big meals when I lift very heavy as especially consistently and if I'm lifting heavy every day my appetite goes trees I usually looked heavy let's say about three times a week and I find that that's a really good level for me to hit my entire body also to give myself time for recovery and to maximize benefits from that and so I'm just not spending all my time in the gym so my general food intake I would say daily I'm consuming maybe one to one and a half pounds of red meat I'll consume probably about eight to ten eggs on top of that I'll consume some high fat dairy or maybe some poultry maybe some bacon and that's pretty much what a day of food looks like for me and that can be split up into one or two meals okay yeah so that's great for just people to relate and and you're finding now are you still gaining more muscle weight or are you sort of stable where you're at at the moment um are you trying to give it a go no I'm not really trying to get bigger I think I've basically sort of found a good level for me the crazy thing is I've been about 155 pounds since I was probably 15 and I'm 23 right now so I think that's just my body's weight but what has changed is obviously the body composition so the amount of fat has come down and the amount of muscle has come up so I have put muscle on over time but the truth is I'm I'm happy with the way my body is like a lot of guys that get into weight training have that hole bigger Exia thing and they're never quite where they want to be and I always you know their trap doesn't have this vein and they need a their rear delts to look like that I'm pretty happy with the way I look for me what I'll do is if I just want to get that extra amount of leaves I'll up my cardio a little bit I'll maybe increase the fasting a bit I'll up the protein a little bit and pull back on the fats a bit so that would be like restricting some of the dairy or restricting some of the bacon really sticking to the meat and eggs really draining the pan when I'm cooking too I've also found that to be a very helpful tip so when you've got all that bacon fat there in the pan you necessarily need to drain it all over your food sometimes you can toss that so yeah I'll sort of restrict the cat calories increase the cardio and increase the fasting if I'm just trying to get like the bottom abs to pop or something like that or there's a photo shoot coming up but um yeah I'm pretty happy with my physique at this point I basically I don't track the weights that I'm lifting I also don't count reps anymore I basically go in the gym I know what body parts I want to hit so let's say I want to do a shoulder and back workout so I will combine calisthenics and powerlifting so I'll be doing just high-intensity I'll do overhead barbell presses and then I might do some some handstand push-ups I might do some pull-ups and then some barbell rows I'll just combine calisthenics and more powerlifting compound lifts and I find that that's a good combination for me and I'm ultimately aiming for intensity and just to push myself as much as I can I'm not sticking to a set rest period or set repetitions or anything like that that is absolutely valuable if you're trying to gain strength or if you have very particular goals about where you're trying to get especially if you're young and you want to put some size on definitely you know track your power lips track your squat bench deadlift all that kind of stuff but um yeah you know if you're happy with what you're doing then just go in there be intense enjoy yourself and you don't have to constantly be seeking the next level of performance if if you're not trying to be an Olympic athlete you know yeah and I mean I can't share the pictures of you now I mean some people I've interviewed aren't wearing a shirt you're wearing a shirt but I'm so much dr. Troy that was a funny interview but I mean I'll share pictures of you two on the YouTube video for anyone watching but I mean yeah you've got a fantastic physique man you've you've done fantastically well with your with really physique and I think you are at a at a great stage you know you're not too big you're not too small and you've just got great definition all over so you know I guess like fitness models and size so it's definitely you're looking good thank you drink wise we didn't go into that yet you you drink coffee because that's always a big thing when people adopt this way of eating they go is it just water or can can I have coffee because I love my coffee even alcoholic drinks what what are your feelings then on that mm-hmm so yeah ultimately that's a case-by-case thing so I'll say for me individually I've done a lot of experimentation with coffee doing no coffee drinking more coffee drinking 1 to 2 cups like different times of the day how it affects me I used to have a lot of concerns about cortisol and about my circadian rhythms and about I'd be taking my ashwagandha and I would constantly be trying to manipulate so many variables but I've found basically what I do is I'll drink maybe 3 to 4 cups of coffee in the morning and I will have pretty much a hard cutoff at maybe 12 p.m. or 1 p.m. and that'll give my body you know a good amount of time to start to get the caffeine out of my system I don't have any trouble with sleeping as I've told you I don't sleep too much so as soon as I get to bed I knock out cold and my sleep quality I think is pretty good I sleep through the night I wake up feeling energized especially after that first cup of coffee so I feel pretty good and coffee is something that I absolutely enjoy it really adds for me it adds a lot of benefit and happiness to my day it's just like it's like a comfort food you know it's something you enjoy doing in the morning people talk about their morning routines and rituals I love coffee it's something I enjoy and it doesn't hinder any of my major goals if I found coffee was keeping me up at night for it was just skyrocketing my cortisol and I was having anxiety throughout the day or it was completely yellowing my teeth I don't know but whatever whatever sort of issues people might have worth coffee yes you might want to look at restricting that and there are different alternatives and you can maybe go for tea or you can just straight up cut out all caffeinated beverages but I really believe that you do have to pick your battles and determine what's the optimal level for you you don't always have to do everything 100% perfectly um determine what your goals are and then get to those goals and then create a lifestyle within that and that's something that's really really important I find a lot of people that become very obsessed with this stuff and there's no level at which they're satisfied so for me personally um you know if I'm able to maintain a lot of energy if I'm healthy if I have great gym performance if I like my body composition if I can get all of my work done throughout the day and I'm not anxious or jittery then that's a good day for me so I find that I can drink a good you know three to four cups of coffee in the morning I have that hard cutoff time I do drink a good amount of water I like my sparkling water I occasionally drink tea not nearly as much as I used to but I occasionally drink tea i I was sort of raised on tea I'm not sure since I know you're over in the UK correct yeah a little island kodada man says wryly next door yes so I know tea is probably a much bigger thing there is that ritual yeah definitely my mom was from British Guiana which was a colony of the crown so they were raising a ton of black tea and you know obviously pour in the milk you pour in the sugar and that was like our drink of choice growing up so I was addicted to tea as a kid but I just don't have a taste for anymore yeah I'm personally a coffee drinker myself yeah I've got British heritage but yeah yeah I don't know you sometimes find you're either a tea drinker or coffee drinker I don't know what it is what you know like why do oh yeah I can't have that stuff yeah so when you were mentioning too that you've had bulletproof coffee I guess some people are coming to the carnivore diet from a ketogenic diet even a bulletproof diet so you know they've they've been drinking bulletproof coffees do you do you feel that some people could drink too many bulletproof coffees like too much butter in their coffee or would you feel that like you just want one to start off with and then you go into a different type of coffee like just black coffee or coffee with cream I mean what how do you like to have your yeah so that's actually a great point to bring up I personally don't consume any fatty coffees anymore occasionally I will put in a bit of heavy cream if I just feel like it but I really don't add fat to my coffees anymore for me I'm always looking at parts of my diet where I could restrict the fat calories while maximizing satiety and if you look at um dr. Ted name and post these fantastic graphics and he's got one that shows where you can have the lowest ad libitum caloric intake which basically means if you're not intentionally restricting calories what is the best macronutrient breakdown where you eat the least amount of energy and that tends to be very high protein sort of moderate fat very very low carb which is the sort of diet that I try to follow so I don't find any added benefit in adding fat to my coffee some people you know if they're really trying to push a fasting window they'll add the fat to the coffee because they'll find that it'll increase satiety but that fat you're adding to the coffee is a good three four five hundred calories a lot of the time and think of how much fasting that's going to take to burn on now the traditional ketogenic mentality used to be it's not calories and calories out its insulin insulin is you know the whole fat loss game is all about insulin but I think we've sort of matured beyond that a little bit where we realize that there is an energy balance and there absolutely is a hormonal question to it and then you know sort of nutrients and thyroid function a lot of those things play into it but for me I don't do fatty coffees anymore and back in the day so sort of when I was just getting into keto I told you about how I started very high protein and very carnivore when I'm just started keto well then I veered off the deep end and I was doing a ton of dark chocolate I would eat two avocados a day two whole lava kados every bite of beef that I would take I would scoop some butter along with it I'd be consuming that I couldn't figure out why I wasn't shredded yet I was like I'm eating so much fat how does my body not know how to burn fat by now my bulletproof coffees would consist of maybe two tablespoons of butter and some coconut oil and then some MCT on top of that I'm telling I was eating a lot of fat maybe 250 grams of fat a day sometimes very high amounts of fat and it absolutely stopped me from getting lean if I only started to get lean when I started to realize like okay you know the protein isn't necessarily the enemy don't worry too much about the protein insulin spikes because they'll come back down I am fasting throughout the day so up the protein drop the fat back a little bit and that's when like - body fat really started to come off so people can do fatty coffee if you want I mean it's it's not super nutrient dense if you find it really helps your you just love the taste of it go ahead it's not unhealthy but I just don't find it to be a very nutrient dense or helpful food for my personal goals mm-hmm and with this way of eating now do you see this as a long-term way that you can sustain for many years or we we sort of touched on it earlier about if you only ate red meats you're not quite sure if this is going to be sustainable long term the way that you've mixed things up would you say you see that has been a long-term solution it's not just a short-term fix you know for 12 months or so you could actually eat this for multiple years I believe so but I believed just as strongly when I was meeting so I've sort of adopted a mentality where I don't like to I don't like to say this is the only way this is the best way and for the rest of my life I'm going to do this because I've just been proven wrong so many times I think like you know the the ultimate the Philosopher's quote of you know one thing we know is that we know nothing that's sort of the mentality I take to it I'm always learning and we're always learning to do things by attrition and it's it's crazy how much new research is coming out about nutrition and then we realize how little we actually knew so at the moment with the information that's out there and the research that I've done I think this is the best approach and it's the best approach I've ever found it's given me amazing results it's given so many people amazing result and I would be hard-pressed to find anybody that can that can convince me that it's an unhealthy way to eat will that change in the future possibly if there's new research that comes out that proves me wrong but for the moment I think consuming very high quality animal proteins and healthy fats and really keeping those carbohydrates low if you are consuming carbohydrates you know of the whole food variety and staying away from grains and sticking more with them smaller starchy tubers some fruits some low should recruit things like that basically a true Whole Foods diet that aims for foods hopefully before the Agricultural Revolution I think that's a solid diet so I guess talking about like a typical Paleo diet but the version of that that I'm doing where it's very carnivorous and ketogenic I really like that for me and that's what I plan to do for the rest of my life but I might be putting my foot in my mouth so we'll see well it's always that with little asterisks you know exactly yeah cuz it's great right now until I get new information maybe I'll make a different decision have you influenced any other actors to eat this way yet I have yeah that's actually been really fun so I've had a lot of different cast meats that will notice my physique progress and the sort of things I do and then also the fact that I'm eating a massive plate full of beef and eggs and and cottage cheese and all that kind of stuff so it's a very curious way of eating because most people know that actors subsist on salads and and ice cubes and things like that so it's definitely different the low-carb diet does have some basis in in the I guess acting world in Hollywood you know a lot of Hollywood types have delved into Atkins and and whatnot but um this particular variety the carnivore diet I have influenced some extra factors to do it and they've had fantastic results you know they're not going to go out and tell the whole world about it but they've had great results and they really enjoy it so I've gotten I've gotten a few people to do it okay I definitely see it becoming more and more popular out in LA - yeah do you help any other people if they want to learn how you eat or do you do any consulting kind of work what a great segue so if you visit the carnivore shredding program dot ROM I do in fact have a guide that I published which it's not necessarily like look here's a 12-week program and eat this food and at this time but I've basically combined everything I've learned about fasting and nutrition and also sort of ancestral diets and the science behind you know the the insulin hypothesis and energy and energy out and pretty much everything I've learned about body composition ketogenic diets carnivorous diets and then the best approach I've found for your health and for your body composition to get as lean and healthy as possible while maximizing performance in the gym so I've put that into the carnivores writing program or the kind of works writing ebook I should say on that website so that's the carnivores writing program calm and yeah I also do offer consults on there so if people want to schedule 30 minutes and talk about that they can absolutely contact me about that we could try to get that set up so yeah I have started to delve into that area you know I mean just speaking with you this is the first time I've ever had a chance to speak with you I mean I can hear you're very knowledgeable and you can you're connecting a whole bunch of dots and you're willing to look into multiple rabbit holes to find the best solution and I like that way of thinking thank you appreciate so we've we mentioned the carnival shredding program but exactly are there any other ways that people can keep in touch with you you know like follow your progress what you're up to this is time to say if you've got any specific social platforms that you're more active on yeah definitely so I guess I'm most active on Instagram so that's at William shufelt my last name is SHG WF ELT so Instagram I post a lot of content there in my stories you'll see a lot of sort of gem footage food pictures things like that and then you can keep up with what I'm doing on there I'm let's see what else I'm active on that's pretty much it I do some YouTube vlog so some day-in-the-life blogs you can see you know maybe behind-the-scenes footage about what it's like to be an actor and sort of go through my days a lot of what I'm doing currently is I'm doing appearances so I'll do convention appearances where we meet with Power Ranger fans and you you sort of say hi to them and sign autographs and it's a very fun thing you get to travel around and so I do a lot of that I also do speaking engagements so I've been speaking at universities and also different conferences and conventions about health and fitness and also goal setting and goal setting is a huge part of my life it absolutely changed my life through goal-setting I was able to three years ago literally three years ago I had never acted I was an economics student who was broke unhealthy pretty depressed really had not too much going for me in life and through goal-setting I was able to clear my skin I was able to create the physique that I wanted to leave college and to pursue the career of my dreams and to ultimately you know both these acting roles and now I'm starting to work or in the health and fitness industry while continuing to act and do commercials and different things so I am a very very strong believer in goal-setting so um yeah that's sort of some of the things that I've been up to lately and I mean I guess if you have little kids if you want to watch Power Rangers every Saturday on Nickelodeon amber on Netflix so that's Power Rangers ninja steel and you can see me fighting Lord catonian or whoever else there is intestate well I mean William thank you so much for giving your time today just to share you a story the again there was so many actionable tips that you shed you know from the acne story that we talked about in the beginning to a lot of other little tidbits that went through there and just listening to what you're up to man I can see following you is going to be fascinating over the next few years you're a go-getter you're going to get stuff done in this world even more so than what you've done so today so again thank you so much for coming in to show and sharing your story thank you so much Gary it was an absolute pleasure I really appreciate it [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Biohackerslab [12 likes]: Summarised show notes & links here - https://www.biohackerslab.com/ep69-william-shewfelt/
  2. @WilldoAldone [6 likes]: yes i did the same totol vegan all "super foods" 15 years almost killed myself migraines, brain fog ,full blown arthritis, seeing doctor after doctor no one could figure it out i should be the healthiest person in the world!.
I thought all i could do was to get on disability and live my life at home sick. One day i saw a youtube video on carnivore diet was wondering if it would help me.
In two weeks all symtons disappeared. I couldnt belive it I was getting better every day.
goodby dr.oz ,PBS specials,vegan gurus ,brain specialists  
dont listen anymore you almost killed me.
feeling good back to work
  3. @aidahayes7896 [3 likes]: I am struggling with keeping muscle mass on my keto diet. I am trying to reverse insulin resistance & find that I have to be OMAD to keep blood sugars lower (not quite at my goal) but I must be fat adapted because even though I was never over weight when I started this diet 11 months ago, I still lost 20 pounds and keep loosing the weight. I am 52 years old 5’4” now weighing under 115 lbs, and I try to eat a lot of calories on my one meal but it has been mainly vegetables and meat. I have been worried about increasing my protein for fear of spiking my insulin, so I have kept it to high fat, moderate protein, veggies, no other carbs than what’s in veggies and seeds and nuts. I try to eat coconut butter throughout the day while I am fasting hoping my body will use that up and not muscle mass for fuel. It’s not working. My ribs are sticking out. I don’t like how thin I am getting... After watching this video I will try increasing animal protein and lowering vegetables & not worry too much about the insulin spike that might create. 🤞
  4. @amytrumbull156 [1 likes]: I went vegetarian and then vegan about 6 years ago and that’s when I developed migraine headache disorder and then also daily chronic headaches as well. I had to learn through trial and error and a ton of online research about food triggers and over time I’ve discovered that a full blown carnivore diet is the only way I’m not in daily, chronic, severe pain. I started with keto which was great for losing the 20 extra pounds I was carrying but I was still in terrible pain but when I switched to all meat, mostly beef, I finally feel great! Thank god I figured it out but I feel terrible for all the many people who will never consider diet and will remain in some kind of pain perpetually. It’s tragic. Grains are NOT my friend!
  5. @rickywilliams6774 [1 likes]: How long into it did you start seeing your skin clear up?
  6. @takeoffyourblinkers [1 likes]: Lambs fry is so much better than beef liver.
I hate liver, but have no problem with lambs fry, way milder in taste, and even the texture is better.
All the same benefits and less of the yuk!👍
  7. @karenkordes2210 [1 likes]: People... stop the insanity!   Stop the extremes!  Vegan or Carnivore; both are WRONG!  Just eat 70% plant and 30% animal (red meat).
  8. @wanketta [1 likes]: Not sure why being carnivore motivates some to over-develop their bodies. I don’t get it, don’t admire those who do, yet it’s everywhere I am as a carnivore. Sigh.
  9. @thadeagle: I think that glyphosate, which is sprayed on vegetables and crops to kill weeds, causes health problems.
  10. @bridgetjones2156: Topical vitamin A for acne is available over the counter in many countries now. Differin is the trade name. It is non-irritating and would work well with extra vitamin a in the diet.
  11. @slickwillie3376: I reccommend freezing meat to negative 10°F or lower. Especially fish and brains. This kills the parasite eggs, and will prevent brain worms. You have to wonder if there are brain worm eggs in hogs head cheese, and fish is the other carrier of the vicious kind of worm that can find its way to the brain. Cooking will not kill the eggs. Only the larvae and adults. Milk is another carrier of parasite eggs. Freeze that. Cheese, cream, all of it except eggs. Must be -10.
  12. @ant7936: Good, informative discussion, thanks.
  13. @KingofJV: Type O blood types need a lot of protein (ANIMAL protein)
  14. @sayantikarana720: I love William shewfelt
Very nice interview 
Thanks
  15. @ravinwijesuriya5325: William your have a  beautiful smile and dam handsome
  16. @rodrigosouto9502: Loved the interview
  17. @n-o-m-a-dadam6465: Thanks for the interview and confirmation what William has gone through. I have the same experience and thanks to red meat now am back on track
  18. @psychicoutlawchanel7430: Please do a collab with Frank Tufano, he eats a carnivore diet as per Weston A. Price. Veganism is a death diet. Thx for the video!!
  19. @terrysweeney888: Like the way u let people talk not push your views well done
  20. @Dakiniwoman: Thanks for another great video... I really love your channel... I am working on transitioning to the Carnivore protocol from a few years of trying vegetarian... vegan... raw vegan... and even weeks of just fresh juices... none of that made me feel good... so now I have been trying Keto and finally carnivore...

- Ken Berry, MD: Keto & Carnivore (fatty meat) Saved His Health: Kind: captions Language: en the carnivore diet is a great way it's obviously the ultimate elimination diet because you're going to eliminate everything that's trying to keep you from eating it because animals do that with teeth and claws that's how they try to keep you from eating them but once they're on the plate or kind of past that point and so all their defenses are gone and so you don't really have to worry about any inflammatory chemicals or anything being in the meat because that's not how they protect themselves plants on the other hand that's kind of how they protect themselves especially their seeds which contain their DNA right which that's if that gets crunched up and destroyed then they're done their lineage is over and so plants are very passive in their defense but yet defensive nonetheless they don't want to be eaten and I don't blame them I don't want to be eating this either and so for many people when they go carnivore then they can start doing all these nutrition experiments because after you've been fatty meat carnivore for a month you can add back in bra skis and see how you feel then you can try nuts and then you can try all these different things and you can pinpoint every single thing even the healthiest of things like cashews or egg whites or you know eggplant and joke about ruin claim me I must not maybe I'm not meant to eat [Music] every time I go on YouTube and upload a video or check anything I look to the side and I see related channels dr. ken berry MD and so we've have similar subscribers for a while so it's awesome to connect with you follow you on Facebook and on Instagram and I think out of all the health influencers you're growing the fastest and I just want to commend you cuz I look up to you as an influencer and like how you're able to build community and influence people but you posted a funny story about how you were in Walmart and did they really kick you out that looked like okay yes they had some Star Wars but I didn't get kicked out so it was it was hard I was hoping it would be one of those videos where the person's coming in to hurt over that over that overcome whatever what were they saying to you they're just like oh what are you doing you know like you really shouldn't film in here so yeah okay and you were just showing basic because you bring up a good point and I think the back story on that was that all the candy and the processed food was at the level of children yeah and his parents like were playing man defense all the time absolutely and we have epidemics of childhood obesity childhood type-2 diabetes diabetes which used to be unheard of and now their special clinics just for type 2 diabetics who are pediatrics and yet we've got floor-to-ceiling candy at every checkout and every store that a parent could possibly buy food in and so that just seems you know if we're really worried about this epidemic of obesity and diabetes maybe we should change that it'd be a great first step yeah it's it's really tough as a parent you know and then you have kids as well but like school parties birthday parties I mean it seems like it's cool there's holidays like every week there's an excuse to just see junk food I mean it's it's a but one of the ways that you've been helping to like inspire people to become little leaders in their own community which i think is once needed is you talked about this passive resistance how can we influence our neighbors our parents without like diminishing them or or making them feel bad about what they're feeding their kids well I think the most powerful tool of all is to lead by example by quiet example right and so if you look good and it's obvious that you feel good and your kids are excelling and their athletic and healthy and happy then you know any kind of person and any kind of parents gonna want to know what you're doing and so once you spark that curiosity in them once once you have led by example well enough that you inspire them to ask a question there's no more open of an opportunity than that when they've asked you the question then it's there you go you've won and so a lot of people when they come to keto or carnivore or low carb high healthy fat they feel so much better they they look better they feel better and it tends to make you a preacher right at em that you want to reach out you want to help people you look like hey put down that candy bar what are you doing right but if people aren't ready to hear that then you can just be annoying and that doesn't really move the paradigm that isn't that doesn't help anything and so I try to really get people to understand you got to wait to the ready right and so you cannot go to your mom and dad's house and say hey we got to clean up these cabinets right now that's never gonna work but when they've seen you law lose 45 pounds and when they've seen your psoriasis go completely away and when they see you not popping tums every five minutes because of your chronic severe heartburn they're gonna say well what are you doing and there you go then it's a it's an open free way for you to say whatever needs to be said and actually make a change have you studied psychology and stuff Annette or you just have influenced patients over the years that you kind of know what makes people tick I've always kind of been a student of human nature of anthropology and so I've always known that there are ways to say things in ways you shouldn't say things I've also learned a lot of that from my wife as well to train me and how to say and how not to say things but I could I could tell when I would frame something a certain way to a patient I could see the door closing like I'm not hearing you at all this is not touching me in any way and so picking up on those cues I can I can shift and adjust the message to whatever and so if I'm talking to a teenage girl then I'm gonna talk to her about the benefits of diet for her acne and for her periods and for her weight maybe right because that's what she's gonna hear she's gonna hear that wait what gonna make my agony better whoa look what's this diet again and so she wakes up and she's immediately alert and she's immediately paying attention whereas if I'm talking to a 50 year old man I'm gonna I'm gonna talk about something completely different because if I don't hit you where you live you're not gonna pay any attention yeah that's that's a great example you know like it people will pay more to avoid pain and gain pleasure so you you talk about like so with an older man you might talk about erectile disfunction low-energy libido it's dosterone how to get rid of that that beer belly all that kind of stuff you know whatever is important to them that's what you got to talk about you can't talk about what's important to you because they won't hear that yeah it's funny though that as influencers we kind of do that sometimes because we say like well this diet worked for me so you should do it this way but other people you have to resonate with them and you're so good at making videos and helping people to hit what they're looking for and then they share it with their friends or family and so forth and yeah some of these Facebook videos I mean they're going viral like in a way that I have not seen I've been on Facebook for quite a while so I want to commend you for that it's really cool thanks we love doing it and it the people seem to love it as well so it's it's a win-win yeah and you've been doing this for a while I mean it's in 2017 and then it really what-what shifted would you say it was at your communication or just finally hit critical mass and more people were talking I'm not really sure the first Facebook live we ever did I think we were sitting in a theater parking lot waiting for a movie because the silly theater near our home they won't open the doors until like 15 minutes before the movie starts which makes no sense right so we were sitting there and she's like well let's just do it we'll go live and we'll talk about some time like okay and so it's basically just us chatting in the car waiting on a movie talking about I think it was reflux heartburn and that that were did really well and she's like what in the world there's so many people watch this do you realize how many people we can help by doing this and plus we just enjoyed you know talking to each other and talking to other people so that's what we started doing and so we never ever talk at people it's always a conversation it's a conversation between us and a conversation with them and I think I think people hear that and they enjoy that everybody likes being added with nobody likes being lectured to it's a good point yeah that the whole engagement like you're really engaging with people and everything along those lines no was that before your book came out wise my doctor told me I think so yes I think it was yeah and actually we started doing a lot of our social media to kind of promote the book but then it wound up just being its own thing and we were like people were so responsive to the Facebook and the Instagram and the YouTube that the book it's still very important but it kind of took a backseat because we were doing all this good work on social media the books great and you talked about I mean talk about a lot of different ways how there's a lot of routines and habits in medicine and when new ideas are presented people are really like to put up their blinders and they're really defensive the story about semi weiss the Hungarian you talk about that because a lot of people don't know that and so civilized was a young doctor very intelligent guy and he I forget the name of the city but he went to a city where there were two hospitals where women could deliver babies and one of the hospitals had such a reputation for being dangerous that women would rather give birth in the street then go to that hospital and I think that was actually the wealthy person Hospital and then the other one was for poor people and it was had a much better rate of the mom and the baby both being able to go home alive and so similar wise couldn't understand what was up with this why that was the case and so he started looking and researching and you have to remember this was before the germ theory of disease was even understood nobody even knew what germs were because I don't even think the microscope was it was around then and so he had no idea about bacteria about viruses about a fungus did none of that stuff they didn't know any of that he just knew that women died at a much higher rate of child bed fever in this hospital but in this hospital it was very it was much rarer I'm still probably pretty common back then but it was it was much less likely to happen in this hospital than that hospital and so like any good doctor he put on his thinking cap and he said there must be a reason for this let me figure this out and so in the hospital with the very high infectious infection rate that was the teaching hospital and so the dot the the attending physicians would come straight from the morgue from doing autopsies straight from the morgue and they didn't wash their hands because it was considered offensive just even the idea that a gentleman could be dirty and so even then so that was the mindset then I'm a gentleman I'm a physician I'm a I'm a respected learning member of the community how dare you say I'm dirty what are you even talking about right and so they would literally take their hands out of a cadaver and go and deliver a baby and without washing their hands and I know now you're like how does that even make common sense that you think that's okay right you wash your hands before you eat how could you not but they just didn't occur to them because that wasn't their paradigm and so he said you know what we should I wonder if we started washing our hands in this little sore little acidic solution and so he started doing that and his infection rate plummeted and so if any good doctor again would say how you guys look what I found look what I've discovered but all of the physicians who are much older than him and I talk about in the book the way you judge someone's stature in the medical community is the length of their white coat right and so he was a young doctor and he had a short coat but these older guys whose coats drugged the ground like a wedding dress trained they he was not going to tell them anything then we're gonna listen to him he was a silly young little punk right and so nobody would listen he wrote papers he published his research he had the figures he had the numbers it was black and white he was right but nobody would listen and so they wound up destroying his medical career and he wound up in anis in an insane asylum and during the processing of the booking he got the crap beat out of him by the orderlies and got cut up and bruised and stuff and wound up getting an infection and dying probably died from this one of the same bacteria that he was trying to save the women from and so I think it's such a powerful poignant example of how you can be absolutely right but if you don't present it properly you're not gonna help anybody and so I think that that story's so important for doctors to understand on multiple levels not only do you have to put your thinking cap on and not just rest on your laurels I don't care how long your white coat is I don't care you can still be wrong and you can still be egregiously wrong right and so but then also you have to look you have to always be learning I always be reading always be thinking and but then what some young punk comes along with an idea you don't immediately discount that you give it you give it it today in court and saying let's think about that does that make any sense right and now any of us it's just a common man walking the street would know you should wash your hands before you deliver a baby but back then that was just not on the right arm it's so crazy I mean it's such a great story and do you think in medicine now there's a lot of things that we do like a similar assembly wise example is the ketogenic diet kind of one of these where a lot of doctors are saying oh oh you shouldn't eat fat there are multiple examples of this because what was going on back then was not some special stupidity on their part that was human nature playing out that was that's just normal human nature and we have not evolved since then we are the same humans right and so that story repeats itself with different players and different topics every day and medicine and so a great example is the the helical dr. pylori cause of gastric ulcers when the doctor he was a pathologist and he when he first discovered this he's like you know I think this is causing that they were all laughed at him like he was a like that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard everybody knows it's from stress right and so he it took him decades for something that should have been adopted overnight it took decades for that to take effect in the medical community and there are still many many a doctor who thinks that it's just stress that's what causes ulcers and yeah it takes forever and in many professions like medicine it's kind of a joke but an ironic joke not a funny joke that before you can ever change the paradigm all the old gray-haired men have to die because they run the show they're in charge they know everything and so when a young doctor says hey you know what I think if you change their diet they might get healthier all the old doctors just laugh that's silly you said men and I do have a gender question because I sold supplements to doctors for many years and I found that generally female practitioners whether they're nurse practitioners do is whatever we're a little bit more open-minded do you think it's a male thing like this is how we do it in many ways it is a male thing you know I have encountered female providers who are just as closed-minded don't don't think that they're incapable of that they are capable but on average on average it's more likely that a female provide health care provider will be more open and will go hmm that makes a lot of sense let me think about that for a minute and I'm not sure as to why the sociobiology of that but all I know is that's that's the case on average was men we don't ask for directions we'll figure it out you know kind of thing but this is such a great point and I want to prevent myself and listeners and I know you do too from making the same mistakes could if you were to rewind the clock 20 years ago I would have told you egg whites are so healthy I always said oatmeal and egg whites that's the best breakfast you have to have this and so I think in my own life right now I'm like is this fasting until 2:00 or 3:00 p.m. am I gonna look back in 20 years and think that was dumb or eating keto do you ever question some of the things you're doing time yeah but that's that is the proper mindset because when you're doing that you're open to other possibilities to other options to tweaking this way or that way right and we were actually making a video of a recipe video and I said as a joke you know there are still people who eat egg white omelets to this day and they think they're doing a great service to their health right and they probably are making egg white omelets for their children thinking that they're really getting them a head start in life not realizing that they're depriving them of much-needed fatty nutrition yeah well it comes in the can now you just pour the egg whites liquid anyway it's okay baby my egg yolk a you don't even need those anymore chicken throw those things right yeah it's pretty funny so we all need to have an open mind I was as I was telling you offline David Perlmutter him and I were just talking about this so it's constantly evaluating and things like that and I know you're big on the converse diet I like people and to just kind of figure out what works with their own body cycle in and out do you recommend because I know it's been very helpful for you me only diets and I think periodically you throw in vegetables I don't know okay yeah have you find that's a great like reset button for folks yeah I think it is and I think it's a great way to realize that you can tweak your diet and nothing Bad's gonna happen and so but there are actually health care providers out there nutritionists who say do not eat a month of carnivore that could be dangerous not realizing just the silliness of that really so if I were stranded on the desert island and all I had to eat was bacon for a month I might die just in that month from just they doing that for one month I might die hmm okay and so but I think that gives people kind of a freedom when they're like okay you know dr. berry said I could eat I could eat rib eye and eggs and cheese and butter and bacon for a month I'm gonna do that but once you do that I think it frees you in many ways because first of all everything's back on the table right everything's back on the table which is how it should be all the time you should be you should be always be going I wonder if it's nuts I wonder if it's nightshades I wonder if it's right and for some people it's a quite it literally is per se so you for you yeah and so for so many people like if we hadn't come across this this ketogenic way in this low carb high fat you'd still be eating egg whites and had be chronically inflamed it'd have no idea that it was the egg whites doing it yeah does that make sense yeah and so I think the car the carnivore diet is a great way it's it's obviously the ultimate elimination diet because you're going to eliminate everything that's trying to keep you from eating it right because animals do that with teeth and claws that's how they try to keep you from eating them but once they're on the plate or kind of past that point and so all their defenses are gone and so you don't really have to worry about any inflammatory chemicals or anything being in the meat because how they protect themselves especially their seeds which contain their DNA right which that's if that gets crunched up and destroyed then they're done they're their lineage is over and so plants are very passive in their defense but yet want to be eaten as either and so for add back in brusca and see how you feel then you can try nuts and then you can try all these different things and you can pinpoint every single thing even the healthiest of things like cashews or egg whites or you know eggplant and go god that really inflamed me I must not maybe I'm not meant to eat that that's a good point you know and a lot of us eat the foods that were actually kind of allergic to were sensitive to either because we've overrating them that our immune system is making antibodies or whatever it so I first when the carniverous diet was coming on I'm like what about the microbiome what about this and I was like Mike you're you're putting yourself in a box and I would just ask my daughter I have a six year old days you know you met her on the cruise and we put all the vegetables out and meat sure enough what do you think she goes for for the meat so she doesn't want to deal with the vegetables and and I'm not influencing her anyway and so that to me was like and you know I love the taste of meat and like humans if we like it kids gravitated towards it how is it so bad and why do why do we have to dock why do we have to put bacon in vegetables for kids to eat them again it's not that they're bad but and I think that's a good rule of thumb to operate on as a parent with the caveat that if it's made in a factory then that doesn't that doesn't apply but if it's a natural whole food and your kids just naturally love that that probably means something good point yeah so do you encourage folks to cycle through like so they do a month of carnivore they lose the way they cut down the inflammation then if they want to have a salad or the one have this or that you'll encourage it but just listen your body so you're getting flavor and it's entirely in their hands at that point because once you go carnivore for a month you're kind of freed from all the shackles of all the dietary foolishness that you've been taught in your entire life and we've all been taught a lot of foolishness right by authorities who should have known better and by our mom and by our you know brother and sister and our grandmother who didn't any better and so once you've done that then you're free and so I did the carnivore as a month experiment I was just playing with it right but at the end of that month I felt so much better my chronic heart burned that which was 80% better on keto was gone zero none and I never have heartburn anymore which is still weird to me because I had heartburn for from my from probably 30 to 40 every day every day and so when the nexium drug rep would come patients never got those samples I got all those I took good one every day because I had to because I was dying of heartburn but when I went Kido got much much better but still at one maybe one day a week I'd have heartburn but with carnivore zero it's just completely gone and so that tells me that that my body likes that so at the end of that month I was like you know what why would I go back I'm gonna do another month and so I just keep adding months but I'm completely open at any point if I start to know I feel good if I start to whatever have a rash with anything joint inflammation then I'll go wonder what I'm missing and I'll start playing I'll tweak my diet trying to look for the perfect diet for me and for my ancestry you know it's such a great point and one that I like to encourage all people to do it because you're a bigger guy right and some people may not eat as much meat as you do if FF 4 foot 8 you know 99 pound female that's not active like you they may not eat exactly like you so I love to encourage people to just like try it on see if it fits and think for themselves that's all we have is channel so it's an awesome perspective but being that you're a bigger guy you're eating a lot more protein part than the average Joe the whole one meal a day thing has gotten pretty popular as of late I know when I travel I'm not as active I do that what have you found where does it change what time like with your meal frequency it it depends on the family situation the social situation but on the average day I one big fatty meat meal a day that's what I do now and I've been doing that for months with carnivore because during the day when I'm at the office I'm back-to-back booked up and so I sip on some buttery salty coffee and that keeps me from ever being hungry keeps me mentally very alert very awake very clear and then when I get home I have my meal with with Nisha but then sometimes she'll come to the office and we'll go have lunch and I'll have some ribs or something at the you know restaurant if we're in a hurry I'll go to Wendy's and get to triple cheeseburgers right and just eat the the meat and the cheese and the bacon and leave everything else and that still works very well for me but yeah I usually would milla dates what I'm doing and it's not it wasn't a goal of mine it just kind of naturally occurred fits with their schedule and everyone carnivore and then it fits perfectly with my weekly day-to-day schedule yeah that's awesome do you mind telling folks how old you're gonna be on Sunday I'm gonna be fifty in two days amazing it'd look really good yeah thanks yeah and your brains on your skins great you're lean yeah that's fantastic you know I do a lot of these interviews and some folks over 50 and they don't nearly look as good as you can so Thanks what you're doing is working which is awesome to want people that they can see from that camera which is really really cool what habit are you doing now that you wish you would have done 10 15 years ago listening to my body and eating the proper diet and I was just talking to Misha on the way up here today I feel better at 50 then I felt at 35 and that shouldn't be something that a human should say that shouldn't be the case what's at all right but I think I hear that all the time from patients in the clinic and people on social media it's like oh my god I haven't felt this good in 20 years that means we've been doing a lot of things wrong and it means that we've got a lot of room for improvement and so if a 50 year old can feel just as good and not look too shabby as a 35 year old and that that's powerful I mean how powerful is that right and currently in the United States we've got all these epidemics of chronic disease obesity type 2 diabetes and a lot of people think oh diabetes you know there's type 1 in type 2 and your mind media immediately goes to oh it's probably 50/50 but people don't realize that 90 to 95 percent of diabetes is type 2 it's basically self inflicted by your diet and when you start to realize hey that guy's 50 he looks great he acts like he feels great he was I was a pre-diabetic I had a a 1c of 6.2 I mean I was on the cusp of becoming a type-2 diabetic back when I almost weighed 300 pounds when I had chronic heartburn when I had dandruff when I had my knees in the mornings I walked around like a 80 year old man that was all self-inflicted but I had no idea and I was a I was a young doctor right and you couldn't tell me you know I was like what what no come on I know what I'm doing I took nutrition in medical school right I know I know I'm supposed to eat lots of whole grains and light and you know a jog and and drink skim milk and eat lots of fruit and so that's what I was doing and I was getting fatter and sicker by the month and now that I've removed all the stuff that does not jive with my DNA and with my gut bacteria which may be important or may be eminently important we don't really know yet I think that's a subject that's wide open for so much research to be done but currently we don't know much about it and there are a lot of experts in the field that will pretend to know a lot about it but currently we don't really know much about that it's a good point I want to get your health stuff but since we're on this topic that's one reason why the carnivorous diet to me was like whoa hold on how were we feeling the microbiome itself exactly and I was I was very worried about that that first month and I thought I'm just gonna do it for a month so what's the big deal I can always go back and I can take some probiotics and I can you know drink some kefir and do all this stuff and fix that if it messes it up but what most carnivores find is that their gut symptoms either get 90% better or go completely away and so people with chronic constipation that they took a prescription for it gets better and goes away people with irritable bowel with Crohn's with ulcerative colitis with severe skin disorders all that stuff just kind of magically goes away and I know right now for so many people listening it sounds almost like a panacea like yeah that's snake oil right but then you got to think well yeah but he ain't selling nothing and so anytime you know I got a guy who's been to school is telling you hey this fixes a lot of stuff and I also don't have anything to sell you you should maybe listen to that right but then if I say oh and I've got this line of supplements then you're like wait a minute now but I don't have I don't have that and I never will because you don't need that you just need to eat real food that's appropriate for your biochemistry in your DNA that's such a good point I was thinking about that the how people are gonna monetize the whole carnivorous movement because how many recipes can you create with it you have meat in the capsule I don't know but just eat a ribbon or a recipe books like rosemary and then bake it like you know what I mean it's salt pepper there's not too many options right and I think that's there's so many people scrambling as you know in the Quito space trying to come up with any kind of supplement or any kind of thing where they can cash in on it and that also we're right back to human nature and that's not evil that's not a conspiracy that's just what we do especially if you're in the u.s. you're gonna try to make a profit off something that's how we're raised that's what we do and so I think that in order to get paid for this your profits gonna have to be very passive you're not gonna have products to sell you're just going to teach people how to be healthy and if you can monetize that then hallelujah do it but there's not gonna be billions of dollars made in the carnivore space there's not gonna be billions of dollars made in the Kito space because you just don't you don't need products you just need to eat real food yeah and it's pretty simple people might fall off and then you can coach them along there could be some coaching programs or things like that which is pretty interesting but you know going back to the whole microbiome thing because in 2014 or what this book belly fat effect a lot of information on endotoxin and all that so I was just like myopically focused on that research and so I oftentimes overcompensate my wife and I would have all these vegetables that felt like I had to get strive to get you know all these different types of fiber and sometimes we'd have tons of gas and everything and so it's funny how you know we think we're doing something healthy but then they're out of season some of the stuff is shipped all over the country so it kind of went against what I try to preach about local and then since you know being inspired slowly over time to eat more meat you know carnivorous and cut that out digestion is better so it's really again I'm not anti veggie I'm not saying everyone should go yeah totally great so and I think some people depending where you're where you're from over the last 20,000 years I think that some people do better with some veg and I think some people may even do better with a lot of veg but if if you know your 23andme data or your you know your ancestral where you're from then I think that can point you towards what you should eat and so Nisha and I did our 23andme and it turns out that I'm Nordic scotch-irish German and more neanderthal than 97% of the u.s. population and so when I got to reading and I watched a great video by dr. Michael EADS talking about that we can actually go back and we can do carbon and nitrogen dating on these people and we can tell you exactly what they whether it was seafood whether it was mainly veg whether it was mainly meat and so when the Ender Thals and everybody above a certain latitude basically live for 11 months out of the year on fatty meat and so I'm like that's that was kind of the last straw I'm like okay I'm gonna try for a month because now that it makes ancestral sense as well as a lot of people are really doing well on it I think I'm gonna give it a try but I think people who ancestors are more equatorial they might do better with more veg right and I still think I think fatty meat is vital for human development and human optimization don't get me wrong so I think meats important for every single human but I think some humans do much better with more veg then maybe I would that's a good point one of the things that I see is kind of its novelty syndrome where people hear about paleo they hop on paleo then Aikido then carnivore now they're going fasting mimicry what would you say to someone in terms of like is important to stick with the program or kind of I don't think so and I totally get your point that oh it's the latest thing you know it's the new diet oh I'm gonna try that but I think what the difference is is that when you jump on a fad the fad doesn't really change your life and so you know you might buy that new pair of boots or you might get that new supplement or that new new atrophic but then after three months of buying it you're like I can't really tell it did anything right and so then that's when fads die is when it's revealed that there really no better than the thing you were doing and but what happens with Kido and carnivore is these people it changes their life like it wakes them up mentally and physically and they are back to a to a degree of optimization that they never hoped to attain again and so I think that's not a fad right and so it's hard to know when you're right in the middle of a situation are we chasing fads or are we evolving our knowledge base and going out and in what I personally believe is that we're rediscovering the proper human diet is what we're doing and so for the last 78 years we've been preached to by all these associations and organizations and all these doctors and long white coats who thought they knew based on some fallacious research what we shouldn't you need turns out they were probably completely and totally wrong and so I don't think this is a fad but I could be wrong good yeah I could be totally wrong and I always have that that doors open for me all the time because I'm a lot like Dave filming in that respect I'm happy for you to prove me wrong because I just learned something and so either way I win either I'm right now in or you teach me something and I get smarter and then I went so either way I'm happy for I'm happy to be shown to be wrong I'm not opposed to that whatsoever but I see people trying to do that and having trouble with that not me personally but these these movements that we're having kind of in this dietary grassroots revolution it's an evolution or revolution however you want to look at it but this is coming from the bottom-up fads usually come from mainstream marketing and media and go down to the masses but this is literally simmering and bullying in the masses and bullying to the top and so I really think it's hard when you look at this objectively to call that a fad yeah it's a good point yeah I I agree I don't think it's a fad I mean if you look from an evolutionary perspective where there's carnivore Aikido eating seasonally I mean that's what humans thought that was the only option right that you would do so anyway and so when I see vegans vegetarians say Kito's bad or carnivores bad I have my own things that I like to say when I'm curious what like what would you say because there's a few influential vegan folks that are Kito and i'm like but yet there are athletes and they're probably burning ketones when their allies exactly what do you say to them and well there's there's two schools who are really aggressive at trying to push back and that's our vegan brothers and sisters who we love and respect and then also the calories in calories out people right the calorie restriction people you got to burn more than you eat or you have to be in a calorie deficit or you cannot lose weight and so I think that we've proven beyond doubt with the science and with the common sense that those that's that's wrong that's not true at all weight loss and reversing things like type-2 diabetes it's all hormonal II related and you basically hack your hormones by the food you eat and you can hack them in the wrong way or you can hack them in the right way and so I think that you will see over the coming months and years the calories in calories out people starting to recede and starting to lose followers and starting to kind of become kind of peripheral because it obviously so here like for example the calories in calories out model of weight loss has been around for a hundred years and so if it worked there wouldn't be an obesity epidemic right now unless you want to just look at the majority of the u.s. populations and and say you guys are gluttons and you're sloths and you suck and you're you're lazy and you just want to lay on the couch and eat Eminem's all day that's what's wrong with you it's your fault now if you're that guy and you like to say that to people then I guess I guess there's money to be made there but when you say to people no actually there's nothing wrong with you you're not broken you're not defective you're not weak it's actually the diet you were taught to eat that's keeping you beat down and so if you'd like to rise up and kind of reclaim your human glory feed your body what it needs and take the slow poisons out of your diet and magical things happen great point as a physician you probably have seen this many times I mean as a kid we you know you see an overweight challenge you're like oh they're lazy or whatever sloth things like that those thoughts get tossed around in things but when I was a nutritionist with an MD internal medicine doctor are Guillory in Denver I would meet with these everyway people and they were very motivated doing everything they could they were totally opposite and we have mutual friends that are overweight that are very motivated referring people we know you've seen that in a clinic so this hormonal thing there's a microbiome who knows what else but that I think anyone should wash that thought out because it's really yeah well first of all it's offensive to the majority of people who are honestly trying the best they know how and failing and so I can remember one lady in particular who broke down in tears in my office and she said I have tried Weight Watchers six times now if she weren't motivated why would she have done it six times something that obviously didn't work the first time or the second or the third Weight Watchers has been around since what 1969 and so if Weight Watchers worked sorry if I'm stepping on and you know an advertising toll but it obviously doesn't work or we wouldn't have an obesity epidemic in the United States but we do and it's getting bigger every day so obviously that don't work so these people you're right they're very motivated they're trying everything they know and for some people all they know is what they see advertising on TV and they're like oh wait Watchers has got a new program I'm gonna give it a try want to try it again because maybe I wasn't doing it right right and so you're right these people are motivated they want to be who doesn't want to be healthy right and so it's my contention that the human body the human being is made to be happy and healthy and fit and motivated all that stuff is hardwired into us or we wouldn't rule the planet right we wouldn't be here wouldn't be here first of all but secondly we wouldn't be the preeminent species on this planet we kind of we kind of run the show and the reason is is that we're built so well so effectively I mean we're we take over everything and sometimes that's looked at as a negative trait and sometimes it is right like oh I've got a country I'm going to take your country too and that's just kind of how we are and so to act like that a large percentage of us are just fat and lazy and stupid very disrespectful very very dishonest in my opinion no they've got the same DNA as you do Bubba they're just eating their own food they're living the wrong life styling which once you removed the slow poison and once you actually give them the tools and the knowledge that they need they flourish I see it every day I have people dry from four or five states over to see me at the office just to tell me look what you've done to me this is my before picture and this is me now I feel better I had a guy who drives around the country he said I feel better at 75 then I felt at 50 and so that makes me feel hopeful right like oh good so 75 ain't a bad and so but yeah I hear that that story repeated every day it's like I wasn't lazy I wasn't stupid I wasn't I wasn't a good and I just didn't know what to do nobody would tell me the right steps to take and I think once you tell those people this is you do this this this and this it worked and then it keeps working and then it's sustainable it's effortless it's delicious why would I not do that and so I don't every diet that I've ever recommended in my medical practice and so when I first started I would recommend the American Heart Association diet the ATA diet the Weight Watchers Jenny Craig joined the gym oh and I used to literally save the phrase it's easy you just got to burn more calories than you eat I would say that to people how ignorant I was right and they're like looking at me like dude you don't think I thought of that you don't think I've tried that 50 times it doesn't work and they're right it doesn't work right you're right yeah I think there's a few people in the fitness space that are being into this calorie counting thing and I feel like they're digging it's this some cost bias because they've been promoting this forever they can't back out a whole now so there's no digging dig dig yeah and so either they're gonna admit they're wrong like I did how I was an idiot I was an ignorant fat lazy mentally lazy miserable doctor but I kept saying the same crap over and over to the patients as they would glance down at my belly and go oh yeah okay so if I want to look like you I should do what you say and that's I weighed almost 300 pounds what do you weigh now for reference aha 235 okay yeah yeah and so yeah I know but I was I was entrenched then as well because that's all I knew that was my only tool I had right only bullet in my gun and so I didn't know what else to tell them so I would just keep repeating that thing over and over and I see people get in slap fights on Twitter every day it's like no you just have to be in a calorie deficit and I just I don't I never argue but I think do you not think they thought of that they thought of that we've known about that for a hundred years that's not working so it's gonna be very interesting to watch the migration of these people how are they going to justify that and shift their paradigm without just saying I was completely totally wrong they rely upon a few metabolic award studies that are short-term and what's cool is there's a lot of studies that are comparing is it the calories where is it the hormones they're doing steady-state calorie restriction versus this intermittent fasting approach and I know one University I've been going back and forth with an author out of the UK somewhere in England and then I think David Ludwig just published something a few weeks ago so it's really cool it's alright the data is coming out in humans long term so we can stop arguing over this because it gets silly and some of the people are really like you know they're out there very aggressive yeah that's really funny well you mentioned that you were on PBS proton pump inhibitors inhibitors a lot of people struggled to get off that psychologically and physiologically how did you make that transition well I just stopped meeting them because I had changed my diet to the point where I wasn't inflaming my gut anymore and who knows what else is there a microbiome connection perhaps do we know for sure no we don't right and so obviously more research needs to be done on that I have no doubt about that but for whatever reason I just stopped needing them and so people don't take medicine because they want to take medicine they take medicine because they have symptoms and they take medicine because their doctor told them I needed it right and so I have so many people who come to me for refills and in a very busy busy medical practice it's very easy just to click the button and shoot in a refill but if I say to them now do you need this nexium every day and they're like what I don't know I guess I'm like I tell you what go to every other day start taking it every other day and then if you don't have any more symptoms after a month of that try going to every third day and so I kind of build in a wean down schedule without them even knowing that's what I'm doing and so because people are happy not to pay a copay right happy not to take a pill every day and so once they're able to go every other day they're like hey I didn't die I'm not having this severe pain I used to have but they're also eating Kido or they're also eating carnivore and so they need to stop it and they don't need it anymore and they're ecstatic about that they're not sad they don't miss their daily pill they're happy that they've got one less shackle holding them back that's a good point I made long-term there's some pretty negative research coming out on PPI so even one paper I think Alzheimer's were at risk of all that Alzheimer's dementia your risk of pneumonia your risk of brittle bones huge risk factor for osteoporosis and then cancer all kinds of different things go up remarkably when you take when you mindlessly take a proton pump inhibitor for years and years and years your stomach acid is there for a reason it's there for a reason right we have one of the most acidic stomachs in the mammalian family most mammals don't have a 1.5 stomach pH and so first of all that must mean something we must have that for a reason and secondly you shouldn't block that acid that's probably there because we need it interesting you know it's funny like your colleagues medical doctors of all sorts talk about evidence-based medicine we got to practice evidence-based medicine and if you look at the evidence and I think the indication of keep you eyes it's very short-term like two or three weeks right that's all these patients and doctors love and it's true evidence-based medicine is very powerful and it's a very real thing and we should totally abide by meaningful real evidence-based medicine but what most people don't realize and some providers I think don't realize is there's a hierarchy to evidence right the randomized double-blinded control trial that is the cream of the crop that's the best evidence there is right because you blind the researchers so they're biased and creep in and you double blind everybody so nobody knows what anybody's getting that's real meaningful research and then then you know then we go down to cohort studies observational studies and then the very last rung of the ladder is expert opinion right and so so many doctors don't realize that the evidence that they're practicing is based exclusively on expert opinion so basically you've got a bunch of guys with long white coats in a room in Harvard and they said well I think you should I think it's fine to take a proton pump inhibitor I think it's no big deal is it has any has anybody done the randomized control trial of let's put 5,000 people on a PPI every day for 25 years and let's not do it to these people let's see what happens that's never been done right you can't do that because they wanted to get that drug on the market and make billions of dollars and so so many drugs that we take every day when you look it up in the in the PDR one of our electronic references mechanism of action unknown literally says unknown are not known or not fully understood so we're prescribing this potentially deadly biochemical to people and there's not been a single long-term randomized double-blinded trial for this drug maybe there's been an 18-month study maybe a 24 month study that's it that is it for every drug on the market today that is it and so many drugs if you have a side effect or a complication the drug manufacturer actually gives you an 800 number and you call the drug manufacturer and you're like wait a minute what and so do you think it's you think it's in their best financial interest to go you know we got 82,000 calls last year about this drug maybe we should do something about that no only when when enough people are harmed that the federal government gets involved then something might happen and often all they'll do is put a black box warning on the in the literature which means you can still prescribe it and it says oh this might kill your patient in the black box but then nobody's died because you haven't done these long studies so doctors keep ascribing it it's crazy I mean I think we all joke about it if we watch the Super Bowl or Sunday Night Football and all the warnings after a certain medication yeah come up may cause death irritable you know yeah I think the only one the the the erectile dysfunction drugs like to talk about is this may cause an erection in the last three hours and all the guys are looking like what is this thing you know that's the only positive side effect but yeah it's this polypharmacy - and just as a side note I love that you are able to talk about this because a lot of people I think get stuck in a box they talk about Kido and that's all they know but you have videos on prostate health on thyroid Hashimoto's diabetes like you're talking about the whole body and keto is a piece of that a big part of it but you like you're striving to get people to improve their the health of their entire body and I try to reach out while like with the YouTube videos I'll try to hit a certain topic and then I'm like oh and also you should eat this diet as well right because that in my opinion that is the appropriate human diets and so not only do they fix the their sleep or their prostate or the reflux but they also start to eat a better diet and I think that's a win for them and for me yeah are you cool - switching gears a little bit talking about the thyroid we've talked about this before on a Facebook live with dr. John lemansky a lot of people have this perception that if they fast or they go keto their thyroid is gonna get Auto out of whack and I think it gets it's concerning for people they're like oh I don't want to do keto coz the paleo mom said you shouldn't do it because your thyroid so what's up for that so the thyroid gland is a is eminently important in human physiology first of all it's very important gland some people call it a master gland right it's also very poorly understood by most doctors thinking about I used to be a carpenter in a cabinetmaker and so when you cut crown mold to put up you have to cut it upside down and backwards to get the cut to be right and any carpenters out there they'll be like yeah he's right you do have to do that and so I talk about thyroid because you have to think about it upside down and backwards and so if you've gotten so many doctors how I have had people come to me and say my doctor said I've got hyperthyroidism and I look in there TSH is high and so he's so uneducated they're easily forgotten what he was taught he thinks that a high TSH means hyperthyroidism and it's like wow yeah I'm glad you came to see me because he wasn't gonna he was about to not help you at all with your thyroid issue and so I think the most important question that any of us should ask is why do we have all these thyroid conditions I think that's a huge question that needs to be addressed with research because I don't know the answer currently I don't know why I'm obviously it's modern lifestyle of diet but I don't know exactly why but thyroid hypothyroidism and and autoimmune thyroiditis is becoming way too common and I think that's a big problem that some researcher needs to tackle and figure out why but that's not my job my job is to help them optimize their thyroid when they're sitting in front of me and then to make videos and help people understand their thyroid and understand and to help them to help their doctor understand their thyroid because many patients have taught doctors about thyroid because doctors you just hear you write that you're done or I send you to endocrinology that's the extent of most doctors thyroid treatment which is scary I mean considering the prevalence of Hashimoto's Elise in women and everything like that do you recommend like a micronized t3 or a t3 t4 yeah I use only desiccated natural thyroid that's what I use I use armor I use NP I use WP nature and Eartha in Canada because those those contain so everybody knows about t3 and t4 but they forget there's also a t0 and a t1 and a t2 there's also calcitonin all that is what the thyroids about right and so if you give somebody the synthetic thyroid replacement it's fake t4 that's all it is and it's not even real t4 it's just fake t4 and so you're ignoring all the other T's in the calcitonin and the iodine of the situation and so the thyroids much more complicated than that and so giving them a fake t4 replacement you might improve their symptoms but when we start looking at long-term health and we start looking at optimization you're not really helping that patient at all and so the thyroid is eminently important iodine is a big deal that's far under addressed in my opinion there's virtually no iodine whatsoever in the average American diet and so so many people when they just start using an iodine supplement like Lugar solution or one of the others they magically feel better they're like no you don't understand it's like a light came on in my brain these are quotes that I've heard from patients I've had cold hands and cold feet for the last 20 years I don't that anymore it's like a veil has been lifted off of my eyes it's like I can think clearly now all this stuff I hear because doctors think and most patients think that their only iodine receptors in the thyroid gland that the thyroid that's all that uses iodine not true at all there are iodine receptors in the brain there are iodine receptors in the gonads and the breast tissue all over the body the entire body needs iodine and but most doctors have no clue about that and so that basically throttles any effect they can have on the patient long term such a good point I have I don't in my bag over there yeah yeah I just love it I mean they always travel with it it's good especially when you're traveling too because I mean it's good to displace the halogens like if you're getting like filtered water or unfiltered water with chlorine and fluoride and all that yeah and so many myths about the thyroid gland and so the I've actually got a youtube video about this one old brassicas if you eat too many brassicas it could cause high profile that out loud on social media ridiculous okay and so I actually when I was doing the research for that video they're the only research that even speaks to that is there's one case study from Asia where this little Asian lady and who knows what her other health issues were right she was eating six or seven pounds of bok choy every day that was she just lived on bok choy and but and they discovered she had hypothyroidism and so the doctor wrote up this case study which on the hierarchy of of meaningful research is just above expert opinion just a case study of one person but it was such a weird thing and it was such it's one of those concepts that you go huh maybe there's something to that and so even even authorities in the space if they don't say brassicas might lower your thyroid function they'll still say and then you know there's the Brassica thing so you know i don't know it's but even mentioning it plants it right and he planted the seed and now they're gonna worry about too much broccoli no there's zero research that shows that brassicas have any bad effect on your thyroid function whatsoever there just none and then there's the the myth that oh if you eat two low-carb you can exacerbate Hashimoto's and there's even the the myth that if you take an iodine supplement it could cause your your thyroid without us to get worse completely ignoring all the other tissues that need iodine right and also ignoring the fact that you're probably deficient in iodine and also ignoring the fact that if you take too much iodine if you have normal kidney function you just urinate it out it's nothing right it's like taking too much magnesium or too much potassium it means nothing if you have normal renal function and so there's so many myths around the thyroid and it's because it's so poorly understood yeah is that a topic that you love to study I mean in addition to keto you have a big passion for Hashimoto's in thyroid I love the thyroid and everything that pertains to it super interesting well you know some of the people that that's a keto is bad because the thyroid they look at because it affects the thyroid and all that they look at the epilepsy research and children they don't understand that some of the antipathetic drugs that the kids are on affect the thyroid so they kind of they kind of blur Oh we'll see keto is bad be like well those drugs are inherently and so those children that are on a therapeutic ketogenic diet or basically guzzling vegetable oil to get their fat macro up right and so if you if you know much about the ketogenic way of eating at all you know that vegetables are not a part of that because they're very inflammatory and so these children they have more fractures and they have they can have thyroid issues but it's not because of the low carbohydrate nature of the diet it's because of the type of ketogenic diet they were put on it's a therapeutic diet in back then they didn't know vegetable oils were inflammatory so they would just let him drink canola or drink corn oil or drink soybean oil and so that's how they got their fat Mac grow up to keep them from having seizures and it does work it keeps them from having seizures but you can also feed those children a healthy ketogenic diet and they won't have seizures but also they won't have those other problems you know I was diving into some that research because I know we might go there and also I mean I think this is my perspective if you're on the diet you're losing weight on a ketogenic diet because you're overweight right and you're like well what about my thyroid well how's your energy how's your bowel movement are you used to have cold hands and feet like if your TSH drops or increases slightly but your symptoms don't exhaust me then who gives it right and one thing that a lot of people don't realize is that your TSH fluctuates daily it can go up or down three or four points from a day-to-day basis but nobody knows that because we've never done the study where we check your TSH every day for three months and just see what it does and you would see that daily fluctuation of a point or two or three but and so then if you get your TSH checked after you've been keto for three months and your TSH went down or went up you're like oh look what it did but that's not really that's not an important marker for thyroid disease the TSH is one of the least important markers right and especially for thyroiditis it's essentially meaningless and so so many people are running around with severe thyroiditis Hashimoto's or otherwise and they have no idea because all their doctor checked was a TSH and so then to come back around and say oh the TSH went up three points this is a bad diet for you you should stop it it's just it's kind of silly mmm yeah good point you missed the TSH and then you showed your labs a few months ago and I was really impressed your testosterone was in the 600's and free and I just had a client this morning I was reviewing his labs and his told he's only 34 big muscular guys strong guy I was expecting like nine hundred right and as T was in the four hundred range he's free was two I was like man that is crazy so did you notice the difference with going back to the carnivorous diet I know Shaun Baker talks about this a lot liked it he just free testosterone you know more recovery more kind of youthful vigor when I went from the Paleo diet which I was on for several years to the ketogenic diet I kind of felt like that I put on muscle and it's because when you go keto you're gonna just naturally eat more fatty meat right and but I don't know everybody said oh you look great you must be working out and I'm like no I don't don't work out but then when I switched to the carnivore died about ten months ago it had a noticeable increase in muscle mass and I'm like I don't know what's going on anisha's he was like are you doing push-ups when I'm behind my back or something no and so I think that like I said earlier I think we're built to be happy and healthy and vigorous and smart and strong look at the lion on the Savannah right he lays around his sleeps for three days yet when he gets up and walks he's rippling muscle he doesn't work out he doesn't lift weights he sleeps all the time until it's time to go home but when he eats the proper diets that's his body stays there that's where he stays that's his normal and and my contention is that's the human normal our normal is to be vigorous and healthy and strong and smart but when you introduce a slow poison like grains or like sugars are like vegetable oils we start to get sick and slow and stupid and so I think that when you start to refeed the human animal what it's supposed to eat it just naturally kind of goes back to a healthy youthful strong smart normal that's normal the normal that we've had for the last 50 years ain't normal it's it's it's the normal that you have when you eat slow poison three or four or five or six times a day good point there's that book folks this ain't normal he's a farmer I'm forgetting his name in North Carolina he was in a lot of different fed up in those different types of movies but he talks about how you know like kids for example don't go out and farm anymore throwing out the egg yolk and the whites so yeah this is a normal so I've read some research that age-related declines in testosterone are not normal that if you look at folks and uh none industrialized parts of Africa and South America you know like you've mentioned that patient that's 75 their testosterone might be five six hundred but why are you seeing like young men like loads oh yeah when I see a patient who's eating the standard American diet or the stupid American diet whichever you want to call it invariably they come in and I had one guy he was in his early 20s and he his chief complaint was I was watching TV and a cat food commercial came on and I teared up and started crying and a cat food commercial and I'm like oh you got loti I have to check your labs and it turns out he was 22 23 his total testosterone was 220 or something and so he had effectively become his grandmother right as a 22 year old and so when he was he was weak he was pale he just looks sad mentally and then just from a just looking at him he just looks sad like a sad weak little fella and so we started fixing his diet and we also optimized his testosterone and six months later when he came back I literally did not recognize who he was and so like five minutes into the interview I'm like mentally I'm like you're that guy holy crap yeah yeah and he was a completely different human six months later after he had stopped eating Cheetos and drinking Pepsi all day and had started optimizing his testosterone he was the human he was meant to be he was back to just that normal 23 year old good healthy good-looking strong vigorous guy that's how we're supposed to be and once you get the slow poison out of your diet and optimize whatever needs to be optimized this is normal yeah such a good point I think hormones are such a video for self-image self-esteem how we perceive the world around us and all that but let's kind of finish up on diabetes I know that's a huge passion for you as yours and and being in the South I've heard you say you know Patras just outside of Nashville the county that you practice in is one of the most unhealthy counties in the whole state of Tennessee in the whole state that's right yeah there's what 99 counties and I think it was 97 and so at that point I was like okay either I'm doing a terrible job or this is just a why why is that so right and so like symbolize I said there's got to be a reason what is the reason or reasons and so at that point the more I read and I started looking at other parts of the country and they were sicker than my county and I said you know this is ridiculous we've got an American Diabetes Association we've got all these endocrinologist we've got a type-2 diabetes medication commercial on TV every 10 seconds but yet the epidemic of type 2 diabetes is skyrocketing and not even slowing down at all for a minute there there was a blip in the end the curve and everybody's like Oh see it's getting better but then the next year it was going right back up again and so yeah and that that really pissed me off and I'm like this is ludicrous we're the word one of the most developed countries in the world and yet we're sicker we're on all these shots all these pills in eating this diet that's supposed to be helping but is actually not helping at all this is ridiculous there's room here for improvement and so I kind of made it my mission to to just at that point single-handedly try to do something to break the back of the of the twin epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes and so many of my videos are about that because it's ridiculous when a doctor says oh you have type 2 diabetes that's a permanent condition all you can do is take pills and shots and insulin and eat the American Diabetes Association diet that's terrible that's terrible advice that should be malpractice and I think five years from now will be looked at as malpractice but right now it's the state of practice and so that's it I can't I can't rest I can't not make videos and not go live well that kind of foolishness is going on out there and people's moms and dads people's grandparents are being given that information people are losing their grandpa they're losing their mom they're in the nursing home that had a stroke or they're dead or they've lost a foot or they're blind now I can't go out and play with the grandkids because I'm blind because of this damn type-2 diabetes that just infuriates me this is all this is unnecessary all this is can be prevented easily and I'm not talking about being prevented with $5,000 a month of medication I'm talking about just stop eating the slow poison that your doctor told you to eat such a good point I was looking at the American diabetic Association website because when I was doing research for the book belly fat effect I remember they recommended it was very high carb like processed food and it's slowly going more low carb very very delicately they're not using keto low-carb wordage but yeah they're very slowly backing away one day I was making a video about it and I was going to post a couple of pictures on their website of recipes that they recommended and so there's this breakfast it was it was it was whole-wheat pancakes orange juice and eyford what else I don't know and whole wheat toast probably and maybe one tiny little piece of meat maybe an egg white and so when I clicked on it it was gone it was not there and I'm like oh okay excellent very nice and I have also been watching the ad a website and there's very slowly starting to say you know you should need to eat carbohydrates are not bad but you shouldn't eat too many of them you should eat try to eat fewer carbohydrates yeah and they don't say you know you only have three macronutrients you have fat protein carbohydrates and so if you eat less carbohydrates you got to eat more or something and so not once if they said you got to eat more fat but they they are starting to say you shouldn't eat too many processed carbohydrates and that makes me happy yeah it's it's gonna be interesting seeing how they're gonna back people on this well for sure and I predict there will never be a press release where they say yeah we were wrong about all that that's never gonna happen cuz that's not human nature right so they're gonna slowly back away they're gonna slowly take down recipes they're gonna slowly take pictures off the website and ten years from now when you go to the American Diabetes Association if they still exist what you'll see is a bunch of pictures of meat and green vegetables and that's all you'll see on their website yeah which is pretty funny it's uh and they're gonna sell well we've been recommending this holding this whole time yeah of course everybody's know that the way to go yeah really that old management they they promoted that stuff you know yeah and it's gonna be very interesting as a studying human nature and anthropology how they're going to gently pull away from that without accepting blame because that's also human nature that's a good point yeah so I know you have a lot of great videos but if there was like three or two do you know four things that that someone that had pre-diabetes were had an aunt or an uncle or a grandparent with diabetes what are the I mean we already had to put the diet and stuff like that is that the most important thing in your absolutely died by diet is the only thing you should focus on it cuz I know that I'm a big proponent of the 80/20 right I want you to focus all your money and all your time and all your energy on what's going to give you 80% of your benefits don't waste your time and so I have all these people come in they're like well I pay to $85 for this probiotic and I'm like I'm not talking bad about the probiotic but you're focusing on the wrong thing right and so another great exam Blizz I've got a shotgun and I've got a BB gun Mike and I'm gonna shoot you with one of them which one do you pick duh right but so many people are focusing on the BB gun and ignoring the shotgun that's pointed right at their face and so I try to tell people it's very easy to fix your diet there are really three basic first step step one get rid of all sugars of all kind even locally-sourced and even organic organic locally grown honey is just as bad as honey from Walmart when it comes to type-2 diabetes next is to get rid of all grains and all grains are just as bad as any other grain whether it's whole wheat or whether it's bunny bread get rid of it get rid of oats get rid of corn get rid of the other grain right you want to you don't advise you don't want any grains in your diet if you're a type 2 diabetic because they convert immediately to sugar as soon as you digest them right and then step 3 is to get rid of all vegetable oils whether it's canola corn soy any of those guys safflower they got to go you've got to reuse real fats when you cook like buttering like lard in like ghee and like avocado and olive those are real oils that humans have been using for thousands of years and so if your if any of your food is made in a factory if it comes in a cardboard box if it has more than three ingredients its garbage it's gonna make your diabetes worse throw it away and so with those three steps most people can can improve their a1c score by 50% just by getting rid of those three things out of their diet you're gonna naturally replace those things with real food and then you're gonna get healthier great point I got a D on the other day from someone and she said I didn't know this person you know you get these random messages I know hey Mike I was I'm on this Herbalife or some sort of protein thing for weight loss and detox and stuff and I just wrote back it's probably crap what do you think about all these powders and potions and yeah they're all crap and so what what my usual answer is hey what do you think about this protein powder or this collagen powder or this branched chain amino acid powder my reply is eat mate two words eat meat and so a lot of times they're like they get a little triggered by that because it's like why I thought you're gonna help me I'm like I did but then also some people are like oh yeah mates got all that stuff doesn't it it's got all the amino acids it's got lots of protein that's got all the all the amino acids all the essential amino acids are in a steak or in an egg and so yeah stop that stop buying pills and powders and potions and I'll tell you what I think is going on in America we've been trained if you have a problem you go buy a product to solve that problem that's how we think and that's kind of the Western Way of thinking right whereas a more Eastern way of thinking would be if you have a problem what can you remove from the situation to fix the problem and so I think that we're we've gotten too gung-ho with our Western Way of thinking I need a powder I need a pill I need a protein bar I need a prescription no you just need to remove the slow poisons step one sugar step two grains step three vegetable oils when you remove those things your health gets magically better you don't have to go out and buy more products to replace those products you just have to eat real food such a good point yeah and you know people like ourselves and your wife you know what we're used to this going to healthy places to eat food and my food and all that stuff but when we travel like we are now going to an Airbnb I'm always impressed or actually I'm disappointed really but and all the it's always the the margarine I can't believe it's not butter and this was in New York was in Connecticut like every Airbnb that I go to it's like I have treats out for you make new friends because other people have been there I'm gonna leave the extra margin and stuff like that canola oil it's just crazy like we think as is the more you learn about the stuff in your social networks become healthier you think oh well no one eats that way but so many people the majority they try and that's why we have these epidemics that's why literally there are more people who are overweight and obese in the u.s. that are not it's over 50% now overweight and obese is the majority and it's because of that very thing you just said when you look in the fridge it's full of processed food like products not food and that's poison that's a slow poisoning so if I give you strychnine I'm gonna kill you dead in minutes right if I give you cyanide you're gone but if I give you canola oil you're not gonna be any you're gonna look fine you might have indigestion you might have some joint pain but you're not gonna make the connection because it's not immediate right it's a slow poison and so I think we've all been duped into eating these slow poisons thinking that it's healthy and it's led to all these epidemics of chronic disease that all of our loved ones are suffering from and it's time for to stop I've had enough it's time for it to stop and it's time for the regular person because obviously the experts in the ivory towers they're not going to hear this right now because you're basically calling into question everything they've ever said their entire career but if I tell you're my hairdresser and you tell your mechanic they're gonna go oh okay I'll give it a try and then all of a sudden their psoriasis is gone all of a sudden that need that he was on the joint replacement list for doesn't hurt anymore and he calls the surgeon who says yeah never mind right magic that's magic but it's really not it's just removing this low poison such a good point and it's funny I know you talked about this too but I do this all the time if I'm an uber or on an airplane I don't talk about we said what do you do I'm like I'm in sales and stuff like that and then they'll start talking about nutrition invariably and stuff like that and they get excited yeah I've heard about this keto thing I need to lose this belly fat you know as an uber driver I'm just sitting all day I said yeah give it a shot you only need to eat once a day and and stuff but anyway it's really interesting that this is catching on which is really good but getting back to what you were talking about with it mindset you were saying that you really get irritated and fired up when you hear about a grandfather you know who passed away from a stroke or is blind now do you feel and this is kind of transitioning is more personal type stuff to figure out what makes you tick we have a lot of practitioners and nutritious that to in and personal trainers one I like pick your brain on that do you feel like you have a calling like you're here you're here on this planet to do to influence people you have as a gift and so forth a lot of people kind of talk about that I was curious yeah I don't know about a gift but I definitely have a calling and I definitely feel like it's my job to fix this and I think every doctor if he if he meant his oath when he recited it she'd feel that same way and so maybe I'm taking a little more serious than the average practitioner but I feel like I took an oath to do that and not just to do it to patients who've paid Miyoko pay but to everybody because everybody's really somebody's patience everybody somebody's mom or somebody's daughter somebody's son and/or father they all need this information this is vital information I mean we're not talking about how I can increase the long-term percentage of growth of your IRA that's something we're talking about here we're talking about literal life and death we're talking about losing loved ones prematurely what other job does the doctor have than to prevent that that that's my only job and so I kind of took that seriously kind of meant that when I said that and so I consider then that every human to be my patient whether you've paid me a copay or not and so it's my job to reach out as far as I can reach and to preach as far as I can preach hey stop eating the slow poison and stop feeding it to your kids and stop feeding it to the hospital patients and stop feeding it to the nursing home patients and let's see how much better people get it's awesome you know a lot of people are scared to put themselves out there on social media exhale like I don't have the credentials or I don't look good on camera my ears are a weird shade my foreheads too but one of the side benefits that I've learned and I want to see if you you find this true was like the more that I put myself out there and like post pictures of the food I eat the stuff that we're doing it makes it holds me more accountable so I can't go out not that I do smoke but I couldn't go smoke a pack of cigarettes was that cognitive dissonance going on have you found that a side benefit of like helping other people is it actually in turn helps yourself a little bit yeah I'm pretty legit about this stuff I truly believe it and I truly live it on a daily basis but I think that one thing that posting your meals and talking about how you live because everybody says I want to see what you eat in a day and so when you post that they're like oh okay that's really what he does there I mean you know we were just at the Cheesecake Factory and I had a huge rib eye and three sunny-side up eggs and then we I had a bite or two of Nicias Brussels sprouts that's what I just ate just before I came here and I posted that on Instagram so that people go no he was just there I'm sure he didn't buy that steak in those three eggs and then throw him away and he'd eat cheesecake no and so did I have cheesecake at the Cheesecake Factory no I did not right and so I think you helps people to see you know he's a real guy and that's really what he ate today and I saw it and it's so it's almost like they get to see behind the scenes like okay because you know we've got so many examples of charlatans who were experts in their field right who turned out they were full of crap they weren't doing any of that stuff right and I predict that we'll find a few in our sphere as well who turns out yeah he wasn't doing that he was injecting this and doing that doing that and we don't know who they're going to be but they're gonna come out eventually because you can't live that life forever in the social media age right and so I think it's great for people to be able to see what did much lead what did Barry eat what do they eat I'll go to their Instagram they're showing you right now and so I think people can learn from that but also they can rest assured he's true blue he's really he's living this this is not just something he's trying to sell such a good point used to be a sales rep outside of Chicago and I went to a internal medicine clinic it was like integrative really they proposed like we cure hormone we do all this integrative stuff everything like that so I went to Whole Foods I'm like these guys eat like I do so I probably and they're all sitting around like this is to a healthy mic I'm like what you're like on your shingle is integrative functional medicine you're complaining about that the food was too healthy I mean I didn't bring him tofu I'm bringing him like you know there was like some rice fish and some salmon and but you know anyway it was pretty so it's totally valid point I was at a few months back I went to a medical conference and so they always feed us right and so everybody else was busy eating the pie and I was busy on my Instagram documenting all these fad doctors eating their pie like that's the story after story of look at this guy look at this guy look what they're eating and I was like videoing all the food and it's like yeah this is what doctors eat this is why they look like they look yeah that's a good point all right let's talk about what makes you tick your morning routines your habits like because you're cranking out content all the time you're doing these you know YouTube lies Facebook lies and bring in tons of energy they're getting shared by tens of thousands of people like how do you what contributes to your success in your energy you think I believe we want to say and I talked about this in the book but I was raised in a family very blue very poor and the the parable that I was raised on was don't do as I say do as I do and the fallacy behind that in the preacher you know he got caught in the bar smoking a cigarette drinking a beer in his congregation were like what the heck are you doing dude and he his reply was you do as I say not as I do and I was taught from a very early age that's not how a leader acts that's not how anybody who's anybody behaves you walk the walk and so that's that's kind of hardwired into me that I you know if I believe something I'm not only going to do it but I'm also gonna preach it to the masses and say hey this is working for me this is what I think you should do and so I think a big part of it is that and then the second part of it is this knowing calling inside me that all these people are getting sicker by the minute and you got to reach out there and get them and help them and so I think that's part of it plus I really enjoy talking I don't know if you've noticed that I haven't noticed that this couldn't notice you got the great book out lies my doctor told me and I think it's being revised and there's a new version as well coming out and then you have it you're working on a new book with talking all about diabetes and natural ways to improve diabetes blood sugar health we talked about iodine one of the questions we like to ask every guest on the show is if there's just one herb nutrient botanical or whole food you're on a desert island omega threes vitamin D all that stuff's covered but what's one thing you just couldn't live without food or supplement fruit them both just one thing you're like no supplement if all that's covered I don't make any supplements but I need rib eye mm-hmm yeah just a just a sore in my rib eye yeah I need meat I need animals on this island is that okay that's really a no if there are no islands I'll happily eat the veg because that's much preferable to starving to death but as soon as I can get back to my animal diet I'll do so love it if you were to bump shoulders with a politician in the elevator and the attorney said dr. berry you've been practicing over 25 years now yeah no no no no I'm not that old no I started in graduated in 2000 so what 18 years mm-hmm what if they sit down to bury you no we're losing here at this whole health care crisis saying we try to implement the Affordable Care Act it's not going so well what should we be doing I would you know maybe it's what we're eating maybe it's food and maybe we should stop eating food like products and start eating real food again maybe we should start eating the diet that our ancestors ate five ten fifteen thousand years ago because they did well in a much harsher environment than we live in maybe that would help love it so if folks are listening right now they're walking their dog and so forth and then what connects with you you have a bunch of different platforms what's the one you would want them to go to probably the You Tube channel and I probably do the best work there and I'm the most prolific there and if you just search for dr. berry on YouTube I think I pop up close to the top yeah yeah and some of your videos on YouTube they're crushing that was a little bit the video that I remember the most because we all love stories and humor is the joke when - what was it the American Medical Association said the ketogenic diets were status news your report came out with their diet issue and their all their dietary experts had decided that the ketogenic diet was the worst diet of all of once they listed and number one two three four and five was like Jenny Craig flex flexitarian white Watchers you know diets that have been around for literally 2025 years and haven't even dinked the obesity epidemic but but keto was brand new but it's the worst one of all how would you do that video and keep a straight face I'm pretty good it drives sarcasm because I was laughing my butt off when it would I was like I don't know how he did it and not smile because there was as you know the video got a lot of comments yeah and half of the comments were I hate you I thought you I thought you liked Kido I hate you now because they thought I was serious I was too dry and so I had to change the title ninja level sarcasm alert so that people would go oh this is sarcasm because so many people would watch one minute and go oh I hate him unsubscribe they thought I was serious but you know people love to react do you read the comments yeah sometimes I do but I get so many now I don't have time but every now and then I'll go back just for fun and reading in reply to a few but when I first post a video I try to reply to the first 20 or 30 comments because I want to be responsive but I mean some of my videos get a lot of comments and after period of times just hard to keep up it's time for me to impossible people but the negative ones aren't people brutal on YouTube yeah yo man I try not to let it get to me but sometimes I just want to write back and I'm like I'm gonna go take a walk mind I can I just usually send them a smiley face emoji yeah because they need in their life I think there's a lot of keyboard jockeys out there yeah and most of them are vegans or calories and calories out currently and I let me be clear I love both those guys and have a lot of respect for them but they're wrong but that doesn't mean that we should try to marginalize them or be mean to them I mean they I think that they're thinking they're just currently thinking incorrectly but the fact that they're thinking we should give them respect for that right because many doctors aren't thinking at all and so at least the vegans and the calorie restriction people are at least trying to make this make sense and what that's ultimately going to lead lead them to is us right it's okay with me and I'm happy for them to take their time they would get here eventually totally yeah I like to look at the research at the calories in calories out model but what they say and I've learned a lot about the these is Doug Hall there's another some dr. hall he does all these animal ma or sorry metabolic Ward studies I've learned from that but it's I think it's Kevin Hall it's the same it's like three days people are in a war in their tracking thing and then that's it that's short term short term yeah and so as soon as you if you when you do calorie restriction for enough days and enough weeks your body's not stupid the human body's very wise and very intelligent and so it interprets that immediately there's a famine right you're eating low-fat and your calorie restricting that's if that's the definition to your body of a famine and so it cranks down your your your body temperature half a degree it cranks down all your metabolic processes and so you just adapt to that and so yeah for the first week or two you may lose weight on that but immediately your hormones jump in and correct all that and your weight loss stops and anybody who's done Weight Watchers had lost a lot of weight to start with and then immediately plateaued and couldn't lose another pound that's what happened because every diet that US News and World Report's says at the top diets are calorie restriction models and so the only diet that addresses your hormones that hacks your is the ketogenic way of eating and paleo does it a little bit and if you're a meat heavy paleo that can do it as well and so I'm not against any of these other guys I'm just waiting for them to join us because if they're if they're truly diligently searching for truth they're gonna wind up with us that's a good point there was a paper that came out I think it was in September and it looked at resting metabolic rate associated with a low-calorie diet versus a low-calorie ketogenic diet and there wasn't that suppression and energy expenditure that you alluded to that's normally associated with suppressing calories so I thought that was really cool about the whole exactly yeah I'll put that link in the show notes but dr. Bray thanks so much for calling everybody and they appreciate it and I'm sure you guys already subscribed to dr. Berry's YouTube channel follow him over on Instagram there's tons of lives over there and also on Facebook every Sunday you guys do a live like every Sunday no matter what like so cool the consistency there and tons of people I mean you're sitting there answering questions like there's a bunch of comments coming in so check that out and please share this with a friend or family member hit that like button and I'll be fall in the comments as well on this video and we'll catch you on the next one thanks for tuning in guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @Highintensityhealth [201 likes]: Dr. Berry's updated and revised book just launched today! It's a great read, please check it out: https://amzn.to/2vvrtQs
  2. @evelynmitchell2888 [2 likes]: I wish I could have shared this information with my Mom. She passed away too early at only 71 years old. Almost everything Dr. Berry is talking about my Mom had to go through because doctors didn't know. I do remember her saying that her Dad used to say "you have to eat fat to lose fat" but he also succumbed to the dictocrats. He died in the early 1980's  to heart disease. 
In the last day or two she said to my little sister "I'm not hungry any more" So sad.
  3. @claudiaprimor1810 [1 likes]: Best Doctor,  Thank you
  4. @patriciakhaleghi1628: I was on thyroid  for 30 years. Suffered with weight and energy all those years. I took myself off of it when it didcno good.  Got on carnivore I'm losing weight easily energy level good . i should never have been put on thyroid I believe it was a mistake when I just needed to give up sugar!
  5. @IrinaZumba: Type 2 diabesity describes it, actually.
  6. @T.Bjarnason: 💯
  7. @ladyrocx9570: Im 67, I tried keto a few years ago, slowly slipped off of it.  I just went back on it.  I’ve already lost 12 pounds in 12 days.  Though weight loss is not my motivation.  I’ve got osteoporosis and hypertension.   I will not take the medication for my bones.  Too afraid.   Sooooo it’s diet for me.  My husband has kidney and heart issues.  He eats a small tub of ice cream daily and wonders why he can’t walk anymore because his arthritis is soooo bad.  But when I talk to him about it, he just gets mad at me.  Says I’m trying to take his only joy left in life.  He recently quit drinking.  So maybe he will come around later, I’ve stopped trying to convince him.  🤷‍♀️
  8. @Wherepigsflyfarm: Love this interview, thank you for sharing!! ❤
  9. @haripurwati7799: Sadly some individuals will not learn or listen until you take their money,   it's like your Boss not listening to your advice because you don't make enough money.
  10. @CharlotteBawel: 46 Lupus,RA,gastritis, Hashimoto’s thyroiditis and the list goes on. I am about in tears thinking I have lived a painful life and I this could be life changing for me. Scared to hope.
  11. @lakebloom5253: There actually aren’t any viruses causing disease. Look into it.
  12. @Veganasty: What a lot of bullshit. Hahaha plants make us wanting to eat their seeds to spread! That’s why fruits are often bright and sweet.
  13. @GoyumSlop: WoW.! 5 years after this aired & I get to watch, for the 1st time, two of my most respected people on nutrition.. Thanks.!!
  14. @joanneferndale101: Yep, its like smoking ...youlook at people smoking/ eating SAD way  ( SUK in Britain ...and hey it Sucks!!!)...and itsa shock 😮😮😮 surely people arnt still doing this ....???? !!!!
  15. @joanneferndale101: Whats the betthat thry try to advise swapping carbs for fibre😂😂😂😂😂😂
  16. @UltMiddle: I remember the first one; it was Neisha’s choice night and she was really excited to be with you and I think she had bangs. The spontaneity was magnetic
  17. @YisroelSimcha: Carnivore is the ultimate way to reset our bodies.
  18. @kimgreenlee4064: I watch carnivore videos all the time. I tried it for 3 months. I never felt better like all these other people do. I felt worse. Granted I did eat a little fruit and in the beginning I probably ate too much dairy that made me gain weight, but by the third month I did it more strict. I don’t have diabetes or high blood pressure or any of the regular problems but do have  some auto immune issues. I don’t understand why I’m not having the experience that all the others seem to have. Maybe I didn’t do it long enough.
  19. @evelynmitchell2888: Okay just had to take a break and rustle up some Ribeye, and ribeye chitlins. On with the movie.
  20. @melleeso2929: I have friends and family who think I’m crazy for being on carnivore.🤣🤣🤣

- Pie-making champion goes low carb: Kind: captions Language: en My wife and I went to holiday to France for three years and what happens when you go on holidays, you get into a kind of a default situation. If you go to France you eat croissant, pain au chocolat, baguettes, and everything else. It's what I did, came back, and I put weight on. Not happy. My name is Carl Smith, I'm 66, I come from South of England. I used to run and manage a restaurant and a pub in Mayfair, in the center of London. One of which, we were famous for our pies and I myself was the three times national state pie champion and also pie champion of the century. So that's been grand, but here we go. My situation was that for many years I was 15 or 20 pounds overweight. Not hugely obese but enough to, you know, not be happy basically. And I couldn't understand why, because I was always very active, I like skiing, dancing, table tennis, swimming, cycling and that type of things and I considered I was having a healthy diet. But I still carried these few extra pounds around my middle, a bit of a pudgy face. And I didn't think I deserved to be like that. So my daughter contacted me and said, "Dad, you need to go on a low-carb diet." And I said, "Really? What's this?" So she said, "Well, you don't basically eat sugar and carbs." So I said, "Okay I'll give it a try"... which is what I did. And 18 months later here I am, feeling very happy. I got myself into it by basically going online and finding out as much as I could and that's when I discovered Diet Doctor. This helped me tremendously because when you resolve weekends a little bit, you'll see the benefits that other people have had and I think it will inspire you and help you because clearly it's a big change for most people. You know, we've grown up eating chips and rice and pasta and bread and beer. It is a hard sell, but if you look into it you can make it work. One of the difficulties I thought I might encounter when I started low-carb was the idea that, "I can buy into this, but what about the people I live with?" Fortunately my wife, Pauline, she was on board too. She's always been pretty fit, but again probably wanted to lose a few pounds, so she came on board and we both ate the same food which I think made it a lot easier than you can imagine if you are in a family where some of the kids say, "I'm not having that", or whatever. So that made life easier. I've always been somebody that eats what I considered to be healthy food, but what I did notice in the afternoons I was always tired, wanted to lie down, I could never understand this. Food is supposed to give you energy. So what does make you feel tired? And I think discovering low-carb has made me realize that it's the carbs and the sugar in food that actually debilitates you. And since I've been on low-carb I found that my energy levels have been much higher, never feel tired in the afternoon and it's really quite a revelation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Moppemannen_mattias [7 likes]: ❤️low carb for 8 years now ❤️
  2. @patriciaHC767 [6 likes]: I was hoping for a fantastic recipe for low carb pies😔
  3. @johnnypenso9574 [3 likes]: This is my story.   The fat around the belly in spite of eating what I thought was a good, mostly plant based diet, the afternoon tiredness etc.  Keto solved those problems in a hurry.
  4. @my_foodlovelifestyle3645 [2 likes]: Best choice for your health.
  5. @gaypreator8547 [2 likes]: Love: Went on line, or, sought out information. Plus-bonus realized that Carbs debilitate you. 👍 Congratulations Pie Maker.
  6. @Photologistic: You can still have a couple beers if you give up the rest of it (bread, pasta, rice, potatoes).  But you will be tired after dinner, lol.

I visited several southern English pubs, and the roast beef pies are amazing.  I skipped a bit of the crust, but it was still so good I went back there a couple days later for another one.  I gained no weight on our trip thanks to keto choices (mostly) and IF!
  7. @health-gadgets: Love this

- Dr.Berg Interviews Keto Blogger Vivica Menegaz on Her New Keto-Paleo Cookbook: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys I'm back with a guest and this week we have vivica many guests did I pronounce that correct okay now I wanted to interview you because I actually have your book okay this little book right here so it's the keto paleo kitchen and I thought it was really cool because I'm always looking for good cookbooks and you also had another ebook that I had on keto bombs I don't have it that's all it's a it's a digital one it's a key is a real book oh this is the the everything little book of SCI bombs or something like yeah like yeah yeah Kindle I actually bought it and I used it in some recipes so I just wanted to I just wanted to bring you on and just ask you some questions today so because the book I'm like it's over the top you have I mean did you take all these pictures is a lot of work and at the beginning you know because I'm a blogger I used to be a photographer and like I wanted to take the pictures and the publisher is like we already have a photographer separate and I was like you know all sad and then I was like oh yes this is the best thing ever because it's too much work to make the recipes in proofread like yeah it's amazing and the thing that I liked about it is that if you're gonna you know talk about going on a ketogenic program you want it to be delicious I mean this looks like very satisfying it's not it doesn't look like a diet at all so you doctor you wanna hear something funny what's up action somebody left me an Amazon review I think yesterday and they were like I don't like this book is too gourmet for me and they left me a one-star review and I was like I don't know this is good or bad I should have downplayed it a little bit but I thought it was quite well I mean you put some time into this amazing so a couple things I want to bring up you do a lot of cooking you originally from Italy right so of course it's in your genes that you can cook because it's everyone can cook there right I always wanted to go to Italy but I know the food is do you go there on you go there often or just ok once a year just in the last year I wasn't able to go because I was too busy working but usually my parents are there so I want to use them Wow regularly someday I'm gonna go there I wanted to go there cuz I heard the food is incredible and I mean people just like everything revolves around eating right you go to dinner it's not a quick thing they sit down they chat they talk I guess you guys also eat later right okok 8:30 sometimes even 9 that's wild Wow I'm using bed by now what's that dinner goes for at least an hour you know yeah amazing ok so can you give me I want to know some tips on cooking certain things like any techniques like like I'm looking at this this meat here is there any tips because sometimes when I cook it just doesn't come out right it comes out like like rubber it's not tender so is there any tips that you can give us for cooking meat that is the right texture that's you know that melts in your mouth versus well I think like with ground beef you definitely can kind of mess it up but because there is like I use ground beef a lot especially in my daily life when I'm really busy and when you eat something a lot you really want it to taste good because if it doesn't taste so good like you're gonna not want to eat it you know so do one thing this really important source of a light is a cast iron pan and you know if I'm just cooking like you can cook ground beef in two ways you can have patty is kind of like burgers and then I put them in the cast iron or sometimes with my rich cast iron so I get a nice grill marks on them and or I can make it lose ground beef so it would be more if I'm gonna make write stuffing and a sauce to it or you know season in a certain way and roll it up in and leaf or lettuce leaf or whatever so but there are two different things so one is the patty and one is the loose crumbly one so when you do the patty you want to make sure that your cast iron pan is hot you want it really hard to sear the outside so you seal in the juices kind of like you do for a steak but what happens I don't know if you've ever seen it dr. Berg when you put your beef or your steak or your ground beef in a pan and then it's not hot enough and he just starts turning great yeah when simmering and losing all the blood and the blood kind of oozes out and turns gray and you know and then it tastes like wet laundry doesn't Brown so you want a nice brown caramelized outside like you know so that seals in the juices it gives you that nice roasted you know grilled flavor and then the inside I prefer to cook my me to medium-rare cuz you know you probably know all about the benefits of raw protein god forever yes you know and so I try to leave the inside pink or if the beef is really good it's not frozen it's just fresh like in Italy we eat a lot of raw meat and in America is like oh my god really it is crazy but we have carpaccio which is the thinly slice and I have a version of carpaccio in there kind of sneaky you know not quite as rise in Italy this one is seared but in Italy we just eat straight romaine ground raw meat as well but it's really fresh and they take the whole piece of meat and then they they mean say and then they serve it right away so the bacteria doesn't grow so I am used to eating raw meat and so I like my burger kind of raw inside by le soir so I will sear them on the outside get a nice flavor and then you know do my salt and pepper and then I'll turn down the heat I'll turn MC the other side and then we turn down the heat and you just keep an eye and you want to get an inside sometimes you can just leave and remove them from the heat and let them rest which is really good for me and that makes them really gendered so not just to stake by even your sander burger patty and I make a bunch sometimes because I you know if I'm super busy like most days I just make a bunch of just a simple patties or the big boss and and then I just let him sit there and rest and then I mean one or two and the rest is for you know my next meals and so when you do the crumbly beef inside same thing you want the pot the cast iron pan to be first big enough because if it's too small same thing it's the beef is gonna just sit there and simmer turn gray and not brown and well you know you want a nice wide skillet and you want it really hot and you want your beef to be a room temperature very important you don't want it to be cold straight out of the fridge because then you have the temperature shot and in order to bring the inside to temperature it takes a lot longer the outside is not going to brown in the same way so take a deep package of beef be a steak or the ground take it out at least an hour or two hours before make sure it's nice and warmed up all the way through then you put it into your super hot cast iron and you quickly like move it around enough to get an even sear all around and then depending on what you're making if it's something that you're gonna eat just like that you might want to just again not overcook it and leave that some of the pink protein and if you're gonna make it into something like a sauce I can make a modified bolognese sauce for a keto version keto paler version of Bolognese then I want it really cooked because it's then gonna cook with the tomato for another I don't know how long so I will get all my beef nice and brown and brown all the way through pretty cooked through and then I will add my tomato and keep it they usually don't add a lot of tomato sauce because you know it's too Caribee but I will add maybe one roasted tomato that I roasted myself and that would just kind of give you the texture and the flavor got it you know when you go to the grocery store it's hard to find a fatty meat because mainly it's like if it's like 95 percent lean and you're buying this hamburger and try to cook it there's no fat it comes out terrible terrible you can't cook with lean hamburger right I mean it's disgusting yeah I didn't honestly really buy a lot of over the counter grocery store meat just because he comes from factory farms were you behind I buy I try to buy from the farmers market as much as I can and also have these what are they called hope I'm having a blank but there is a crowd cow yeah there crowd cow so I use them occasionally when I can't find good me to run but they source cow shares so when I used to live in Northern California I went to the farmer and now I'm back near Los Angeles there is not enough farmers so I used crowd cow and just like buy some pal shares from down and then I stuck him in the freezer and I can get a good quality of ground beef yeah I really choose not to eat factory farm beef is not good for the planet and is not good for the person yeah you'd have to do and I recommend everyone do grass-fed organic beef now question when you buy tomato sauce loaded with sugar in Italy do they put a lot of sugar in the tomato sauce like the authentic they don't you actually can find some Italian products here you know we have a very famous product this cup for me and that's what I grew up with it is like just tomato puree and because we are so many tomatoes in Italy but they just say right to me puree them pasteurized them and put it in a can like the milk cartons and that's what we use so in Italy this is the main product that we use we don't really use sauce because you make your own sauce and that is the base for the sauce so if you want to make sauce you got your puree of tomatoes and then you reduce it yourself with olive oil and spices and whatever you want to use so there is no other ingredients that tomato so what then what's the secret to making it taste so good you know the Italian sauce and it's really the key right and that's the secret to make something see the ingredient I think is I well of course good tomatoes and you know they need to be sweet cuz I greenhouse Tomatoes right they don't really do it but I think the real secret ingredient is time and making sure that like you cook your sauce down so you start with tomato puree and you can do what we call sofrito so you chop a little bit of onion and just a little bit a little bit of garlic lots of olive oil and you just Brown those a little bit ooh first flavor and it can be like a tablespoon you know it doesn't have to be a lot but it gives it a flavor mmm and then you just put the tomato puree on it and you just let it cook for a long time and yeah and like maybe a couple of leaves of basil white liquid cocaine just again you add some flavor to it but the real you know it concentrates it down enough and then you know it concentrates the sugars what we need to kind of watch out yeah that's always always the point hey I wouldn't have a question you mention in your book it's called keto paleo now why do you call it paleo keto paleo well those would know me they don't know I come from a paleo background but I my paleo dream was kind of shattered that the chef found out I was pre-diabetic and paleo wasn't working so good for me because like my bless you girls were like I play crazy so I had to transition from Geneo to Quito but I did not just forget paleo because I started doing it to Jenny because I knew the principles of my food were good so for me what keto paleo means is that you eat fresh food you eat whole foods you eat unprocessed foods you don't need junk food and then on top of it you use ketogenic ratios I also don't eat dairy especially well it's both an ethical question but as especially a hormonal questions because as as a woman I know that the dairy really messes with me and with my hormones which ruin my life so I avoided air and do way better without it I can have it as a treat but in general I try to be pretty strict about the clean paleo diet with ketogenic ratios so I don't do all the sweeteners the maple syrup honey you know all those things and the deserts of the Paleo diet it's a pretty simple diet and you know I try to focus really on healing foods because that's what I do in my practice I use a lot of food and the diet as a staple for helping people get better and I know dr. bird you agree with me because you know I stalk you on Facebook so we have a lot of things in Casa fear and I love your approach about you know Whole Foods and you know clean foods organic grass-fed and how you know I also love the way that you explain the physiology behind it at some it's really awesome oh thanks yeah I think I think we're on the same page probably like 95 98 percent of the time there's I guess there's one thing that you talk about on your website that we can just bring up and talk about right now but has to do it I guess menopausal females that have adrenal issues you don't recommend in fasting right yeah especially as they get into menopause so perimenopausal to menopausal that delicate transition I know I know you're a big fan of intermittent fasting and I eyes can see your points for sure and I know that most people are there lots of people out there can benefit from intermittent fasting but for me it really seems like this specific kind typology of person so as a woman and usually is between 45 to 54 55 in that transition period and it just seems like their adrenals cannot take the intermittent fasting and if it spikes their blood sugar it makes them tired me makes them more hungry seems to spike the insulin it just works in all the wrong ways so I usually don't even recommend trying it until I can work with them enough where I can get them to like get their adrenals back on mine I just say don't do it alright cool hey can I show you one thing oh yes okay good I'm drawing a picture right now I'm gonna show you something I love your pictures under board so right here can you see this okay yeah okay so we have a chart right here's the blood sugars here's normal and it spikes and then it drops down right here one of the purposes of the adrenal is to stabilize the blood sugars to counter low blood sugar so when the blood sugar when someone is hypoglycemia because they have too much insulin the Drina kinks in there and starts releasing sugar so cortisol is called a glucocorticoid it's a glucose hormone so it kicks in right here and it's supposed to bring it back up but if you have an adrenal problem like most women that get in their 40s and 50s they're not going to be able to stabilize the blood Sugar's so they're gonna tend to have low blood sugars more than not and so now if we add it in a minute fasting what's gonna happen they're gonna crash and burns they're gonna feel kind of funky they're gonna get headaches Moody they're gonna have a heck of a time now here's my point their body is breaking down protein too fast that's why they get atrophy they you know they start they have a hard time losing weight so the metabolism is is messed up so my viewpoint is it's the only diet they should focus on because if they don't they'll never be able to fix the metabolism and the problem and if you really understand what's happening if you fix the adrenals and do it on a very small little level the dream the blood sugars will get better and better and better until the point where they will no longer get hypoglycemia then what'll happen now they're really in ketosis and fat burning and the benefit of that is going to be huge especially for when they get into a toffee G which is the recycling of proteins because their cortisol is breaking down protein too fast so we want to reverse that catabolic effect and the collagen etapa g is like it's like the best anti aging increases growth hormone so really they might feel bad when they start doing it but if they take enough B vitamins vegetables potassium and their fat at the meal and do it at a smaller little gradient it's gonna be the best for them long term but initially they're gonna feel like hell if they try to go to one meal a day or two meals a day too fast that makes sense yeah well you know I really appreciate your knowledge and I really appreciate wisdom and I I'm gonna put some guinea pigs through that yeah yeah my poor patients know I have I have patients that really want to try and I'm just gonna practice and see like how your approach works and I have a good feeling that you know the increments the support with supplements which is sometimes really crucial I think that that can make all the difference and bring us where we need to go yeah you should try because right now I have thousands and thousands of menopausal women doing this with amazing amazing success but the problem is they have to once they get it and understand they're gonna have to go through a phase of kind of blood sugar stuff but we do it real slowly it's very comfortable but when they get through it they finally are able to lose the weight because the number one complaint for menopausal female is they can't lose weight no matter what I know and so the benefits of getting them into a full ketosis see the thing is that they just do ketosis without any minute fasting it might not be enough to help them lose anyway unfortunately so because to fix insulin you have to eat less frequent that's the whole point well I like your idea about that briefly we touched on it before and there are other interview but I really like your idea of like moving the meals further away like one hour every like week or every day like you know as fast as they can take it and just slowly spacing them out spacing them out so mmm I think that is a very workable approach and like I'm game okay games good and I'll just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for those people that don't know what I'm talking about let's just take a pic like you're eating three meals a day right breakfast lunch in there first step is don't eat any snacks okay add fat a lot of vegetables maybe some B vitamins natural nutritional yeast and then the second thing is you slowly push your breakfast forward an hour so you're comfortable and don't eat if you're not hungry so we can go longer in the morning if you if you're hungry in the morning we know your blood sugars are messed up if you wake up in the middle of night and you're like seriously hungry we know you have hypoglycemia so we have to slowly bring this breakfast later until it's like eleven and then twelve and then one and then now you're actually at two meals a day that alone will probably be enough to be very successful with your weight with your hormones and then some people push it even today but the more times you eat the worse it becomes with insulin so that's the point unfortunately it's kind of one of those things but you'll see you'll save a lot of money from all the food that you eat and then you can focus on buying more quality food I have people say oh I'm on the budget I can't afford it I'm like that's right because you're eating six times a day and you're eating the wrong food but it's very it's not it's not too bad hey I want to shift gears you have these things right here like Kido Kido balm type things and I noticed that I guess here the sweetener you're using it's called LeConte Oh what is that Kanto about a year ago when I met on the makers of Lepanto had a with an event and I kind of got the chance to pick your brain a little bit because so you know honestly dr. Berg there is no sweetener that I would say green-flag hundred percent if you ask me really don't use it just skip it you know that's the goal ideal but you know I also understand how especially when you transition away from a conventional diet you need some transition anchors so switching from traditional sweets to Quito sweets is a good stop you know it's a very good way for you to win off the excess sugar and access carbs and kind of transition into like a very lower much lower carbohydrate kind of treat and we all want to treat sometime you know so there is nothing wrong with that what it is what does look at our canto is monkford sugar butt isn't such a small tree sugar so it's like let's say it's a percentage of monster sugar with a reach at all and you know I did some tests on myself and on some patience or so kind to take tests with me in some mini clinical study done in practice and we tested blood sugars with all kinds of different sweeteners to see how different blood sugars would react and what I found is that of my patients and myself a lot of people are really sensitive to xylitol and xylitol will still spike your blood sugar that was maybe like eight out of ten people with the research or four out of ten people had no reaction I mean as a four out of ten had a reaction so six out of ten and no reaction with it and when they did have a reaction it was much smaller and if the spike was there but it was really my new so you know I think it's also part of like the never lingual response and the receptors to the flavor suite that do their own thing you know aside from the actual carbohydrate content so you can never fully detangle them in my opinion but um do you remember when you did the study did you how much quantity you used to remember how much you used to it is it a been awhile ago sir a tablespoon in a recipe and we did a couple of years ago so I don't remember which recipe I use and you remember it was something simple and I gave him a couple of options for a recipe and they told them test yourself and then we tested stevia as well and I think that was it because I don't recommend things like Splenda or anything that's fully artificial chemical you know synthetic so I don't commend that but of like the naturals more natural sweeteners and the sugar alcohols that's what we are tested right cool yeah Retreat all seemed to do the best with less gastric upset you know and last side-effects and last blood sugar spiking mm-hmm cool well I'll just mention because this comes up a little bit I have an ice cream that I have a couple different sweeteners in there but one is xylitol but I use a non-gmo but the the point is that the if you're consuming one serving size which is three quarters of a cup not the whole thing you're doing such a small amount of xylitol it's so insignificant so a lot of times when people do tests and they do it online they're consuming a lot of it and there is a bit of a glycemic index on xylitol compared there we throw at all but there's less digestive stuff than a wreath wrote all because I'll notice that some of the ice creams that have a wreath wrote all people have to run in the bathroom but xylitol doesn't create that effect nearly as much but it will spike the insulin a little bit more if you have a lot of it so but the problem is when you use eyelet all and not I'm sorry when you use a wreath role and not the xylitol with the ice cream you can't get the texture you can't get the texture so we've tried a lot of different things and we finally have something that tastes exactly like ice cream if not better creamy and it's awesome and now we're gonna put Kido bombs in the ice cream so yeah but that's meant as a you know it's kind of like as you do this you might not need the kita bombs but it's nice to be able to have that occasionally and just to kind of treat yourself and Plus people that when they begin they be are so used to the junk they need something to transition off that junk food but yeah I mean I'm transitioned and I still eat your ice cream you know I think it's delicious and like I really have it in the freezer and when the urge comes I'd rather go to that then you know something bad where do you stand sometimes doesn't want to make it yourself like you know and most days I'm so busy that if I manage to produce a recipe every couple of weeks for my blog is a good thing you know but and to have something like that ready new freezer is just pretty awesome and you can feed it to people when they come visit so you know to bring their junk ice cream yeah yeah and my thing right now I'm working on trying to get it into some stores which is a little bit of a transition but because the the shipping is a bit expensive but the the key to bomb in the ice-cream is to die for it's like literally so much pleasure you're eating this thing you're like it's just so high in fat which it's like oh my gosh I just it's just so satisfying you don't need much enough is like right after the meal I mean that's when you do like the two meals a day or one meal a day and you have that you're good it's not gonna cause weight gain so all these other ice creams are focused on low fat I'm like no let's like let's go more in fat coconut oil whatever and just load it up and that way you can not have it as often yeah well thank you so much for this interview this is the book keto paleo kitchen it's on Amazon you guys can check it out it's awesome very high quality you should have told me that you did the pictures because I would be like what no there's I'm just teasing but it's very high-end it's like it's just like very appetizing nope very low carb so well done it's probably my favorites one of my favorite things about that book that it has a special binding when you put it down it lays flat on the counter and it doesn't break oh that's nice pretty thick so even if you spill stuff on it it's not really gonna stain so it's like a kitchen proof book yeah you put a lot of work into this I can tell so well done because I know what it takes to write a book and it takes blood sweat and tears so well done well thank you so much and we enjoyed the interview and we'll do some more of these soon okay okay thank you so much dr. burns awesome all right you're welcome I'll see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidecavacece9429 [4 likes]: Come on Dr. Berg, we wait you in Italy ! ;-) 🇮🇹
  2. @billybob6307 [3 likes]: Hey im 16 male. I take Vyvanse. A amphetamine for ADHD. It helps me when i study in school. Its a stimulant and i was wondering if that will break a fast. And can i fast while taking vyvanse. Love your videos man
  3. @susansauls8902 [2 likes]: This is so smart of Dr. Berg to have her on a video. There are things they were able to share with each other and learn from each other.
  4. @BlazingLove316 [2 likes]: She seems so joyful, bless you Vivica!
  5. @SessieHoops [1 likes]: How long would it take a very depleted menopausal woman to fix her adrenals if she takes supplements, rests and follows a keto diet?
  6. @susansauls8902 [1 likes]: I did not know xylitol can spike blood sugar. I use xylitol gum sometimes. I will be more careful about using it now.
  7. @amitsingh8217 [1 likes]: hey dr . berg ,excellent quote on keto diet  "loss weight feel great"
  8. @MsStack42 [1 likes]: She can't remember the name of her own book?
  9. @rachkate76 [1 likes]: Vivica has also said that people with liver issues shouldn't have erythritol, so I've avoided buying it here in Australia. 
Sometimes stevia doesn't cut it for some recipes.
  10. @rachkate76 [1 likes]: I've heard that women and pre menopausal women like me in particular, shouldn't do extended fasts.
Thomas DeLauer also said women shouldn't do extended fasts because it messes up the hormones too much.
  11. @earthmedicine27 [1 likes]: Dr. Berg you are so awesome!!
  12. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  13. @wordivore: Xylitol give me diarrhea. 
Dr. Berg seems like he's trying to one up Vivica in how they do things. 
Weight loss isn't always the most important thing. If someone has hypoglycemia and can't IF then it can do more harm than good.  Slow and steady. Vivica helps people get to that point and frankly it sounds like you both agree so I don't get what he was getting at there. 

And finally, this woman is a nutritional consultant and Eric could've asked so many more questions pertaining to that but instead made a point to grand stand his idea of how he's right, get cooking tips and ask about how things are done in Italy. Seriously?    Dude, you came off as a condescending jerk.
  14. @rochellestevenson8519: I love xylitol easier  to digest and taste better
  15. @Rachna888: grt video
  16. @kamalali5907: Dr . Eric I wanna ask you  questions what's your email
  17. @Gxsneg.editorrr: Raw meat, no way. I cook them, make Kababs and curries.
  18. @ManJO601: Dr. Berg I have been told that this Apple cider vinegar is good to also reduce a swollen  prostate. Is this  also True? Thankyou
  19. @Legende87: Try to eat 4000 calories in a keto diet .. you Will gain weight for sure
  20. @Legende87: Again : keto or just low carb is for losing water retention , i lost a lot of kilo's even in a High carb/ protein diet ... its just calories in and calories out.

- Keto Success Story | Meet Scott, He has lost 146 Pounds and still going on Keto: Kind: captions Language: en i'm james and i'm emily we show you our actual weight loss journey with the keto lifestyle make sure you hit the like and subscribe buttons and don't forget to check us out on facebook and instagram but most importantly don't forget to get ready set keto all right we are interviewing mr scott edel jr he also has a channel a brand new youtube channel so after you watch this interview go check him out at platt river keto yes he just started this channel about a week ago i think four videos in now and his story is so inspirational and motivational and it's just so fun to watch his journey so here we go we are with scott odle from platte river keto is his new youtube channel yes and scott has a very good story that is still continuing yes very motivational very inspirational and we just want him to be able to share that with everyone all right so scott you can introduce yourself yeah um scott odle i've been keto for just over a year and like you guys said i'm definitely in the middle of my journey um i've probably lost more weight than some people will ever lose but i've got a ways to go yet um and uh yeah excited to be with you um just barely started my own channel literally a week ago so i'm i'm brand new to all of this but uh yeah excited to be with you guys tonight congratulations on your video too your new youtube channel all right so my first question that i had for you was what made you decide i want to do keto what made me decide i wanted to do keto well i um like a lot of people that you probably here have tried had tried just about anything you could think of to lose weight in my adult life and had done nothing but gain weight over i really i started gaining weight when i was a teenager and lost a little bit a couple of times but just never had any success with anything i had really gotten desperate because i had gotten to the point where i could not walk around the block uh really without having to stop i had i had a lot of back pain and i um had had a vacation uh where my family and i went to florida and we had a nice beach house two blocks from the beach and i could barely get from the beach house to the beach and i couldn't sit down on the beach because if i did i wasn't getting up again um so if i did go to the beach i would go into the ocean and when i was done with the ocean i'd go back to the beach house because i literally could not stay on the beach and that was really that was the day where i was like i've got to try something different and uh a friend of mine had reached out to me months before and said hey you want to hear about what i do and uh i finally said you know what it can't be any worse than anything else i've ever tried um and so he he actually is carnivore uh and still is and so that was actually it went straight from the standard american diet to carnivore um and made my way over to quito but uh yeah so it's kind of crazy so you started with carnivore and then major way over to keto i hear a lot of people usually say they start keto and then make their way into carnivore when when we try to move the when we do beef butter bacon and eggs we've done that for two months individual when we go back to keto we feel like we're cheating did you feel like you were cheating i you know i really did because i it was literally and he the guy that i started with is such a purist i mean he's like he's one of those people that that i think has inflammation issues with even like uh just regular black pepper and so he's like and beef and that's it and so that's kind of what i started on and like you said when i decided i wanted to go quito and you know be able to have some some leafy green vegetables to some degree and you know add a few things in here or there and oh my goodness i could have a keto treat maybe if i wanted to it's like yes i'm totally cheating yeah and i was editing that lady it's uh i i would think that that would be a good way to start be really restrictive in the beginning and then relax a little bit i mean everyone's different you know i've listened in your videos about how you're not good at like moderation like you can't have one cookie you said yeah no that's true i'm and and my wife who started doing keto with me she started a couple of months after i did i started in july of 2021 she started in october and she's what i call a moderator like she can she can have a cookie today and be right be right back on keto tomorrow now me if i have a cookie i don't i want all the cookies that all i might even run to the store and get more cookies and uh you know right he he can't even buy the hi-lo keto chips very often because he can't just have one so i can't just have one serving right it's the bag well i got i have that problem still with nuts i i've really like almonds or sunflower seeds or peanuts or whatever like and they're definitely varying opinions on whether or not you should have those anyway but like theoretically they're keto uh but yeah a serving of nuts for me is like a good start yeah so i i kind of have to stay away so how much weight have you lost total as of this we lost 146 pounds that is awesome did you say 146 146 yep i started at 475 and i am 329 and change right now 329.8 but do you have a goal weight in mind i would love to see a one in front of my weight so my goal is to 199. i i am not very tall i i think i mentioned that in my very first video i am not quite 510 i'd love to say i'm 5 10 but i'm not i'm five nine and a half so 199 probably isn't uh what uh the establishment would call like ideal but uh we'll get a one in front of my weight and we'll go from there wonderland yeah i decided you know my original our original goals were set to be under the obese you know for me it's 210 i need to be under 215 to not be obese but you know then it becomes i'm just going to go where keto takes me and that's probably where you you know you just never know where it's going to take you i mean it could take you to 180. exactly and i've heard you say this and it's definitely true for me too yeah it could take me to 180 but the fact the matter is is it's a lifestyle for me now yeah i i know i know i was listening to you guys in your story when you started you know that it started out as a diet and i think that's kind of true for everybody when i started out i thought you know i'm going to try this for a couple of weeks it's going to work just as terribly as anything else i've ever tried right yeah and and it's going to go away but it didn't take very long for me to go this is how i want to live this is how i want to be it's not i'm not going to get to my 199 and then go back to what i used to do because what i used to do is just i felt like crap all the time yeah and uh so yeah and now you know too much right now i know too much yes yes you say that to you which is very true i i know too much to go back to that yes so just what is your what is your keto if someone says what exactly are you doing other than just saying keto like what is your keto sure um it's pretty simple to be honest um it's you know meat first and i have a group of vegetables that i eat you know the low-carb vegetables and that is mostly it i would say that i probably i haven't even really set it in stone but i'll do some kind of a keto treat maybe once a week right um and that's usually actually a homemade kind of a treat like my wife and i will bake something uh or make something um but that's kind of it uh it's really simple it's not really easy but it's really simple um i don't count anything really i mean if you had to ask me i i would say like a lot of people you know 20 grams of carbs i try to stay under but with what i eat i don't have to worry about that very much right um just because i i'm really probably on the key divorce side of keto i you know there are some times where i'm literally having you know beef and ground beef and then uh cheese which i do so i definitely do dairy i know some people don't i do full fat dairy uh you know i do heavy cream and i do cheat full fat cheese um but a lot of times it'll be mostly meat and the and the vegetables are kind of like a garnish i know dr barry talks about like that you know like vegetables being your garnish and i that's kind of how i think of them i'm not having like a quarter of my plate filled with a salad or something i'm i'm having it just to give some variety to my meat right yeah that makes sense um do you so you wouldn't say that you really track or do you do modified fasting or omad or anything like that you know i have done uh i have done omad on occasion and i've done some of the intermittent fasting i guess is what they'd call it but almost kind of almost unintentionally and that's really because as i've become fat adapted and and been on keto for a while i'm not hungry in the morning i and that's just that's what works for me so when i get up i i don't eat until uh my lunch hour uh you know at work i usually eat at 12 or 12 30 and then i try to have dinner uh before six so i'm kind of like 18 hours fasting and six hours eating but it's right it's not a hard fast rule for me if i have to be hungry in the morning i'll have breakfast that day um but i'd say probably 90 of the time i probably eat lunch and dinner and eat in about a six hour window that's yeah yeah that's kind of what we do as far as not intentional like for him i have to intend i i intentionally try to have an eight-hour window otherwise it just you know i just snack all day so you know i try to eat you know later than 11 and earlier than you know my last meal earlier in seven and i gave up breakfast in the very beginning that's right yeah just out of curiosity you know there's there's the bbb and e craze have you ever attempted that i haven't not since i started it let me like i told you guys i was probably the most extreme as far as uh restricting myself when i very first started just because the person that i started with um i i've heard you know i know two crazy ketos are doing that challenge in uh september i i'm not against it i think it's great i think it's a good idea it's it's something that i almost want to keep in my back pocket if i if i kind of stall a little bit i i haven't um i haven't really stalled since i started the closest thing i've come is like two or three weeks in a row where my weight has stayed the same or as i mentioned i work as a tax accountant during tax season when i'm working 70 hours a week i didn't lose a whole lot of weight for those couple of months but that had a lot more to do i think with stress than anything i was eating so but i like to keep the beef butter bacon and eggs kind of in my back pocket for the if if i kind of go a month or a two where i'm where i'm not really seeing anything i think it'd be a good kind of a reset if that makes sense good reset or a good tool to use yeah tool is probably a better way to say that absolutely all right what is your go-to keto meal my go-to keto meal like if you is there a certain meal that you probably eat you find yourself eating every week yeah more often oh i know that this sounds funny because it's such a simple thing and it's certainly not cheap but i love ribeye steak and uh yeah living in nebraska i've got good access to beef and so just giving me everybody snake that i cook on my smoker and if i'm really feeling like i i want a uh you know a whole meal i'll get a thing of mushrooms and put some butter and salt and pepper and throw those over the top of my steak and that's if my wife's not a town that's pretty much what i have yeah it sounds wonderful we love rely it's just you know sometimes we're buying for four and we just don't get it very often [Music] oh pretty good and like i mean like i can't you can't have it all the time nobody can afford ribeye all the time i'd say my my number two would probably literally just be like uh local uh and again it's nice to have access to the ranchers and that sort of thing but i buy ground beef directly from somebody who's just had a cow butchered um and just doing like a pound of ground beef and kind of picking your whether it be taco kind of seasoning or like a burger seasoning or like a philly cheesesteak kind of you know that that sort of thing and literally just doing a pound of ground beef and do you think you would ever get tired of beef no and i will tell you that my wife who keto is with me is not that way um she's not and she likes beef don't get me wrong she likes beef but like when we go out to eat if we go to a steakhouse or whatever she tends to try pretty much anything but the steak um not that she doesn't like snake but she's the she's gonna go get that chicken breast or she's gonna get that salmon fillet and i am steak every time so yeah now that one of my questions was going to be because i wasn't 100 sure if your wife was doing keto with you um but one of my questions was going to be obviously going through a journey like this is better with somebody um better together do you who would be your biggest supporter definitely my wife um she's she's amazing and i i know that you may not have seen it because i actually shared it today but my wife my wife has lost about 30 pounds uh she was probably in healthy range when she started so it wasn't uh it wasn't that for her but you know she i think started doing it more to support me than anything else i started started doing keto with me just to support me but she stayed for the health benefits you know she and she'll tell you that she started keto just because it was easier not to make two separate meals uh and we still kind of do we do we do a little bit um our our kids kind of do things that aren't you know we buy buns for our kids or tortillas for our kids that kind of go along with the meals but um she started doing keto just to be supportive of me and and next thing you know i mean she she's lost some weight and she kind of looked in the mirror one day and was like wow this is crazy and she we just took school photos our kids first day of school or my dog first first day of school today was today and you know we take pictures on the front porch and you compare last year's picture with this year's picture and it's amazing like what the difference is for her that's pretty awesome but she's definitely my my biggest supporter for sure that's awesome where are we at let's see here okay i would like to know what is the biggest mistake and hopefully it was early on when you started keto and i can tell you ours and you've probably heard it we treated ourselves every week that we lost weight in the beginning which kind of you know set back yes it set us back it made us go through the keto flu longer it took longer to be fat adapted i was just curious if you had any like big mistakes like oh don't do that um gosh let's see by the way i heard that you guys did that i don't know how you did that every week i uh when you started i mean like that it was cool that you were able to keep doing it but i never would have been able to get away with that i don't think getting to having the cheat meal every week or whatever but that's cool that you did it i mean i think it was that we just felt so horrible afterwards that it was like why are we doing this and then we would do it again you know when i finally agreed to do keto again i felt so bad and i felt like i was dying like i was only 314 pounds and i say only because you were 475. my knees everything hurt and and i couldn't imagine starting at the weight that you did because of how bad i hurt you know i was four i was 43 when i started and i was just miserable and i remember that aha moment just a month in on keto i was walking down my hall at work and i remember just smiling my leg doesn't hurt anymore and well okay so what we've gotten aside here so i'm gonna first i will tell you the things i finally thought of something that really was the thing that i shouldn't have done that i did but i will tell you one of the awesome things i think about keto is how quickly i felt better like you said can you imagine being 475 yeah i couldn't hardly imagine that was me but it was amazing how within a couple of weeks of starting keto i could walk better and i could walk better and walk you know i could walk around the block where i couldn't do that before because my back didn't hurt and i always had attributed my back pain to my weight and don't get me wrong i'm sure it has something to do with my weight carrying like two people in front of you is not a not a good thing for your back but it was crazy how fast my back pain was 90 percent gone uh that was so quick that was one of one of the things that really helped me when i first started you know even before the weight had started to melt off was like yeah i want to do this because i don't feel like crap when i wake up every morning and oh that was huge now for the thing that i did i started uh keto in july like i said and um obviously a very busy stressful time of the year for me is uh basically january to april 15th when taxes are due and i kind of developed the habit of sugar-free soda which was not something that i i'd never have had soda on a regular basis i i i hear people who like stop drinking soda and lose 30 pounds and i always thought that would be cool i wish that that had been me but uh i never drank soda so like i started drinking soda part way through my keto journey um i think i was kind of just dealing with stress and was stress eating but that was the one thing don't pick up any bad habits you don't already have when you're on twitter that was i picked up a bad habit i didn't have and i and i i got rid of it i think after a couple of months every once in a great while i will treat myself to uh do a sugar-free soda of some kind but uh yeah but yeah you know if you don't have a bad habit that you're hearing somebody else talk about in the keto community don't pick it up so i heard you say that there's times that you went off plan a few times did you was there immediate results as far as like the next day did you feel like as bad as we have when we went on vacation and went off playing in the past say you know the biggest thing that i noticed was just kind of feeling fatigued more than anything and feeling like i almost got so used to um being hungry that when i went off plan those couple of times where you kind of just i don't know about you guys but when i go offline it's like i graze i kind of eat all day and you know eating all the foods that you shouldn't eat you know like the one time i went off plan i know i had like chinese food and stuff like that just you know terrible stuff for you but i really just look like gosh i just feel bl like you know for a couple of days afterwards we and myself this is not worth it it's not it wasn't that good it's really annoying you know before keto i used to think that like chinese with all the vegetables and all that you know chicken and vegetables it's like the rest of the world thinks that that's healthy yeah exactly and how healthy the rice is oh yeah yeah i mean it's amazing what you learn and i'll also is it safe to assume that dr barry was your biggest influence oh um yeah for sure and what's really funny is i actually i love dr barry don't get me wrong but i think that dr barry along with his wife nisha like he's like half again better when she's with him because she kind of keeps him in check a little bit like he'll kind of get off on a tangent and and she'll kind of remind him like hey you know like be nice to people sometimes too so i would say she almost as much as he uh was was probably my biggest influence when i started um but when i found uh joe and rachel the two crazy ketos i would say that more recently they've probably been my my biggest influence and their community too that community on facebook we'll see yeah i heard you talking about them and dr barry and dr barry did so much for me because he taught me why i felt so bad on keto is because i was trying to mix low fat with low carb at the same time and you know if it wasn't for him in this community i would have never never made it this long because i was just trying to trying to mix diets you know what i mean and it wasn't but uh yeah i i would say you know one of the things that i really appreciate about uh dr barry and and the two crazy kids and you guys for that matter i i i've probably watched i don't know 10 or 15 of your videos and i would say the same thing i appreciate the honesty and like you're down to earth you're people that i could go hang out with you know i i think so many times we see uh personalities whether it be keto or anything else and you're like what are those people really like i i had never gotten that sense from dr barry i've never gotten that sense from joe and rachel and i certainly don't have that sense from you guys i feel like if i met you tomorrow and we we hung out that would be just like i'm talking to you right now and that's what i really love about the keto community yeah me too all right if so if someone comes up to you and they say you know i see you've lost a lot of weight this and that how would you tell them to start the keto diet because me and him have different views i'm definitely i am a reputable guy and she is an ease into it yes well okay here's the thing i think you're both right and and what i mean by that is i it really depends on the person now i don't i think the only way you're going to know that is try one of those two ways and if you try the easing into it way and you find that like you're two or three months in and you haven't quite eased all the way in yet then you probably should have done the band-aid method and ripped it off having said that if you try the ripping the band-aid off method and you feel like you're pulling your hair out and and so you just fall off the wagon after a week then maybe easily get into it you know it's for you right um but what i would probably tell what i would tell anybody who's starting is pretty much everybody on the planet who wants to eat healthy agrees that sugar is terrible and then nobody should be having sugar so i would say you're going to start and if you do anything quit the sugar first and then how low can you get your carbs you know where are they at now are you doing 400 grams a day okay do 200 grams for a week and see how that goes you know um but uh but just just like james i'm i'm like ripped the band-aid off i went straight from you know eating whole pizzas to uh just eating beef and that was she was the pizza person yeah pizza and ice cream i was mean i was potato chips yes that's what you said uh yeah i gave you my family bag of potato chips all by myself that was one serving for me i gave the image in public that i just eat a little bit but really i only ate a little bit in meals because i just hammered a whole bag of chips [Laughter] all right let's uh let's talk about your youtube channel yes you just recently started this channel and by recently yeah but it's still wonderful i think it's so so amazing um i'm sure you've seen that my brother derek um started this journey with us and it's just so what did derek start 459 459 and he's 311 now and he is a very very very quiet person um not just on the camera but at home too he is just a very introverted quiet person when derek's talks everyone should listen because it's important yes but it's very very seldom so and i know your starting weight and where you're at now and how you feel i love that you share that i love that you've shared it on to create the 2k facebook community and that's why i was so excited for you to talk with us because it's like pulling teeth trying to get derek to talk about his feelings about it and basically get yes or no answers i know he feels better because i stay there to feel better and he's like yeah but that's as far as it goes with that i guess i kind of put it hand in hand and i just i if that makes sense i don't know where we just went you don't no that's okay no i but i get what you mean like and as far as like why did i start my channel i think it was i want everybody to see all of my journey and that's kind of what i try to do when i when i post you know when i when i posted my facebook posts and now that i'm sharing my videos i want everybody to see my good days and my successes of course but like when i'm having a monday i i want to post about it because i feel like that's real and that's like that's what we sometimes don't see on social media because on social media you people only see what what you let them see and i'm not saying that that's not true of me and not true of you probably too but but letting people know when you're having a bad day when you when you've fallen off the wagon when things aren't going exactly like you want them to that to me is is almost as inspiring as the 146 pounds that i've lost because somebody else can relate to that can relate to having had a bat um can relate to falling off the wagon and somebody who seems to be having success having had that bad day i think that helps and that's that's a big part of why i started my channel yeah and there's people who you know need to know that hey you know this guy started at 475 and if he can do it i can do it no matter what you're at i mean there's and and that goes for anybody i mean if there's someone who's 600 pounds out there starting a keto and they want to start a channel you know but think oh they can't do it or whatnot there's someone you know there's always someone in a worse shape that needs it you know what i mean i absolutely and you know i i debated in my head and i even i talked with my wife i'm like should i start this now because i'm not there yet you know when i say i'm not there yet i'm not i'm not down to my last 15 pounds i need to lose i've got 130 pounds i still want to lose and i'm like should i be telling people about my success because i'm really only halfway through the journey but i think i absolutely should because there aren't enough people that look like me that are talking about it to tell you a little bit about my youtube channel really it's going to be we'll see what it kind of develops into but at the very least i want to kind of try to post once or twice a week um post videos vlogs sort of like i did with uh for those of people that actually saw my my facebook posts just kind of a weekly update you know what's been going on in my life and something that i'm thinking about that it's helpful for me uh from an accountability perspective you know helping me to stay on plan but then it's also helpful um for me from a mental health perspective i i think that that posting on facebook has been hugely beneficial to me in keeping my mental health while i've been on this journey and i think that being able to share um through video um the same types of things will be really helpful for me if it's helpful to somebody else i think that's awesome so that's amazing yeah we did it for accountability it was totally understand that's why we started our weigh-in saturday it was just like okay i remember my family used to when i was a kid they would go to this place called the diet workshop where they went on saturday mornings and they weighed in in front of a room full of people yeah totally understand that factor into it but i like how you just kind of explain because it's it from my perspective how from everything that you've shared on the community page for 2k that it sounds like it's become not just a way of eating lifestyle for you but also just overall health and movement as well there's updates where you're sharing what you're doing yeah for sure and you know to kind of talk a little bit about movement um i think that exercise is really important for your mental health and obviously it's very helpful to um to strengthen your body your muscles your joints improve your flexibility um having said that i don't think it's all that help for weight loss i i mean like it doesn't hurt but 90 of our weight loss is what we put in our mouth um and a little tiny bit of the rest of it is what we do for exercise i will tell you guys i do yoga um but i do ddpy that's that's why that's my big exercise thing that i do um and i think i heard you were talking with uh why did i just forget his name your last interview he likes ppy uh and it's really funny i will tell you the story uh because i am not a big professional wrestling fan i and i mean i i don't dislike it or anything but like i did not find uh dallas page because of wrestling i'm a sucker for a good documentary and uh watched the resurrection of jake the snake roberts and uh that was about the time when i was trying to figure out what kind of a workout program i wanted to do where he started and where he ended up and i'm like well that it couldn't hurt to give that a try and i've loved it i've been doing that for uh let's see i started in april and i love it it sounds like something we need to try you're the second person yeah we're uh yeah we're two for two on our first two interviews with ddpy yeah i had to ask him what it was well and that's the funny thing like i say yoga and people immediately think of like you know this zen person like just calm breathing and talking very quietly and if you know anything about diamond dallas page he is not quiet at all um and not that there isn't breathing and all that kind of stuff is part of the yoga but it's not that but when i say ddp why nobody knows what it is so right hmm yoga people at least have some frame of reference for what i'm talking about well i myself also watched the resurrection of jake the snake so i knew what it was the first time i heard it well it's fantastic and i would say you know to anybody who's starting out on keto uh i think i mentioned this in one of my videos but like don't overwhelm yourself by not only going from the standard american diet to the keto diet and then put on top of that you know your idea of exercise is going from the couch to the to the fridge and back and like trying to like start some crazy workout program i would say to give it some time and i think that most people in the community would probably agree with me on that i would hope so anyway but uh but it's important i think after a while and i think you want to because you feel better i don't know i don't know about you guys but like i well after about 90 days i wanted to work out because i was like i feel like i can where i didn't before she pushes me to work out all the time she wants me to go on a vlog i know i i've heard your videos about how much you love working out james no i i just i i don't i just don't think i'm ever going to enjoy it unless i'm i'm kind of a competitive person so i am very interested in the sport called pickleball you know playing a sport is a different thing i don't consider that working out at all i was going to say that's what you got to do then cause like working out should be fun so play more well i need to start playing pickleball at all because i don't even know the rules yet but i but he wants to you know you know what i guess if you consider we did go one day and watch other people play pickleball you know if watching other people do sports counted as exercise i would be amazing but no and you know that's one thing i was going to say like as far as exercise goes i think everybody can find something that they like that doesn't feel like exercise and if that for you is playing sports then i say man go play sports forget walking on the treadmill or or lifting weights go do something that seems like fun i i that's exercise right yeah you know i don't think i could ever walk on a treadmill again i just don't like it i would much rather take a walk outside he says that yep absolutely i do have a physical job so i i can i can at least be thankful for that yeah i used to sit at a computer all day so i i need the uh i need the yoga work yeah i hear you so you know how everyone in the community seems to like little kitchen gadgets yes such as the stuffler or the mini waffle makers and things like that what is your what appliance do you think that you could not go without wow i'm kind of anti-kitchen gadgets actually which is funny because i and i i love rachel and joe so much and they love the stuffer and that's really cool but i uh i would say the thing i probably couldn't go without isn't in my kitchen uh i bought a smoker a year ago i bought a pit boss like kind of the bigger spies smoker and i eat that thing at least two or three times a week i figure pretty much everything i cook could be smoked so it would have to be my smoker it's not in my kitchen it's in my backyard but that that would be it for sure well i don't we don't have a smoker but we knew that not because of me we do have the 36 inch flat top grill you know the griddle outside the propane griddle that is really nice for meal prep because we can basically make a week's worth of food all in one you know all at one time so that's good i'm gonna have to get a smoker because she talks about this you need one and i'm gonna tell you get the big one like the guy at the store talked me into the bigger one i think it was an extra 50 or 60 bucks but i'm like he's like get the big one because you're gonna get the small one and you're gonna and you're gonna wish that you had one that could do like you know two or three racks of ribs instead of just one at a time and he was right um but yes i i love my smoker so much okay i love smoked meats so i would imagine that would be my favorite if i had one and look it's not cheap it's an investment but i will say yeah that's why he needs me i know and i i don't know about where you guys like where you live in ohio but like you know it's so blasted hot during the summer that you don't even want to turn your oven on and that's where having like a smoker comes in handy because you just cook outside every day and i mean your flat top obviously the same thing yeah do you smoke meat in the winter also really oh yeah well we'll go go dust the snow off the smoker and get it going you bet i'll say because i i hate winter but yeah we live down by cincinnati we're in southern ohio okay yeah it's it's still way too cold though because do you want to live in arizona someday is that what you're telling me arizona on the beach on the beach there you go um being a computer person are you into any kind of computer games you know i'm not my kids sure are but uh i i never really i played sports video games and that was pretty much it i uh and i didn't even play madden i wasn't even that i wasn't even that guy i i played college football because college football is what i love so uh that's about all you need to know that's that is all we got in nebraska we're not even good at that anymore you know but i'm a fan and hope springs eternal this is our year i hope they keep sending all of our you know football teams over to england and places like that and i'm saying how about why don't you send them to nebraska or iowa they'll sell out a stadium to see a pro team yeah exactly exactly so all right um i guess that's about it right i think these are all my questions you got anything else you'd like to add scott no just thank you so much uh for the opportunity to to get to know you a little better and to chat with you guys uh you guys are awesome i love your channel um i yeah just uh keep calm and keep on that's why thank you for for agreeing to talk to us and taking time out of your day we really really really really appreciate it yeah i uh after after you were in the live stream and we got off and i found out who you were i was like we're asking him he's that's the one he's the one yes he is our next interview because he is a success story and a channel creator all in one yes yeah well glad i could help so if you guys watch if you guys watching this have not yet went to platte river keto and checked them out on youtube do that you want this your time this is your time he has a awesome story yes and yeah he won't disappoint you all right that was a wonderful video and we thank you guys so much for watching especially if you've watched it this far yes and scott thank you again for taking the time out of your day your busy life speaking with us well that uh that's it thank you guys for watching don't forget to like and subscribe to scott's channel yes and if you haven't yet don't forget to like and subscribe to our channel and thank you very much for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @KetoCookbooksCorner [2 likes]: Your story will undoubtedly inspire others who may be on their own health and weight loss journey. Keep up the fantastic work!
  2. @kathihagan4760 [2 likes]: So happy for you Scott! Great job!
  3. @annspires8380 [2 likes]: I met Scott at the Keto Summit in Omaha.  He is an awesome person.  Love the interview.
  4. @cyndimanka [2 likes]: I was into too crazy keto‘s two until they removed an inspirational post that I posted. There was absolutely nothing wrong with it. It was about just because you’re overweight does it mean you should sit at home and not go anywhere. It doesn’t mean you should not enjoy life. Get out there anyway no matter what your weight is you don’t wait until you’ve lost weight to enjoy your life. So many people liked that post and then I got a notification that it had been removed. And I found that very disheartening. I feel like they forgot what it was like to be heavy.
  5. @jeanrobinson7126 [1 likes]: So happy to get to know you! I can see you are doing great on keto!! It helps me to watch people on their journey. Then I know this is the right path! Subscribe to your channel!
  6. @deborahallen4169 [1 likes]: Loved it! Thanks!
  7. @cyndimanka [1 likes]: I wasn’t a sugar eater before. Putting sugar would’ve been way too easy. It’s potato chips inlove tater chips. And bread that’s my stuff right there. If someone told me you cannot have sugar or chocolate or candy or cakes for a year I would say signed me up. I haven’t had potato chips in a very very long time but that’s what got me to 209 pounds five years ago not sugar. I think though generally it is an absolute must for beginners because most people aren’t like me. Most people love sugar and will pop any kind of candy into the mouth. I think the the one sugar thing that I would eat on a rare occasion would be a doughnut other than that I wasn’t really a candy bar person or an M&M person
  8. @cyndimanka [1 likes]: I quit pop so many years ago that I don’t even have a guess. However on rare occasion i would  have a diet pop but I find that it makes me want more it makes me thirsty
  9. @JillDecker-j9w: I just walk
  10. @JillDecker-j9w: What I can't get answers to is is anyone with with health problems that had hypertension do keto or heart problems.what is keto flu?
  11. @Upstart_Artist: Hi guys! I am 52, 264 lbs, raging type 2 diabetic! I have tried keto several times before but got scared being on it so i always caved! I think this might be my last chance!
  12. @daleval2182: Last year i gave up all packages, all sugar, all wheat, seed oils, ate meat , potato,veg, only lost 10 lbs, in January i went Keto, only a serving of cabbage, my meat, eggs, mushrooms, onions, i eat 18/6 , now down 25, i loose so slow ? I do exercise, but cant do walks foot is no good, still 320 lbs, begging to see 200s again, it might take years, but i must keep trying, wish i could lose faster, my insulin is more stable, feel better, just discouraged
  13. @HereandNowwithMikeandDawn: Love Scott…started following him recently
  14. @JackiesKetoJourney: Just shared with my cousin 💜
  15. @kathihagan4760: I have so many comments as I watch this...   my mom passed away 2 weeks ago and people brought food.  I ate, of course and my hands swelled, my ankles swelled and I felt awful.  I had to use soap to get my rings off.   It took 24 hours for the swelling to go down.
  16. @kathihagan4760: My husband thinks I'm ruining my health.  He doesn't support me.  He fixes what he wants to eat and I fix what I want.  Sometimes he'll eat my meat with me but he wants a bun or chips or whatever.
  17. @SemiRetiredBob: I'm not a moderation guy, no matter what size, all ice cream comes in single serving containers :)
  18. @kuntrygyrl2493: Great Interview!! Awesome Job Scott. 
I love your videos and recipes.
  19. @joycestone7826: You guys look great!
  20. @cyndimanka: James I guess Washington state is the pickleball state did you know that?

- Watch This Before You Give Up on Keto: Kind: captions Language: en sometimes it's important to take a look back to see how far you've actually come hi there i'm sarah i'm emily and we are in the keto twins we are obviously fat and we have started this youtube channel it helps to keep us a little bit accountable and to offer camaraderie with people out there who are struggling like us so we've been on this roller coaster many times we have struggled with our our weight ever since like the age of 12. so we know how it is to struggle i will never forget your wedding day and it's not because of the reason that you might think i remember coming to your hotel room to get ready with you and you opening the door and looking absolutely horrified you were crying and you were vulnerable and you were saying that you didn't want anyone to look at you because of how big you were and because i could feel your pain in that moment i knew that i did not want to feel that same way on my wedding day this video is about motivation but my wedding wasn't motivation enough for me to actually lose the weight sometimes you think that you'll live up to that occasion i remember dreaming about my wedding day and i remember looking up designer dresses that were tens of thousands of dollars thinking that i was going to be able to fit in them but never actually doing the work involved with losing the weight i would try to eat keto for a couple weeks and then i would fall off and i just i barely lost anything leading up to my wedding and i had definitely paid the price when it came to how i felt on my wedding [Music] day and as you were up there getting married to brad i felt like there was a shroud of darkness hanging over you of being self-conscious i was worried about how i was going to look in the pictures and how big my butt was and i remember one of the embarrassing thing was is i bought heels to wear on my wedding but when i actually got down to mexico i couldn't fit the shoes on my feet because my feet were so swollen because of i don't know why and so i end up wearing five dollar payless flats on my wedding day and i'm glad i brought them because if not i would have been shoeless so i just remember being completely uncomfortable on my wedding day and i wish that i could have like seen into the future a bit if i would have known how bad i was going to feel i think that that would have been enough to motivate me to actually lose the weight so the way that emily was feeling on her wedding day i felt the day that my husband proposed i was in front of my family and my friends and pretty much all of downtown chicago he got down on one knee and all i could think about was all these people are looking at me and i'm really fat you can actually hear me talking to my friend she was taking pictures before we actually got engaged and i was saying please don't get my body in the picture please don't i didn't even know that this whole thing was happening that he had planned this beautiful day for me and i was so concerned that my friend was taking a picture of my lower half i don't want my lower part okay are you kidding me and that's so sad that that memory is now clouded by all of these insecurities and vulnerabilities instead of just being in the moment and realizing that he was proposing to me we had failed so many times over the years and we thought the only thing that was different was making our journey public and that's when we created our channel keto twins and in the beginning we were really motivated to make videos and keeping ourselves accountable it's hard to look back at the first couple videos because of how honest i was in them i i could tell i was nervous talking because i had never spoken on camera before i remember calling myself a beast and all this kind of stuff because that is really the way that i felt about myself at the time and i really wanted everybody to know that like we were being honest about the way that we felt and at least if anything if we didn't show any progress at least we were like authentic about our lack of self-esteem and all that well and here we are just like what is the word to describe it i don't even know like beast right now we're a little shy because we uh we have not done this before it's pretty hard to see myself i don't really recognize myself anymore when i look at myself in these clips it's it's like even my posture and like how sad and just like like the look in my face it just seemed so like dejected and so defeated i had hope for this but honestly sarah and i had failed so many times before i knew there was a probable reality that i wasn't going to succeed i hope that this would be the time that i did succeed but it turns out that it wasn't all it took was one weekend away for us to completely fall off the bandwagon we started off strong in the car on the way up to our vacation and it only took a pit stop for us to go to like a bagel company where we were like well we have this decision to make and we chose the wrong one and even during the entire filming of that video we knew that we were making the wrong decision and we said we're gonna get back on when we get home it was only going to be a short weekend cheating trip and unfortunately that's just not what happened we went to this ice cream shop that we used to go to when we were young and i remember getting an ice cream there and i was like embarrassed uh filming outside this ice cream store not only because i wasn't used to like vlogging or anything like that at that time but like i felt like why are we even filming this right now because like we're cheating and we shouldn't film this but sarah wanted to anyway because she said you know this is a weight loss journey and sometimes you're going to fall off outside wilson's ice cream used to come here as a kid and we're here eating again off of our diet because basically our resolve has quickly gone away and longer that we drove by these places so you know what just gotta get back on it tomorrow and that's what we're gonna do life is like that you know you just can't predict when you're gonna go off the edge so hopefully there won't be a huge gain in weight or anything i remember thinking okay well i hope i can get back on tomorrow but on the way back in the car ride i had this look on my face where i was like we were really bad you can even see it when i say it we were not good this weekend at all we had ice cream and sandwiches among other things but we're gonna focus on the week ahead and get back on the keto lifestyle i'm just like so disappointed in myself again because i think i knew in that point where we were not gonna go back on or at least i wasn't um i had probably lost like 20 pounds at that point and i was like 200 and probably 42 pounds and i just saw the road ahead as being so long like if it's gonna take me this long and this much effort to lose weight how how am i ever going to be 170 pounds well it turns out i'm less than that now i'm 162 pounds but when you're looking at your journey and it's so far away your goal it can be really demotivating that's why you can't think that far ahead you just have to focus on like every day that's what your motivation should be is to control what you're eating today because i'm gonna guess if you're obese or morbidly obese like we used to be that you probably didn't control yourself even for one meal so if you can get through just one day with making the right choices um you should congratulate yourself for that because it does a long journey ahead and you should take the wins when you get them for me i had a hard time seeing that through through even with my progress i thought this is going to take forever and i'm not willing to change my life that much i can't imagine not eating carbs for the rest of my life that was like our mistake back then sarah and i we stopped filming and we stopped eating keto again to be honest i was embarrassed that we went off and we recorded it and uploaded it that i didn't think about my diet again until i reserved a date for our wedding day but in that moment of reserving that date i remembered how terrible you felt on your wedding day and it really made me reconsider everything and all the choices that i was making in the past year so i decided to dedicate myself again to the ketogenic lifestyle sarah started to take it seriously again after they booked the date for their wedding but i really wasn't on board yet because i wasn't ready to stop binging on what i wanted to binge and so i didn't start again until i went wedding dress shopping with you and i noticed how much smaller you were than me already you were probably at 230 pounds or so and i was like 260 something pounds and i said wow sarah doesn't look that bad actually in these wedding dresses and i remember being like oh i'm going to be up there so i need to start like now like i relent i give up i'm going to start again that i can't say that like every moment is gonna be like this joyous thing where you decide to like fight for your health and all that kind of stuff sometimes it can be for the most vain reason possible or you're losing weight for the most important day of your life like your wedding and you don't follow through but then you decide to try again for sarah's wedding which is not even my own wedding and sometimes you succeed like it doesn't matter why you're starting again if you don't start you will never know if you make it or not you might fail 10 times but on the 11th time you decide to stick on for whatever reason the important thing is that you need to really know that you have to change you have to change who you are if you don't do the fundamental work in changing your mentality towards food and the way that you eat you will not be successful i was not truly successful until i decided that i could no longer live the way that i was living before the reason why you start doesn't matter it's that you follow through looking back at the pictures and the video of my wedding day i'm just proud to say that i started again there are so many times i've failed in the past gained the weight back and more but i tried again and that's what we want to tell you guys is that you may be off right now and you may be cheating because of the pandemic or because of the holiday season that's not important what's important is that you get back on because this could be the time that you are all it takes is that one time you stick to it and this year 2021 it could be the time where you finally make your dream come true if that motivation gets you started today one year from now who knows where you'll be or what you'll look like sometimes when we look back at the footage it's hard it's hard for me to look back at myself back then because i do not feel like the same person at all i feel like literally 100 pounds has been taken off my shoulders my eyes they're open wider i feel like that there's hope that there's life ahead before i felt pretty dejected about everything i felt like a failure at everything now i feel like there's so many opportunities to do different things now and i think that the weight loss it was the catalyst for all of that we're making this video in hopes to inspire you to make a change not tomorrow not monday not after your birthday but right now during your next meal you have the choice change your life we made that choice and you can too you owe it to yourself to give yourself one more chance so if you're ready to take that next step and commit yourself to a ketogenic lifestyle then we'll see you in the next video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @LoveAcrossAmerica [2 likes]: What an amazing and inspiring video.  God bless you both and your family.
  2. @mrich9654 [1 likes]: You were beautiful on your wedding day!
  3. @MartyHarris-h8s: I tried once, and ate the same thing for about a month and quit! My husband’s friend lost over 85 pounds and he kept telling my husband to get me to watch you Tube videos, and then I found you and a few others! I’ve lost about 25# in 7 weeks! Thank you
  4. @lilly101771: Hi Emily and Sarah, I came across this video today and really connected with the ups and downs you shared. In 2019, I weighed 385 lbs and worked my way down to 165 lbs. Over time, I slipped back into old habits, and by January of this year, I was up to 282 lbs. Around that same time, I was dismissed from a job I had for 24 years, which left me feeling like a total failure and struggling with depression.

I’ve since decided to recommit to my keto journey, and I’m currently at 261.2 lbs. I still have a long way to go, but this time I’m determined to stay consistent.
  5. @Call_Me_Aunt_Bonnie: Oh, Emily and Sarah…you both were beautiful brides!
  6. @rhondasponders52: Watching this in 2026. Thank you.
  7. @alexis_prays: 🤎🤎 I lost 30lbs 2 years ago and I've been on and off since. I've kept the 30off but I still have another 45-50 to go and it's been hard! Because I keep choosing to fall off.
  8. @jenniferledbetter2295: Thank you for all that you do and have done! I’m seeing this video 5 yrs after the fact but it’s as good of a time than ever to get started 😊
  9. @Kathysart: Most precious. Thank you.
  10. @dorothyconner4336: Thank you for this video it is 2025 watching this
  11. @shewolf26: I love you girls. ❤
  12. @jaycole2109: I’m 65F and it’s so sad how we fail to see how beautiful we are when we’re young(er). You were beautiful then and you’re even more beautiful now. You’re inspirational!
  13. @MizAngelWolf: 🥰
  14. @colleenmckeeman1342: ❤❤❤❤
  15. @wennerholme: I'm glad I saw this, thank you.
  16. @susannedoe9320: I felt the same way on my wedding. 😢 you looked beautiful!
  17. @lesliecovington1514: Thank you for sharing this.
  18. @carrieschnug9830: You looked beautiful on your wedding day!   But looked so sad!  That’s sad… I KNOW the feeling!   But sad that we allow our bodies to control our emotions on such a wonderful day!  Nobody else cares.  Not to give up… but that we can be so hard on ourselves.
  19. @carrieschnug9830: You looked beautiful on your wedding day!   But looked so sad!  That’s sad… I KNOW the feeling!   But sad that we allow our bodies to control our emotions on such a wonderful day!  Nobody else cares.  Not to give up… but that we can be so hard on ourselves.
  20. @carrieschnug9830: Personal question… I’m not a twin… but compare myself to others… is it hard to not compare yourselves to each other?

- Dr Eric Berg's Success Story - Stephanie Williams: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Stephanie Williams and I am visiting here with uh Dr. Bur. I was re referred to Dr. Bird by my primary care physician uh Dr. Washington and um I came to uh lose weight. That was my primary concern. And I learned that I need to work on the inside getting healthy. He wanted to work on what the root of the problem is, what what your areas of concern are and what is the problem area and how do we fix the problem area and um that he is open to um natural medications, not just prescribed drugs. Oh, he's very attentive. Dr. Bur is very attentive. He I mean he he not only explained if you if you did not understand he's willing to I I took notes the whole time I was sitting in there and if I wasn't sure about something he explained it. Um I learned about the bile you know how important is for your bowels to be working and what their functions are. Um what the function is of your bile. and um so he a great open question and answer session um very informative. I'm receptive to Dr. B's philosophy on weight loss because um I've been it's been recommended and or suggested that you know I do some type of surgery whether it's a gastro surgery and I just did not feel comfortable doing that. So, I elected not to uh get operated on and have any type of surgery for weight loss and that I was just going to there's got to be another way and through prayer um I was led to Dr. Bird. So, I'm thankful to have met him and you know had the opportunity the pleasure to speak with him personally and not just you know someone you hear about you never really get to meet them. So, I'm looking forward to to him working with me and I working with him. People sometimes are reluctant because, you know, I've been this size for quite a while and um have tried a few things, not very consistent, but I think when they begin to see actually see the results, I think that they may have a little more faith because everything I've ran into I was shared with someone else. So they may be a little may have been a little apprehensive but I will um genuinely uh encourage them to come and visit Dr. Birds and and let him evaluate you because every individual is different and let him evaluate you and see what works for you where your where your areas are concerns are and that he can address what your root what the root of your problem is. I can only, you know, maybe share that we may have some things similar. However, uh he will be able to I'm sure I have faith and I I haven't even started my products yet, but just the mere thought of sitting down, just the mere opportunity to sit down and discuss with Dr. expert what my areas of concerns were. Um, and to know that I can may have actually found what the root of the problem is. So, we'll see.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.

- Ep #107: From Never Enough to $100K+ Manifested: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] everyone wants more money but most of us weren't taught how to create an abundant life that's where the more money show comes in if you're ready to have more money create more freedom and experience more fun turn the volume up it's time to learn how to create the prosperity and life you have been dreaming of here's your host Cassie Parks hello and welcome to this episode of the more money show I am your host Cassie Parks super excited today to have Michelle Reynolds with me hello Michelle hello this is her second in the year of growth series and I'm so excited to catch up with you today so let's start with my favorite question what's awesome right now oh my gosh everything I woke up today and I've got you know my heaters running I'm wrapped in a blanket like business is good my kids are good I there's a lot yeah awesome how about um yeah business personal growth what's awesome in that Arena well um so kind of a cool thing um I just hit the leaderboard again um so as one of the company's top sales people per se so it's always good to see your name and lights it is right and you actually just got back from a cruise that you earned from your company right I did two free cruises and a balcony upgrade and uh nine days we were gone so to the Caribbean that's awesome yes I love it how did I forget about that I know right um so what do you would you say is maybe the most exciting thing that's happened to you since we talked last last oh man um well I like the vacation was pretty exciting to um I I was able to work ahead an entire week so I literally left for nine days and didn't think about work and it was so amazing just to be and be present with the people that were there um you I didn't come back with a big stack of work to do which was nice because normally when you most people take vacation they come back to a mess right right I remember that from my gr yeah yeah but my clients all knew that I was um leaving I wouldn't be checking email wouldn't be texting I was just off the grid and it was fabulous that is awesome I love it so cool um so what what would you say have you had any big ahas or growth since the last time we caught up uh definitely um I've had a a fairly large amount of money be uh wired to me I don't have it yet but it'll be here any day and what that did for me is it made me go Michelle Reynold you are a powerful manifestor like every time you and I work together I manifest money and the sums keep getting bigger and bigger and bigger and um it just gives me peace to know that I can create money when I need it I love it yeah I love how more and more money shows up in your life you know it's I think last time we talked about how you joined and immediately had a new client that was worth more than you paid to join and the money just keeps coming in as you keep creating more of what you want in your life so would you say because I think this is a question a lot of people have you know you started because this is part of what I teach it's part of what you follow um you started celebrating small amounts and little and more and more and more do you think that contributes to the bigger amounts showing up faster and faster no question so just the other day I was um at a fast food restaurant and I had $9 in cash on me that's it and I was like and the total was $8.97 and I thought you know I don't really need the $ three or the three cents anymore and so I said to the cashier I said you can just keep that three cents and put it in your drawer or you know whatever I don't even care what happens to it and she was like I gave her $3 million just she was so giddy and excited like I'm gonna have extra money in my drawer or something and I was like okay that's awesome but if you treat all money like it's all equal I think you definitely bring more in so can I share one more thing yeah absolutely so we had been tracking I think it's important to track the money that and I have been sloppy at that I would love to say I've been kept a journal and kept a notebook but what I know is that um I know that I have um it started out with the very first thing we accumulated um in a thre month time it was about 14,000 right yes and then last year um I know I had a lump sum of 10,000 come and um this year I already know I'm going to have lump sum of 50,000 and last year I also um I need to look at a w a 1099 I got in the mail but it was brand new money and so I know at this point I'm over $100,000 Wooo in all new money right yeah and that's awesome right and I love that you brought up the tracking because I think that's one of the things we did early I know it's one of the things we did early on that really started to make a difference and this is even I sometimes will flub up and not track as well as I should or just you know I just I love it all I celebrate it all but I just sometimes don't make I don't know just don't consciously do it right and what I know is every time I track and this goes for what you manifest as well as what you just bring in in your own life and and keeping track of your own numbers it goes both ways but the more we track the more it comes in because we're seeing that right we're seeing and it's getting bigger and bigger yeah and I you know I don't think it's even a matter of flub up you you said that I think it's just a different Consciousness like we know I know that money is always coming in for me and it just is always going to keep coming in so it's not that it you know but I I do think there's power in tracking for sure absolutely it makes it makes a huge difference it just lets us see it lets us see a lot of times the truth right so for a lot of people and I think this was true for you in the early stages of US changing our money mindset there was this story that there wasn't enough right because zer story was originally survival and so that's what going on in your what's goes on in your brain but when we track things we get the truth right right the truth is there like okay I did make it oh okay there is still money in the account even if it's a dollar like the truth of that is that there's something there right yep exactly and I think that you you brought up something really uh I know you were going to ask me questions but you brought up something really important there that I I heard you say and I was like um you know there there always is going to be money there because it's the expectation of it but um but my my Survival Story still pequs its head up every once in a while like I hear something and I freak out like it's just like it's like it's just how I react and then I have to breathe look at my numbers look at my tracking and go I'm okay you know or like every time I do billing like days before billing I'm all in up and up about money every time I do billing I'm fine so it's like stop it yeah I think you bring up a great point is that we change over time right we've made things better more money is coming in but contrary to I'm not sure who started this rumor but um even when you're on this journey of growth like you're growing not everything is always perfect right and the difference between when you look at your numbers now like I didn't know that I didn't even know that you were still like this last couple of building Cycles like having that sort of freak out because it's not big enough that it you even like tell me anymore right it's something you handle more in an instant than in a week yeah you know or in a month you know because it literally is the time is shorter the freakout moment is shorter you know so it's like it's instant Now versus where I'm like okay you know how to handle this so but I'm recognizing the feeling and I'm triggering myself to breathe about it and look at the numbers so there's definitely growth happening because normally I would just freak out for days and you know go into a tizzy and cry right and then keep and then keep putting off what you need to do right I think that's important part to share that was an important part of the pattern and that's that is because you had surviv like survival is your story and um we'll talk more about like how our stories do we they still sometimes creep up and that's okay but survival was your story so you just created that story on a a bigger level right it was like oh I'm freaked out I don't feel good about this I don't feel good about money and so I'm not going to even do what I know will make it better right it would be like then you would just put off billing right and then it would be like I haven't build in two months I haven't builded in six weeks I haven't you know and so instead of like taking the action like you do now to take a breath recognize it and move forward you would actually dig yourself in a deeper hole in the past I would and personally I would bills would come in and I'd have a I usually have like a gift bag and I just put all my mail in there and I would you know once in a while I'd look at it I would just totally avoid it and I'd be like oh yeah that thing whatever I need to do that and I would never do it so now what I do and I don't even think I have one here but I have a 3x5 uh card so every time I get a bill in I I keep the bill like I have a paper bill on purpose because I want to know that I'm making investments in my life yeah and I write on there paid in huge letters and then I filed the part that says paid and I throw away the rest I love it that's awes so it's like I have when I go through my taxes or my accounting then I go I'm like paid paid paid and it's like yes there's like a victory of paid statements and it's like there's always money I I don't have a bill today that's not unpaid so it's good I love it and it's it's all the evolution and I think um even as we grow like our story can creep up but we just keep changing it right because the story keeps getting better and better just like you know when we're kids we like have we might love I don't know Cinderella just popped into my head right you might love that and is an adult you get like into the animated version and then there's all these versions that are more adult and more adult and different spins and so the story just evolves over time our money story is the same way correct I love it me we both said I love it at the same time I love it so let's switch gears a little bit because I want to talk about you recently took the scripture heavy Happy Ever After Workshop I did yeah so which is the first time I've ever offered that and so I'd love to hear what was your biggest aha oh man there was a lot of them but my biggest aha was that I'm okay without a guy wow that's huge for you it is huge for me because I've always been with someone and it's not because I needed I just always have yeah yeah what kind of um Freedom do you think that creates like having that knowledge in your core now um like what kind of freedom and opportunity for growth do you think that creates well I think the freedom that it creates is that I'm GNA be picky and that and that you know I you know of course I'm GNA have a non-negotiable list and then I'm gonna be like I'm open to this list and you know I'm just I'm just going to um and I will say uh I've only been with a few gentlemen in my life and they've always been better but like this one will be the best and you know the one versus you know someone that was good for a little bit yeah absolutely I love that what was um your biggest aha or growth talked a little bit about that or favorite realization yeah um so uh uh I'm gonna turn red here so I'll be embarrassed a little bit but um so in the Happy Ever After Workshop um I didn't know exactly what to expect um and there was a time where we need to descript kind of a bedroom scene and I was like oh boy you know it made me nervous about that because I don't do that like I don't talk like that like I was like this is my life nobody else gets to see this and um there was some opportunities to um describe what was happening in that bedroom and I was like I don't even know the words to say and I realized a huge thing about myself is I don't I wasn't I do now I didn't know how to ask for what I wanted whether it was in the bedroom or out of the bedroom and I was like that was huge for me and it made me realize even with clients that I need to use my voice and speak my truth and use the words I need to word and use and if I don't know the words I need to go figure out the words or get resources to learn the words and that was very very powerful that is like I would say that's probably the biggest thing you learned and that was huge and I love and that came um I like to highlight this too it that came through then and it also came very clearly from your future self that your future self was somebody who as that down right yeah ever question in her anymore yeah no matter where she is she's gonna tell people what she wants yes and I love that and I we C you can't I think you can't have the business in the life you want without that skill and so that's why that was so important other than it makes life a lot easier to ask for what you want right and it made me realize that it had nothing to do with it that it was in a bedroom scene um it didn't because at first I was embarrassed and I was like oh my goodness are we really doing this it had nothing to do with that yeah that was just one place in my life right so it applies to all areas in my life yeah and I think it's the place where especially uh because you've worked with me and that's not necessarily it's always weaved into our Focus right but it's not the focus that it lets us see a lot of times that Workshop lets you see oh where those things that you can't some that you still have blinders on in your business or you still have blinders on in your the rest of your life because it asks you to look at it different and it's um it's just different and so it brings up the different things it allows you to see the different things and then as we tap into your future self you're like man she's really good at that like she asks for what she wants always right y abs and she gets it yeah because because she ask for it like you get what you ask for yeah absolutely oh I love it um how did you feel after taking the workshop I felt powerful um I felt very calm there was this assurance that I carried with me since then that it's just okay like I'm becoming a more complete person the more we grow and I I'm just I'm loving who I am now now and in the future I love that and my next question was how are you different after taking the workshop so I love that and um walking around with that Assurance what do you think like what kind of impact do you think that has on your life on a day-to-day basis well I think people can feel it so the other day I had this uh coach um she's a multi-million she's coach millionair multi-millionaires whatever um lots of money people and she called me for advice and I said to her she was like she was talking to me about vision boards and because I get what I put on my vision boards and she said why do how do you do that and so I was talking her through that process and she said you need to give yourself way more credit than you give yourself because you are a very powerful woman and I said so other people can see the power and it's not a power in sense of like a dictatorship it's a confidence and a um I think people are really really drawn to that absolutely it's quite sexy actually right on so many levels right it's like people are drawn to that they're drawn to that confidence that thing that you know right and it's way more powerful than the power like you mentioned like a dictator it's way more powerful than that type of power yeah there's just it's just this like like people can feel my vibe now and it's not that they couldn't before but the more I feel it the more they're going to feel it absolutely it's like you know if you take something and you put in your purse or you carry it around or if you leave it at home well this one I get to carry around with me always no matter what I have on me I love that that's exciting and it is true and especially um because you're an entrepreneur I think that makes the most difference right because everywhere you go there's opportunity and you've always seen that opportunity but I feel like it's making the shift that people are seeing it in you without you like you've never been the person to like go after somebody or you know like I have to sell them right um but you're always open to that but people are even more coming to you and more like wanting you know just starting the conversation which is what all Entre Rene want right like everybody's like I don't want to have to sell anything I want people to just come to me yeah so that the funny that you said that um the last um so we're in this uh incentive thing and um I was like okay I need six people and I was like I have no idea where six people are coming from well my last four people called me they watched like a Facebook live or they saw something I posted on social media or something that I did in life and all four of them called me and I was like yes so they weren't even on my radar yeah that's awesome and that's true attraction right like that's true like how we you know how we want it to be right yes for sure oh my gosh how does that feel uh it feels amazing it felt like a blessing is what it felt like and I was like yes because I have new relationships that we have no history so I get to learn people and totally dive into them and they know nothing about me well they might know something about me they called me but um it's like a brand new start to for me and them to create something really really incredible that's amazing I love it um so this is a kind of a cool question because I think I mean this is what I teach but it's really fun to have examples so how did focusing on your future relationship and being stepping more into your future self heal your past without having to dive into it and figure it out that was uh probably again maybe my biggest but if not then the second biggest it was it was right at the top like those two little lessons were like this um seriously it was good so I've had um you know a little bit of bumpy relationship history and I think everybody has yeah yeah but I um because otherwise I'd still be with them right but um but what I realized is that I needed every single person that was on my journey to be who I am today so that I can be the future person looking back and there was no no energy around past relationships it was just like oh yeah that happened like that's how it was and I got to see what each of those gentlemen brought to my life as a benefit like how did I grow from that relationship versus what did he do to me right it was it was I was celebrating him whoever him was being in my life and it made me look at them in a much different way in that I was grateful for them and maybe I have not been grateful for them which is a different energy overall right it's almost gives you permission I don't even know if it's permission or just the ability to just let go of all that other stuff yeah I mean it's just it is what it is this is what happen this is what I learned this is who I am now this is who I'm becoming or am already yes I love that cool anything else you want to share about the relationship how life is moving along it's so awesome you know every everything is good you know every everything is calm I my my word is calm everything is just calm it's as it's supposed to be business is good relationships are good life is good and there's just that that that calm assurity to it that it just makes me I like I'm happy when I go to bed I'm thrilled when I wake up and I am blessed to do what I do every day and you know I'm always excited for what's next because it's always changing and shifting always always always always today I had a evidence that something may be coming which I'm super excited about yay so fun yes um I love it so I want to talk about act um I want to talk I want to ask you another question okay so the question I want to ask is you know we talked um I think we talked actually on Valentine's Day or the day after and um you sort of thought you know as this is I mean a lot of people right like we all do this whether we wherever we are in our journey I feel like sometimes we we think like certain things might happen or um expect certain gifts on um certain holidays like Valentine's Day or whatever and you like it it didn't like happen the way you thought it was going to happen happen right right and how were you different handling it than you would have been before the workshop absolutely well so the reason that I expected something because I did expect something was uh there's been a history of I've always had something um on Valentine's Day like always and um even if it was from a friend or you know my ex-husband or whatever but there's always something and uh this was my first Valentine's Day where I got nothing and I was like huh and then I was like you know this is what I realized is that it's just one day and I would rather have someone that loved me all year long and be the right person than to just celebrate me on one madeup holiday yeah and so for me I just enjoyed my day and I let go of the fact of like I didn't pout I didn't cross my arms I didn't throw a fit that I didn't get anything um I just was like I didn't get anything like noted you know like there was a mental note like noted you know like uh you know the person that I thought would didn't think enough to do that and so I was like not it it's just a mental note that you know either I've made that up or that it's just that that energy wasn't there on that day and that's it's okay yeah and I loved when you because you were like it's just information right and I think that would have been different had you not just gone through the workshop and and so will you talk about how that certainty and that assurance that that guy that relationship that you created allows you to be more at peace and just be like information yeah well you know and I I had a conversation which I would have never done before um about the hey no gift thing and um it was you know a you know couple couple test couple you know videos about I'm so sorry and I was like it's okay it's just information you know again like it's it's you know just just a mental note on my part that you know it wasn't the top of the priority was the relationship and I was like okay well that just means that I'm at a different place than that person was and that's okay because that's again it's it's just information and I would have never ever had that conversation or um dialogued about that before I would have just been pissed off about it and like always been like you didn't send me a Valentine's like it would have been a sore spot for me and it's not a source spot it's just information I love that thanks for sharing sure so um probably my last question but you never know what else will pop up is you know you've mentioned being calm several times and I think that is one of the biggest shifts that I've seen um and I think it's you know I don't know if you want to if you you realized like as much as where it comes from but I think it like being like uncovering these parts of yourself and really connecting to yourself like allows you to just be more in the moment right instead of having to jump around or or focus on this because you're not doing this do you see that as I I definitely do I mean I think my whole entire life up till working with you was I was trying to fill a cup and I was trying to fill it with things you know businesses and tasks and you know contests and awards and now it's I'm filling it with my truth and so of course as I you know if I think of my future person you know this classy sexy rich woman healthy woman like what does she not have to be calm about like she has everything she wants and um so the more I uncover myself the more I'm going to be like that and there's just again there's something super sexy about I'm like that's my new word it's like something super sexy about it because I was like that's just hot I don't care who you are yeah absolutely yeah absolutely it's just hot and that is first of all I don't think you ever would have called anything really like sexy before this point right no and I love that because I love how our language changes and I feel like that is more your future self right because she just there's no there's no filter in a good way like sometimes people say that and it's like they can't like if you wanted to you could have one but it's this choice to your future self doesn't need it a filter because she's amazing and she shows up fully and she doesn't have to get pissed about things you know she can actually have a conversation about them right and even I've noticed it even in my clothes a little bit where now when I go buy clothes I'm asking myself would you know would my future self wear this and um I've been trying to not wear as many baseball hats CU you know I love baseball hats but my future self is not walking around where in a baseball hat this classy I mean yes does she of course she does on social casual days but when she's showing up in life she's not wearing a baseball hat she is you know showing up fully to be SE and so I've been as I get dressed in the morning I've been taking note of that like oh well is your future self gonna look like a you know she just rolled out of bed and thrw on a baseball hat and had to run 50 errands no she's going to take time to get up and shower and look beautiful yes that's awesome I love it and these are really good examples I get the question all the time like how do you be your future self because you know everybody thinks it's about doing right and if it were about doing this list of things there's nobody who would have been there faster than you I know I'm like I I would have already been like killionaire yeah if it was about like to-do list and how many things could you execute and how many different projects could you handle and like all all the things if it was about all the things you would have gotten there but the truth is that this becoming and this it's about becoming and about being and about growing into that person and so and and feeling like when when you and I first started working together I had and I was like I don't there's happy and mad like what else is there you know like so the feeling part of it I didn't even know there were other feelings and so I really um trying to use my words about how I feel like when I'm elated and joyful I am elated and joyful when I am you know depressed I'm depressed and when I you know I'm just trying to really really use my how I feel about things and it is opening up a whole new world to me oh I love that yeah do you want to say more about like is the new world just like the way you see like the way you experience life the way yeah it well it's it's everything I mean I you know I see things for just what they are um and not put a whole bunch of extra bag AG on it per se um yeah or as I would say like the story right so when we show up to feel see things as they are and we can go right into feeling right like if something if you get information and that information makes me feel angry or sad and we can actually feel that we don't have to build the whole story in the baggage to keep from feeling it right right and yeah yeah so that's how you see life but you know life happens like we all know life happens and I'm not reacting quite as much anymore where I'm just like huh noted you know where it's just like okay well how do I feel about that and then again find the words to say what you need to say so that and and that's coming every day it's coming quicker which I'm totally loving because I'm not you know I can't tell you how many times in my life I something happened and I stewed about it and I tried to figure out how I felt about it and it was either happy or mad one the other and you know is like uh my ex-husband used to say to me all the time you're always mad and I'm like yeah it's because you're pissing me off you know like it's pretty clear like right and it's like I'm not so exactly one or the other happy or mad you know and I was like poor man how did he walk around that all the time right happy or mad all the time I like you know poor guy he probably had no chance of survival there so but I own that because that was my thing you know where I you know I maybe could have been more like this makes me feel this way that might have helped communication so you know again there's total ownership no one in my life was bad you know everything is because I made choices so it's all good I love it so good um any final thoughts you want to share today's interview um yes everybody should um this is my personal opinion um everybody should uh enroll to work with Cassie um I was the person that I tried to do it myself for a million years and it seems like a million years that might be exaggeration but you know because I'm looking so good for my age here um but it wasn't until I'm the type of person where I love Hands-On and I love help but the more I work with her in the Enchanted Circle and the workshops that she offers every time I grow and I you know I not only grow as a person but I'm making more money and I don't know anyone who doesn't want that so you know uh figure out how to come up with the money you need to invest in yourself because you're worth it I love that message so much and not just because it's the Enchanted Circle but because a it's true right you did like you struggled and it and it was like um and I think I don't know once we all get to that point where we see how it's faster we're like oh why did we wait so long right but it's you know that's okay we just forgive that and move on but also you know I love people investing in themselves because it makes a difference yep and it had to be painful for you to watch me struggle so much oh Lord I think we had a conversation about that I think we had to come to Jesus moment there yeah it was like I'm like I can't yeah because it was painful like watching was painful when it's I have the answer right here like I can see all what you what you're seeing now right I'm like I can see it and yet I can't do it for you like I have you have to make the investment and so I'm so grateful that you did because oh me too thank you yeah and I've met some fabulous friends in there that will probably be lifelong friends absolutely for sure so awesome I think that's all I have I just uh I'm excited to see what's next I know right I'm I'm always excited at the end of these interviews I'm like oh what are we going to be talking about in the next interview so I'm excited as well thank you um for showing up and sharing your story um and for investing in yourself and being here and thank you all for listening uh Michelle tell everybody where they can connect with you if they want to connect with you and um tell them what you do so yeah um I help people work from home and be healthy and fit um healthy fit and Rich are really the three things that I bring to people and you can reach me at keto Michelle that's ke T Michelle Michelle is special it's m cle.com so ketom michelle.com and uh there's information there but what I really ask people to do is just to connect with me absolutely I love that and you can find those links as well on um the page with this Cassy parks.com you can find out about the Enchanted Circle at Cassy parks.com and thank you all for listening and being here and uh I know some of you are envisioning yourself here so keep doing that and have a fabulous rest of your day thanks Michelle you're welcome thank you thanks for joining us on the more money show to learn how to attract more money into your life go to your favorite book retailer and Order Cassie's book manifest $10,000

- Balancing Your Weight: Which is Better -  Meat-Based and Plant-Based Diets for Women Over 40?: Kind: captions Language: en hey there lovely viewers welcome back today we're diving into a Hot Topic the battle between meat-based and plant-based diets when it comes to weight loss ladies this one's for you before we get started don't forget to hit that subscribe button and ring the notification Bell so you never miss out on our helpful content let's get started number one understanding meat-based diets all right let's begin with meat-based diets these diets typically include animal products like meat poultry fish and sometimes Dairy many women opt for this approach because of its perceived protein power and its ability to satisfy hunger meat is a rich source of complete protein which can help you feel full and reduce Cravings it also contains essential nutrients like iron zinc and B vitamins number two pros of meat-based diets so what are the proos pros of a meat-based diet for weight loss well here are a few advantages to consider one satd factor as I mentioned the high protein content in meat can help you stay full longer potentially reducing overall calorie intake two nutrient density meat provides essential nutrients that support energy levels and overall health number three cons of meat-based diets but hold on there are some down sides to meat-based diets as well one calorie density some meat products can be calorie dense which might lead to excess calorie consumption if portion control isn't maintained two saturated fats certain meats can be high in saturated fats which can raise cholesterol levels and potentially increase the risk of heart disease number four transitioning to plant-based diets now let's switch gears to plant-based Di diets these diets focus on whole plant foods like fruits vegetables legumes grains nuts and seeds they're often chosen for their potential health benefits plant-based diets are naturally rich in fiber vitamins and antioxidants which can support weight loss and overall well-being number five pros of plant-based diets so what makes plant-based diets appealing for women trying to shed those extra pounds one low calorie density plant-based foods are generally lower in calorie density meaning you can eat more volume with fewer calories two fiber and fullness the fiber in plant-based Foods promotes feelings of fullness reducing the likelihood of overeating number six cons of plant-based diets but plant-based diets aren't without their challenges one protein sources finding adequate protein sources can be a concern for some women on plant-based diets however there are plenty of plant-based protein options available two nutrient considerations ensuring you get all essential nutrients especially vitamin B12 can require careful planning in plant-based diets number seven finding balance ultimately the best diet for weight loss depends on your preferences and lifestyle it's worth noting that many women find success with a balanced approach if you are just not sure you can always consider combining The Best of Both Worlds incorporating lean meats and plenty of plant-based Foods into your diet this way you can enjoy the benefits of both approaches number eight conclusion so which diet is best for weight loss well there's no one size fits-all answer it's about finding what works for you your body and and your goals remember to consult with a healthc care professional or a registered dietitian before making any significant dietary changes thank you for joining us today if you found this video helpful please give it a thumbs up share it with your friends and leave your thoughts in the comments below and of course don't forget to subscribe for more valuable content stay healthy and fabulous ladies until next time and remember how beautiful you are shine girl shine

- Full Day of Eating - High Protein Veg Diet Plan for Weight Loss | By GunjanShouts: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, today I'm going to share with you recipes for all three meals of the day: breakfast, lunch, and dinner. This full-day diet is healthy, balanced, and tasty. These dishes are very easy to prepare and will also meet your protein requirements. If you want to lose weight, strengthen your body, and feel energetic all day, then this full-day diet is best for you. While preparing each dish, I 'll share its portion sizes, nutritional values, and alternatives so you can prepare similar meals for the rest of the day. Finally, I'll also explain how to eat portion-controlled meals. So, watch the video carefully until the end. If you'd like a customized diet plan, you can take advantage of my program, I Am Wow. You can discuss all the details of this program with my team by visiting the link in the description. [Music] So, let's get started. We will make a healthy oat meal for breakfast. For this simple recipe, first you need to heat 150ml (around a cup) of low-fat oat milk in a pan. Then add 30-40 grams (5 to 6 tablespoons) of rolled oats. Oats are rich in fiber, which is why they are very good for digestion. Oats also help in reducing cholesterol and make you feel full with a good complexion. They also help in losing weight. Now we can add a pinch of cinnamon to it, which will not only give a lovely flavor, but cinnamon also improves digestion and boosts metabolism. Within a minute, these oats will be cooked and now we can take them out in a bowl, let them cool, and in the meantime, we will cut some fruits. You can take 100 to 150 grams of seasonal fruits of your choice. So, first of all, I will take strawberries. I'm eating oats, which are rich in vitamin C. You know that oats also contain iron, and the vitamin C in strawberries helps with iron absorption. So, it's a good idea to add fruit like strawberries to your oatmeal. After this, I'm taking a medium-sized banana and slicing it up. Bananas are a good source of various antioxidants and potassium. Many people feel that they can't eat bananas if they want to lose weight, but that's not the case. If you pay attention to portions, you can enjoy any fruit. These fruits should n't be overripe, because that increases their sugar content. So, when you're eating bananas, make sure they're neither raw nor overripe. Now, we'll take a tablespoon of protein powder and add it to the oats. The protein I'm using is plant- based and completely natural. It contains no preservatives, and it's a very easy way to increase protein in your diet. I'm including the link in the description. Now, let's get into it. Add some warm water. If you do n't want to use protein powder, you can skip it. Instead, you can make a glass of Sattu buttermilk with breakfast. This will also provide you with good protein. Many studies have proven that when our breakfast is protein- rich, we don't overeat throughout the day, and this helps us lose weight. Now that we've added all these fruits to the mixture, we'll add 10 to 15 grams of mixed seeds, which are a very good source of Omega 3 and add a nice crunch to our breakfast. With this, our protein-rich, super healthy, and tasty breakfast is ready. You can read its nutritional value on the screen, and it literally doesn't take more than 10 minutes to prepare. To add variety, you can use different types of fruits. You can also add soaked chia seeds. If you want to keep it light, you can also make it with just water instead of milk. You can make this [music] Now it's time for lunch, we will make a Buddha Bol. For those who want to eat a balanced lunch, that means it should have carbs, protein, vegetables, it should be tempting to look at and tasty to eat, then Buddha Bol is something that you will definitely love. So, take one cup of water in a pressure cooker and add a pinch of salt to it. We will add 30 to 40 grams, that is, about 3 tablespoons of quinoa and now we will cook it till it reaches two vessels. The quantities I am telling you are enough for one portion, that is, one person. You can increase or decrease it according to your family members. So, now after two vessels, we will keep the cooker aside. We don't need to open it right now. So now I am taking this multi snack pan. This pan is very useful, especially if you cook food for only one or two people in your house. I am also giving its link in the description. We can see all its three sections. You can use them together. Otherwise, you can use a normal pan. So, first, we will add ghee in all three sections of this pan. In one section, I am adding around 30 grams of boiled chickpeas. Now, after adding chole masala on it, we will roast it in ghee. This Amritsari chole masala is also my favorite. I will add its link in the description. You must try it. Now, in the second section, we will add 150 grams, i.e., a small ball of mixed vegetables and sauté it. It has bell peppers and onions. You can use any vegetables of your choice. We will add a little salt and black pepper on it. Now, I have cut 40 grams of paneer into two pieces and we will grill it together. You can also add a little salt and chaat masala on it. This will enhance the taste of the paneer even more. So, you can cook all these three things one by one in the pan or you can cook them together like this. The chickpeas are roasting very well. Yes and the aroma is also very good. Do not cook the vegetables too much, just fry them lightly. Let's flip the paneer as well. Let's check if it is grilled or not. Wow, it looks perfectly grilled. Now cook it from the other side as well. In the meantime, let's check the quinoa. Nice, it is also cooked well and now we will serve it. On this bed of quinoa, let's add ghee roasted chickpeas, then we will add sautéed bell peppers and onions on top of it and then grilled paneer as well. Now only one thing is left, its dressing which will be ready in just one minute. Take 50 grams of hung curd. If you leave some curd on a sieve for some time, then your hung curd will be ready. Add one to two finely chopped garlic cloves, then add a pinch of salt, add a little black pepper and add one teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil and mix it well. This dressing has a very amazing aroma and taste. Now we spread it on our food. You can use coriander for garnishing and with this our delicious lunch is ready. You can read its nutritional profile on the screen and trust me on this, this is one recipe which you must try. This Buddha bowl is a perfect combination of taste and health. For its variations, you can use any other whole grain or millet in place of quinoa like rice, porridge, millet etc. Instead of chickpeas, you can sometimes use kidney beans, sometimes black gram, sometimes cowpea. In vegetables, you can use any vegetable of your choice and instead of paneer, you can take tofu or you can also add soya chunks. Non- vegetarians can use grilled chicken as well. Guys, after lunch, you can take 20 grams roasted mixed nuts in the evening snack and you can take 100 grams yogurt with it. If you want, you can add any nuts You can also make chaat by mixing it with yogurt, such as makhana chaat, which is very tasty. It will help you complete your nutrition for the day. So now we will start preparing dinner. But before that, I would like to tell you that only by eating healthy food like this, you can lose weight and manage many lifestyle-related medical issues like PCOD, thyroid, diabetes. Many people join gyms and do aggressive workouts, but unless your nutrition is sorted, you will not get results. I, along with my team, have helped thousands of people achieve their fitness goals and by fixing just one thing: their nutrition and their diet. Therefore, I am confident that you too can achieve your health goals with the help of diet alone. To become a part of my program, you can know its complete details by visiting the link given in the description. Let's start dinner now. We are going to keep the dinner very simple and very healthy. For this, we will first prepare steamed rice in a pan. I will take two cups of water, add a little salt in it, then add 30 grams of rice in it. I have washed the rice thoroughly and also soaked it for 10 minutes. Now some people think that rice in dinner is absolutely wrong, whereas it is not so. After the entire dinner is prepared, I will share its nutrition profile with you and you will see how well balanced this entire meal is. So, this rice will be ready in just 10 minutes and in the meantime, we will start making dal. Take a cup of water in the cooker, add a little salt in it, add a little turmeric powder too. Now add about 30 grams of well washed yellow moong dal. Moong dal is quick to prepare and it is also easy to digest. Therefore, if you make dal for dinner, then make only light dals like moong dhuli moong chhilka, as these are easy on the stomach. Mix it well, close the cooker and cook it till two boils come out. Meanwhile, we will prepare the tadka for the dal. Let's take a pan and add some ghee. Then add cumin seeds. Add whole red chilies. Add chopped garlic and ginger. Then add chopped onions and cook it for a while. As soon as the onions become slightly translucent, add chopped tomatoes and cook again. You can also add green chilies. If we are cooking for children, then skip the chilies. Now we will add salt and some coriander powder. After cooking it lightly, we will add boiled lentils in this tempering. As soon as the lentils come to a boil, you can add some garam masala on top of it. This is optional. After mixing, cover it and keep it aside. So that everything comes together. So now there is another quick dish which we are making for this dinner. This is soybean masala. For this, take 30 grams of soybean chunks in a bowl. Add warm water to it and keep it aside to soak. Now prepare the masala. Take ghee in a pan and then add cumin seeds to it. Add chopped garlic, ginger, and onion and cook. After it's cooked a little, add freshly chopped tomatoes, then salt, and vegetable masala. This will give this dish a wonderful taste. Now add a little turmeric and a little water so that the spices do n't burn. Now let's add these soaked soybean chunks. If you want, you can also add a little garam masala on top. In just two to three minutes, all the water will evaporate, and your soy masala will be ready. In the meantime, we will see that our lentils are cooked well, they smell very nice, and the rice is also ready, it's very fluffy. So, let's serve the food. This is the most important part. We always talk about portion control, but how do we know how much portion is right for us? Now, I will serve you the food by measuring it properly on my plate, which will contain approximately 430 calories. This portion is recommended for an average person who wants to lose weight. After this, you can serve it to your You can do plus or minus as per your requirements. This is a kitchen weighing scale which is easily available online. I am also providing its link in the description. Now we will first place a bowl on it and press the tare option so that the weight of the bowl gets cancelled. Now we will start loading food in it. I am serving 100g rice, so this is 100g rice. Now in another bowl I am adding 200ml dal. If your dal has more liquid, you can increase it. Now in another bowl I am adding 200g soya masala, so this is our 200g soya masala. Along with this, we will also add 100g salad and it is ready. You can see its nutrition profile on the screen. It tastes very good and we feel blessed when we get to eat such simple homely food and maintain our weight without compromise. I hope you liked these recipes. If would like to see more such healthy one day meal options in future, please let me know by commenting and to see more such videos, subscribe to the channel and select the bell icon. See you in the next video, Till Then Stay Fit, Stay Hit

  Top Comments:
  1. @safiawilayataliwilayatali: I don't want to lose my weight  so can I eat oats in breakfast
  2. @ManzilGaur: Mam soya chunks ka substitute kya hai for thyroid paitients
  3. @sadafzeheraalwanialwani5381: Please share more recipes for weight loss
  4. @rekhapuniani9511: 7days meal recipes banne  thanks
  5. @ministerpeakthegodman: Ma'am aapne baal laal kyu kardiye 😅?
  6. @priyajoshi9725: Buddha bowl recipe mein bahut tamzam hai. Instead of that I prepared quinoa pulav with chole veggies and paneer. N served with 1 bowl curd
  7. @SwadSutrabyShraddha03: Calories bhi btaye
  8. @hemlatapremi1925: Yes or easy recipe for weight loss
  9. @AnuragBLR: Seasonal sweet fruits.
  10. @KasakDuggal-rf9xn: please dont use that water and squeeze  soya properly before using it as that water contains anti nutrients
  11. @jayshripandey8109: Mam me sb kuch kr rhi hu 89 se 73 ho gya tha phir se 77 ho gya h
  12. @mithichinoy6240: Yes, please create one week's menu
  13. @sharadjain3572: Yes mam thank you all Z
  14. @KangoJunior: I used to feel anxious about meals. Healix AI helped me replace fear with understanding 🤍📊
  15. @manishkhatri5285: Yes, of course.
  16. @anaamika6303: I dislike oats! Bye…
  17. @SULEKHA-v7g: Paheli bar mene weight lose ki itni badi video puri dekhi, aapki sari bate bahot sahi lagi
  18. @madhukaushal3866: Yes we need
  19. @naheedkhalida7124: Thanks ❤
  20. @sulatamodal7233: Yes please ...help me to reduce weight very fast

- ✅ High Protein Foods || Protein Rich Foods For Weight Gain: Kind: captions Language: en 1. potatoes 1 medium potato contain 4.3 grams protein 2. eggs 1 large egg contains 6 grams protein 3. tofu 100 grams tofu contain 8 grams 4. peanut butter 2 tbsp contain 8 grams 5. milk 1 cup whole milk contain 8 grams 6. Greek yogurt 100 grams contain 10 7. oats 100 grams contain 18 grams paneer 1 9. cashews 100 grams contain 18 grams 10. chick 100 grams contain 19 grams protein [Music] 11. black chickpeas 100 grams contain 20 12. almonds 100 grams contain 21 grams 13. fish 100 gram salmon contain 22 14. kidney beans 100 grams contain 24 15. mung beans 100 grams contain 24 16. peanuts 100 grams contain 26 grams 17. lentils 100 grams contain 26 grams 18 meat 100 grams roasted contain 27 19. chicken breast 100 grams contain 31 20. soybeans 100 grams contain 36 grams 21. soya chunks 100 grams contain 52 thanks for watching Remember to subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @PavanEmandi-i3d [4 likes]: Potatoes are not protien carbohydrates
  2. @manishadanave [1 likes]: Very useful
  3. @FaqirHussain-s7h: 👍👍👍💯
  4. @thamizharasi-j6z: Muttai egg tofu benut butter milk
Ooats panneer munthiri parupu kondakadalai karupu Vellai patham 
Fish kidny beans pacha payaru parupu. Chicken choya mealmaker
  5. @maitres-chez-nous5609: The highest protein sources are soya which have tons of estrogen mimickers. Not doing it
  6. @sicnarfzerep5329: Burger
Fries
Soda
Chicken
Are the best foods with protein
  7. @ANDREWLewis-p9j: I would disagree with potatoes nearly all carbs if you peel them you lose the vitamins. What is paneer ?
  8. @HealthyLiteFoods: Health Is Wealth ❤
  9. @lumity238: Can I eat this with diverticulosis?
  10. @BraydenLexie: So satisfying to watch.
  11. @Nunukazanchis: How comes Potato? It’s full of starch, high carb
  12. @mirzayaar7570: If you’ve been wondering why you’re not feeling as strong, motivated, or sharp as you used to, Testosterone Rewired by David Brooks might just have the answers. The book focuses on the power of testosterone and how increasing it can seriously transform your health and mindset. If you’re tired of feeling drained or out of balance, this book offers some solid advice on how to get back to your peak
  13. @CHHATARPURSANGAM: Tried all the hacks. ice baths, preworkouts, even dopamine detoxes. none of it clicked. I felt so tired everyday. then someone dropped Testosterone Rewired by David Brooks in a comment and I checked it out. been locked in ever since. no hype, just clarity. wild how long I was running on fumes.🔥
  14. @NimalaE: If you’ve been wondering why you’re not feeling as strong, motivated, or sharp as you used to, Testosterone Rewired by David Brooks might just have the answers. The book focuses on the power of testosterone and how increasing it can seriously transform your health and mindset. If you’re tired of feeling drained or out of balance, this book offers some solid advice on how to get back to your peak
  15. @s.p.papercraft4832: Tried all the hacks. ice baths, preworkouts, even dopamine detoxes. none of it clicked. I felt so tired everyday. then someone dropped Testosterone Rewired by David Brooks in a comment and I checked it out. been locked in ever since. no hype, just clarity. wild how long I was running on fumes.🔥
  16. @surajmaurya5566: I felt so drained and tired everday. I tried everything, preworkouts, youtube gurus, morning routines that nearly killed me. none of it hit. then i saw someone mention Testosterone Rewired by David Brooks in the comments and it literally changed my life. Following everything in that book past couple of weeks made me realize I was running on empty for YEARS. wish I knew about this years ago🔥
  17. @puran_yadav001: if you're scrolling and feel off, read this. i was burnt out, low energy, not myself. found Testosterone Rewired by David Brooks, had zero expectations but man. chapter by chapter it rebuilt me. no hype bs, not fake motivation just stuff that grounds you and resets your system. this book really saved me. wish I found it sooner.🔥
  18. @galaxyhacker_2k: Thank you
  19. @PaulalfredPascual: High protein food intake potatoes yummy.
  20. @wordofgodjesuss: God is Jesus. Jesus is the bread of life. Read the Holy Bible early in the morning every day to serve God like food. Do not love the body but love God, the Spirit who created the body. Today's body is just dust tomorrow. Death is for everyone. But there is no death for those who believe and worship jesus.

Gentiles salvation gospel by apostle paul✅
(Faith only)= Gentile's eternity 
dear non jews, i have a spiritual message for you. if you need salvation, you need to believe in apostle Paul's gospel. i can explain that, it's the belief that jesus died for all the sins of human beings. jesus died for all of us. he payed the penalty for us. jesus died and resurrected to heaven. if we confess and believe in this gospel. god will come for us again. at that second coming true believers will taken up to heaven.🆗

Proofs that jesus is Yahweh.

Jesus is the word of God, jesus is the God.
I can give you 13 proofs. (Additional proofs are in the Bible)

1. John 1:1-14 - "The Word was God... The Word became flesh." (Identifying jesus as the God's Word)

2. John 5:23 - "That all may honor the Son just as they honor the Father." (Demanding equal honor)

3. John 6:35 - "I am the bread of life."
    (God's word is our spiritual food. God command us to read Bible)

4. John 8:23-24 - "If you do not believe that I am He, you will indeed die in your sins." (Asserting divine identity)

5. John 8:58 - "Before Abraham was born, I am!" (Emphasizing His eternal existence)

6. John 10:30 - "I and the Father are one." (Asserting unity with God)

7.  John 11:25 - "I am the resurrection and the life."
(Jesus claim's only christians get resurrection & life)

8.  John 14:6 - "I am the way, the truth, and the life."
(He claim's there is no other shortcut for heaven)

9. John 20:28-29 - "My Lord and my God!" (Thomas's declaration, to which Jesus doesn't object)

10. Matthew 9:2 - "Take heart, son; your sins are forgiven." (Implying divine authority to forgive sins)

11. Matthew 26:63-64 - "You will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Mighty One." (Claiming divine authority)

12. Mark 14:62 - "I am, and you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Mighty One."

13. Revelation 22:13-17 - "I am the Alpha and the Omega, the First and the Last, the Beginning and the End." (Confirming that jesus is God.)

Trust bible, listen holy spirit. Believe holy spirit. Obey holy spirit. Only faith in Christ brings you salvation. only holy spirit can convince you that jesus is god.

Jesus is yeshua, Yeshua is Yahweh, Yahweh is lord.
May god bless you.

- What Happens To Your Body on High Protein Diet: Kind: captions Language: en Are you ready to instantly lose&nbsp; weight, gain muscle, and live longer?&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, no matter what anyone says, there is no&nbsp; miracle diet that can do these things for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Staying healthy is a balance between eating&nbsp; the right foods and being active. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; a high protein diet may be a good place to&nbsp; start. There are a lot of positive things&nbsp;&nbsp; that eating protein can do for your body. But&nbsp; too much protein can cause some nasty side&nbsp;&nbsp; effects. How much is too much? And does it matter&nbsp; where your protein comes from? Let’s find out. Proteins are arguably the most&nbsp; important molecules in your body.&nbsp;&nbsp; They make up your cells, allow your body to carry&nbsp; out essential functions, and without protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’d die. There are over 80,000&nbsp; different proteins in the human body,&nbsp;&nbsp; and each one has a function. In fact, proteins&nbsp; make up around 20% of your entire body. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it should come as no surprise that consuming&nbsp; enough protein is vital to your survival. Proteins are made up of smaller molecules called&nbsp; amino acids that are joined together and aligned&nbsp;&nbsp; in unique ways to create different shapes.&nbsp; The crazy thing is out of the 21 amino acids&nbsp;&nbsp; used by the human body to make proteins; there&nbsp; are 9 that can’t be synthesized by your cells.&nbsp;&nbsp; This means the only way to get them is by eating&nbsp; foods that have these amino acids stored in them. Which foods contain the amino acids and proteins&nbsp; I need to stay alive, you may be wondering.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don’t worry; The Infographics Show&nbsp; has got you covered. We will tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; exactly where to find the protein your body&nbsp; so desperately craves later on in the video. Let’s start with the basics. When you eat&nbsp; something, your body tears it apart, breaks&nbsp;&nbsp; it down, and then circulates the molecules and&nbsp; nutrients contained within the food around your&nbsp;&nbsp; body so that your cells can get what they need.&nbsp; For example, if you eat a slice of pork belly,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fats, proteins, and other molecules&nbsp; that are contained within the piece of meat&nbsp;&nbsp; don’t go straight to your belly. Instead, the meat&nbsp; is broken down in the stomach and intestines, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the individual nutrients get circulated to every&nbsp; part of your body via your circulatory system. Therefore, we eat to provide our bodies&nbsp; with the molecules necessary to function&nbsp;&nbsp; and keep us alive. And proteins are one&nbsp; of the most important molecules of all.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, how much protein should you actually be&nbsp; eating? And what does it do to your body? Everyone’s body is different, which means that&nbsp; everyone's daily intake of protein will need to&nbsp;&nbsp; be different to provide the optimum effect.&nbsp; Researchers suggest that the average male&nbsp;&nbsp; should consume around 56 grams of protein per&nbsp; day while females should have approximately 46&nbsp;&nbsp; grams of protein each day. However, since&nbsp; everyone is a different size and weight,&nbsp;&nbsp; there may be a better way to calculate&nbsp; how much protein you should be eating. You should be consuming around .365 grams of&nbsp; protein a day for every pound you weigh. An easier&nbsp;&nbsp; way to think about this is for every 10 pounds of&nbsp; body weight; you should eat 3.65 grams of protein.&nbsp;&nbsp; This means if you weigh 150 pounds, you should&nbsp; eat around 55 grams of protein throughout your&nbsp;&nbsp; day. However, this is just a baseline. People who&nbsp; are more active will need to consume more protein&nbsp;&nbsp; to maintain or build their muscle mass. But these&nbsp; calculations are a good baseline to start with. Surprisingly, there is still a decent amount of&nbsp; debate within the scientific and medical community&nbsp;&nbsp; on how much protein someone should&nbsp; actually consume in a 24 hour period.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some experts put the number twice&nbsp; as high as previously mentioned,&nbsp;&nbsp; but more research still needs to&nbsp; be done to justify these numbers. Regardless of what the exact amount of&nbsp; protein a person should consume is, there&nbsp;&nbsp; is an even more important question. What does&nbsp; the protein you eat physically do to your body? Since proteins play a vital role in many life&nbsp; functions and literally make up the cells&nbsp;&nbsp; in your body, a better question might be: what&nbsp; don’t proteins do? There are definitely a number&nbsp;&nbsp; of noticeable effects that a high-protein diet&nbsp; can have on your overall health and physiology. Scientists have found that high-protein&nbsp; diets end up reducing your appetite.&nbsp;&nbsp; A number of studies revealed that out of all the&nbsp; nutrients you consume on a daily basis, protein is&nbsp;&nbsp; the one that makes you feel full the fastest.&nbsp; The reason for this is that protein reduces&nbsp;&nbsp; the amount of a hormone called ghrelin in your&nbsp; body. Ghrelin is one of the molecules that tells&nbsp;&nbsp; your brain that you’re hungry. Therefore, the less&nbsp; ghrelin in your system, the less hungry you feel. Protein also boosts the levels of peptide&nbsp; YY, which signals the body that it’s full.&nbsp;&nbsp; With the reduction of ghrelin and the increase of&nbsp; peptide YY, the body feels nutritionally satisfied&nbsp;&nbsp; much sooner than you would with a low-protein&nbsp; meal. This reduces the urge to overeat,&nbsp;&nbsp; which in turn can help you&nbsp; lose weight and stay healthier. In a study conducted at the University&nbsp; of Washington School of Medicine,&nbsp;&nbsp; people who increased the number of calories&nbsp; they consumed from a protein source from 15%&nbsp;&nbsp; to 30% ate around 441 fewer calories per day than&nbsp; someone on a lower-protein diet. The craziest part&nbsp;&nbsp; was that the people in the study were&nbsp; allowed to eat as much as they wanted.&nbsp;&nbsp; The group that increased their protein intake&nbsp; just felt fuller quicker, so they ate less.&nbsp;&nbsp; What this implies is that subbing out foods that&nbsp; are higher in fats, sugars, and carbohydrates&nbsp;&nbsp; for meat or high protein veggies might make&nbsp; you feel more satisfied with fewer calories. Along with suppressing appetite, high protein&nbsp; diets can help you lose weight in another way. High protein intake has been&nbsp; shown to increase metabolism,&nbsp;&nbsp; at least for a short period of time. Even as you&nbsp; eat, your body is using energy to break down the&nbsp;&nbsp; food and circulate the nutrients to your vital&nbsp; organs and muscles. The energy expended and the&nbsp;&nbsp; increase in metabolic rate to aid in digestion&nbsp; is called the thermic effect of food or TEF. The interesting thing is that protein has a much&nbsp; higher thermic effect than most other types of&nbsp;&nbsp; molecules like carbohydrates or fats. Studies&nbsp; have shown that by eating high protein foods,&nbsp;&nbsp; your thermic effect can increase by 5 to&nbsp; 15 percent more than consuming food with&nbsp;&nbsp; little or no protein. What this means&nbsp; is that your body has to work harder&nbsp;&nbsp; to break down protein than other molecules. This&nbsp; causes you to use more energy during digestion&nbsp;&nbsp; while simultaneously increasing your metabolism. All of these factors combined can cause your&nbsp; body to burn 80 to 100 more calories a day&nbsp;&nbsp; just from eating. And this might be a&nbsp; conservative number. One study showed&nbsp;&nbsp; that a group of people eating a high protein&nbsp; diet burned on average 260 calories more per day&nbsp;&nbsp; than a group of people on a low protein diet.&nbsp; This is the equivalent of the amount of energy&nbsp;&nbsp; expended from a moderate workout session. Who&nbsp; knew that eating could be such a good exercise? And speaking of working out, protein is&nbsp; literally the building block for all your&nbsp;&nbsp; muscles. So, does eating more protein&nbsp; correlate to increased muscle size? Not exactly. However, increasing the amount of&nbsp; protein in your diet will impact your muscles&nbsp;&nbsp; in a number of different ways. Eating more&nbsp; protein does not necessarily build more muscle,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it does help maintain muscle mass and&nbsp; promote growth. If all you did was eat protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; your muscles would not magically become&nbsp; bigger. However, if you engaged in a&nbsp;&nbsp; weightlifting regiment on a regular basis&nbsp; while also increasing protein intake,&nbsp;&nbsp; your muscles would likely get larger more&nbsp; quickly than if you stuck to your typical diet. Someone who is active and trying&nbsp; to bulk up their muscle mass should&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely increase the amount of&nbsp; protein they put into their bodies.&nbsp;&nbsp; There is also another important factor to consider&nbsp; when trying to build, or more importantly,&nbsp;&nbsp; maintain muscle mass. If for some reason you&nbsp; need to stop lifting weights or reduce your&nbsp;&nbsp; time working out due to an injury or life just&nbsp; getting in the way, you should still maintain a&nbsp;&nbsp; high protein diet. The rationale for this is that&nbsp; if you go from being highly active to less active,&nbsp;&nbsp; you will begin to lose weight as your muscles&nbsp; shrink. However, a high protein diet can slow&nbsp;&nbsp; the rate of and even prevent muscle loss&nbsp; if the right types of food are consumed. Perhaps the biggest selling point for&nbsp; high-protein diets is that not only&nbsp;&nbsp; will they help you lose weight, but they&nbsp; will help you keep the pounds off as well. Over the course of a year, high-protein diets&nbsp; seem to be much more effective at helping people&nbsp;&nbsp; maintain weight loss. Now, it is important&nbsp; to remember that just eating a lot of protein&nbsp;&nbsp; will not cause you to lose weight instantly.&nbsp; However, there may be some huge benefits if you&nbsp;&nbsp; stay active, eat the right types of protein,&nbsp; and keep track of your calories. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; a study that tracked 130 people on high-protein&nbsp; diets over the course of a year found that they&nbsp;&nbsp; lost 53% more body fat compared to a control&nbsp; group of people on a regular-protein diet. In a clinical trial conducted by the Department&nbsp; of Human Biology at Maastricht University in the&nbsp;&nbsp; Netherlands, researchers found that high-protein&nbsp; diets reduced weight regain by around 50%.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is huge for people who want to lose weight&nbsp; and keep the weight off. As many dieters know,&nbsp;&nbsp; losing the weight is only half the battle;&nbsp; it’s keeping the weight off that can be hard.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it seems from a number of studies that&nbsp; a high-protein diet and healthy lifestyle&nbsp;&nbsp; may be one of the best ways to do just that. You probably have heard that one side&nbsp; effect of a high protein diet is that&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be damaging to your bones.&nbsp; But is there any truth to this? This myth probably originated from the idea&nbsp; that protein can increase the acidity level of&nbsp;&nbsp; the body slightly, which in theory could cause&nbsp; calcium to leach from your bones. To be fair,&nbsp;&nbsp; if your blood’s acidity was high enough,&nbsp; it most certainly could cause the calcium&nbsp;&nbsp; on your bones to break down and weaken&nbsp; your skeletal system. But if your blood&nbsp;&nbsp; ever ended up at that high level of acidity,&nbsp; you’d be dead, so it really wouldn’t matter. What long-term studies have shown is that&nbsp; both animal and plant protein can actually&nbsp;&nbsp; help people maintain bone mass as they&nbsp; get older. According to some research,&nbsp;&nbsp; people who maintain a high protein diet over&nbsp; extended periods of time also seem to be at a&nbsp;&nbsp; lower risk of osteoporosis and bone fractures.&nbsp; It is important to point out that this does&nbsp;&nbsp; not mean you should immediately start consuming&nbsp; massive quantities of beef to increase your bone&nbsp;&nbsp; health. There are better sources of protein,&nbsp; which we will break down for you in a bit. The same thing goes for this&nbsp; next health benefit. It is all&nbsp;&nbsp; contingent on what type of protein you are eating. It may seem counterintuitive, but a high-protein&nbsp; diet can actually lower your blood pressure.&nbsp;&nbsp; The exact mechanism for this is&nbsp; not completely understood yet,&nbsp;&nbsp; but in one study, it was found that a&nbsp; high-protein diet did not just lower blood&nbsp;&nbsp; pressure but also reduced LDL cholesterol and&nbsp; triglycerides. This is important because these&nbsp;&nbsp; factors in high levels can be a recipe for&nbsp; heart attacks, strokes, and kidney disease. Although a high-protein diet can&nbsp; have harmful effects on the kidneys,&nbsp;&nbsp; you probably don’t need to worry too&nbsp; much as long as you are in good health. Doctors recommend that people with kidney&nbsp; diseases reduce the amount of protein they eat.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is because high amounts of protein&nbsp; can exacerbate problems in kidneys that&nbsp;&nbsp; are already damaged. However, the same&nbsp; thing cannot be said about people with&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy kidneys. It is always&nbsp; important to follow the advice&nbsp;&nbsp; of doctors and medical professionals&nbsp; when they recommend lifestyle changes.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, no studies have connected high protein&nbsp; consumption to causing damage to healthy kidneys. Protein may even be able to reverse&nbsp; and repair the damage done to the body. Since it is the building block of&nbsp; your cells, mussels, and organs,&nbsp;&nbsp; eating more protein actually provides your body&nbsp; with the resources it needs to help repair itself.&nbsp;&nbsp; Several studies have even claimed that after you&nbsp; suffer an injury, consuming more protein could&nbsp;&nbsp; help speed up the time it takes to recover. Some&nbsp; researchers even claim that if you are on a high&nbsp;&nbsp; protein diet before you get injured, it may&nbsp; cause your body to heal faster than someone&nbsp;&nbsp; who is not. More analysis needs to be done, but&nbsp; it is possible that in the future, doctors will&nbsp;&nbsp; recommend foods high in protein after an injury,&nbsp; along with other already established treatments. So, we know that high protein diets have several&nbsp; immediate and short-term benefits for the body.&nbsp;&nbsp; But what about as you get older? It may&nbsp; sound crazy, but a high protein diet in&nbsp;&nbsp; the middle stages of life can have lasting&nbsp; benefits even into your more mature years. It is no secret that as you age, your body&nbsp; becomes weaker. Your muscles start to shrink,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your bones become more frail. However,&nbsp; studies have shown by eating more protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; these effects can be mitigated. It is important&nbsp; that you also maintain some form of activity as&nbsp;&nbsp; well because if you don’t use your muscles,&nbsp; they will begin to atrophy no matter how&nbsp;&nbsp; much protein you eat. But eating a high-protein&nbsp; diet during your life and into your later years&nbsp;&nbsp; may help your body retain some of its strength&nbsp; and keep you in better overall health. There are definitely a lot of positives to eating&nbsp; a high protein diet, but is there a downside?&nbsp;&nbsp; Unfortunately, yes, so before&nbsp; you go on a meat buying spree,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure to watch the rest of this video. As we said before, there is no miracle diet that&nbsp; can solve all of your weight and health problems.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is especially true of high-protein diets that&nbsp; require you to cut out all other macronutrients&nbsp;&nbsp; from your meals. You should steer clear of any&nbsp; diet that tells you to remove all carbs or fats&nbsp;&nbsp; from your life. In these types of situations,&nbsp; you could develop nutritional deficiencies&nbsp;&nbsp; such as low fiber, which can cause&nbsp; headaches and constipation. Therefore,&nbsp;&nbsp; a high-protein diet does not mean you should&nbsp; remove all other types of food from your life. As we said before, the type of protein you’re&nbsp; eating matters. And there are definitely some&nbsp;&nbsp; foods that are better than others.&nbsp; You should not be eating all red meat&nbsp;&nbsp; or full-fat dairy foods because they can&nbsp; cause an increased risk of heart disease.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is because these types of food are often&nbsp; full of saturated fats and high in cholesterol. So, this brings up the question: what&nbsp; type of foods should you be eating in&nbsp;&nbsp; your high protein diet? You obviously want&nbsp; to receive the benefits of consuming more&nbsp;&nbsp; protein but don't want to put yourself at&nbsp; risk for high cholesterol or heart disease.&nbsp;&nbsp; Luckily, The Infographics&nbsp; Show has got you covered. The best meats to eat to get your&nbsp; protein fix are a mixture of birds,&nbsp;&nbsp; fish, and one other animal that you won’t believe. Chicken is a relatively low-priced meat that is&nbsp; healthy and can provide enough protein to meet&nbsp;&nbsp; your daily requirements. Chicken contains around&nbsp; 31 grams of protein in every 100 grams of meat.&nbsp;&nbsp; The best thing about chicken is&nbsp; that about 90% of the calories&nbsp;&nbsp; in the meat come directly from protein.&nbsp; We discussed earlier how important this&nbsp;&nbsp; is for speeding up your metabolism&nbsp; and reducing daily caloric intake. However, an even healthier option for high protein&nbsp; meat is fish. Yellowfin tuna contains around 30&nbsp;&nbsp; grams of protein per 100 grams of meat. Other&nbsp; fish possess slightly less protein per serving,&nbsp;&nbsp; but not by much. However, the benefit of&nbsp; eating fish as part of a high protein diet&nbsp;&nbsp; is that they also contain omega-3 fatty acids and&nbsp; vitamins such as D and B2. Omega-3 has shown to be&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely good for your heart and reduce plaque&nbsp; buildup around blood vessels. This means that&nbsp;&nbsp; fish is a two-for-one meal that provides both high&nbsp; amounts of protein and essential vitamins as well. Another seafood that is high in protein&nbsp; is shrimp. These crustaceans contain&nbsp;&nbsp; 23 grams of protein for every 100 grams of meat.&nbsp; They also might provide a cheaper way to get&nbsp;&nbsp; your daily protein from seafood as shrimp tend&nbsp; to cost less per pound than higher-end fishes. The most surprising animal that can&nbsp; serve as a good source of protein&nbsp;&nbsp; isn’t a fish, bird, or mammal.&nbsp; Instead, it is an insect. Crickets are an excellent source of protein. They&nbsp; contain around 60 grams of protein for every 100&nbsp;&nbsp; grams of crickets consumed. Right now, crickets&nbsp; tend not to be the main source of protein for any&nbsp;&nbsp; diet. However, as scientists and nutritionists&nbsp; work to make crickets more mainstream,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is changing. The great thing about&nbsp; these insects is that they are plentiful,&nbsp;&nbsp; reproduce rapidly, and have minimal impact on&nbsp; the environment. When they are eaten whole,&nbsp;&nbsp; crickets don’t really have much of a taste other&nbsp; than whatever seasoning is put on them. Some&nbsp;&nbsp; companies are even using crickets in their protein&nbsp; bars and powder. Regardless of your feelings on&nbsp;&nbsp; bugs, crickets may be the most sustainable,&nbsp; cost-effective source of protein we have. Meat is not the only way to get your protein,&nbsp; though. If you are a vegetarian or just looking&nbsp;&nbsp; for plant-based options, there are plenty of&nbsp; high-protein plants that will allow you to&nbsp;&nbsp; meet your daily intake goals. These foods&nbsp; also are healthier than eating most meats&nbsp;&nbsp; and can either be used as a substitute or&nbsp; an extra source of protein during a meal. One of the richest plant proteins is seitan.&nbsp; This durable food is made from the gluten of&nbsp;&nbsp; wheat and contains around 25 grams of&nbsp; protein for every 100 grams of seitan.&nbsp;&nbsp; It also boasts the highest amount of protein per&nbsp; gram out of any plant-based alternatives to meat. Tofu is also high in protein as well.&nbsp; Tofu is actually made of coagulated soy&nbsp;&nbsp; milk that has been pressed together into a block.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although this doesn’t sound super appetizing,&nbsp; Tofu has the ability to fit into almost any dish&nbsp;&nbsp; as it has very little taste of its own and its&nbsp; texture can change based on how it’s cooked.&nbsp;&nbsp; The best part about tofu is that it not only&nbsp; contains high amounts of protein but it is&nbsp;&nbsp; rich in iron and calcium as well. In 100 grams&nbsp; of tofu, there are around 20 grams of protein. Beans are also a great protein source for&nbsp; anyone trying to stay away from meat. Most beans&nbsp;&nbsp; constrain around 15 grams of protein per cup. And&nbsp; since beans can be cooked in a variety of ways,&nbsp;&nbsp; they can easily be added to pretty much&nbsp; any meal to boost your protein intake. Medical professionals recommend that most of&nbsp; your protein should come from plant sources.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is because they tend to be a healthier option&nbsp; than meat due to the fact that plants contain many&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrients and vitamins your body needs. If&nbsp; you only eat meat, you will definitely have&nbsp;&nbsp; a high-protein diet, but that will be about it.&nbsp; There is no substitute for a well-balanced diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; so make sure to incorporate different protein&nbsp; sources in your meals throughout the day. This brings us to a very important&nbsp; question. How much protein is too much?&nbsp;&nbsp; And what side effects can&nbsp; consuming too much protein have? It is always possible to have too much of a&nbsp; good thing in life, and protein is no different.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you consume too much protein the&nbsp; risks outweigh the benefits. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; although protein has been shown to have&nbsp; no long-term effects on healthy kidneys,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can still cause other problems&nbsp; in this part of the body. Eating&nbsp;&nbsp; too much protein can lead to kidney stones,&nbsp; which are incredibly painful until removed. Depending on the size of the stones, a doctor&nbsp; may need to use a laser to break them up into&nbsp;&nbsp; smaller pieces. There are two main ways&nbsp; that the kidney stones can then be removed;&nbsp;&nbsp; both are painful enough that the patient&nbsp; needs to be given anesthesia. One method is&nbsp;&nbsp; known as a cystoscopy, where the doctor inserts a&nbsp; cystoscope into the urethra to locate and remove&nbsp;&nbsp; the stones. You can imagine that having anything&nbsp; stuck up your urethra would be unpleasant. Another method of removing kidney stones&nbsp; is called percutaneous nephrolithotomy.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is when the doctor cuts a hole in your side&nbsp; and kidney and inserts a tool called a nephroscope&nbsp;&nbsp; into it . This device then allows the doctor&nbsp; to look around and remove any stones they find. As mentioned before, eating too much red meat can&nbsp; also lead to high cholesterol and heart problems.&nbsp;&nbsp; Therefore, it is important not to restrict&nbsp; your high protein diet to just one type&nbsp;&nbsp; of meat or protein source. There is still&nbsp; disagreement amongst medical professionals&nbsp;&nbsp; as to how much protein is too much, but there&nbsp; are definitely some guidelines to follow. For the average person, it is recommended&nbsp; you not eat more than 0.9 grams of protein&nbsp;&nbsp; for every pound you weigh. This means that&nbsp; a 150-pound person should not consume more&nbsp;&nbsp; than 135 grams of protein in a day. And this&nbsp; is the very upper limit. That being said,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are someone who is extremely active&nbsp; or an athlete, you can probably get away&nbsp;&nbsp; with eating slightly more protein as your&nbsp; body will use it to repair and build muscle.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is when the body becomes oversaturated&nbsp; with protein that problems start to arise. There are some key steps you should take&nbsp; before starting a high-protein diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially if you are going to try and&nbsp; consume the upper limits for your body weight.&nbsp;&nbsp; The first is to discuss the decision&nbsp; with your doctor. They will likely want&nbsp;&nbsp; to run some tests just to make sure your&nbsp; kidneys are healthy and in working order. You will also need to do your research.&nbsp; We have tried to provide you with some&nbsp;&nbsp; of the best food options to eat while on a high&nbsp; protein diet, but there are many other choices.&nbsp;&nbsp; Depending on where you live and what type of&nbsp; foods you like, there are likely other sources of&nbsp;&nbsp; protein that might be better for you. You can also&nbsp; talk to a nutritionist who may be able to give you&nbsp;&nbsp; further guidance. It is important to remember&nbsp; that although some meats have higher amounts of&nbsp;&nbsp; protein than other foods, fish, nuts, and beans&nbsp; can all be healthy supplements to any meal. Regardless of what high-protein foods&nbsp; you decide to eat, you should still&nbsp;&nbsp; include fruits and vegetables in your diet.&nbsp; They may not have as much protein as meat,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they are rich in vitamins&nbsp; and minerals your body needs. You also should identify exactly why you are&nbsp; starting your high protein diet. If your goal&nbsp;&nbsp; is to lose weight, you don’t need to consume as&nbsp; much protein as someone who is working to bulk&nbsp;&nbsp; up and gain muscle. Or maybe you are just planning&nbsp; for the future and want to have a healthier body&nbsp;&nbsp; in the long run. There are many benefits to eating&nbsp; a high protein diet, but there can also be risks.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is why it never hurts to discuss your&nbsp; dietary plan with medical professionals. Now watch “What Happens To Your Body&nbsp; When You Don't Eat (Fast).” Or check&nbsp;&nbsp; out “What Happens To Your Body If You Never Move.”

  Top Comments:
  1. @rachelmckitterick [1 likes]: I'm BMI 15 but because of a life long ED, I need 4-5 times the RDI of protein a day or levels in my blood are deadly low.
  2. @serge2cool: Can relate, keep it up op and always veer away from the darkness of not looking after yourself.
  3. @letshearyourverse: Several untrue claims made here, sure. But the fact that lean red meat isn't one of the most nutrient dense foods available is crazy.
  4. @averagegamer9975: Outdated info it should be 1g per lbs of bodyweight
  5. @iamthemagnificentjar: This is bug eating propaganda from the wef pod people
  6. @supa8776: Ill fuck with some crickets for my protein
  7. @nerd_alert927: 2:23 It's so much easier in kg's. 
If you weigh 56kg, you need 56g of protein a day.
  8. @whatsmyprintedname: Nothing happens just like in the books the movies the TV shows like nothing happened
  9. @FrankVasq-88: This isn't all the way wrong, ive been carnivore for about a year and lost 40 lbs gained muscle and got rid of my diabetes.
You want high protein with high natural fat like beef tallow, lard, bacon grease, anything that comes from an animal. 
Check out Dr Ken Berry's YouTube video carnivore diet for beginners. It explains everything
  10. @MarksPlate: Crickets taste good
  11. @thecaptain2118: This video is garbage... Red meat is by far the most superior protein on this little green and blue planet.

This is well known, so the author is intentionally misleading...
  12. @lazymaskyworldwide: Watching from the Philippines :face-blue-smiling: April 7, 2026
  13. @corddry56: Eat all the red meat you want. Just look for leaner cuts.
  14. @ChaoticStrike-pu3iq: Funny how there's no comment on the PROTEIN you eat that your body doesn't use is TURNED INTO FAT!!! So if you overeat protein your liver is working overtime ALL DAY!.... So, keep eating protein and don't work out and see how fat your a$$ gets.
  15. @ElDude-arino: STOP TRYING TO PUSH INSECTS AS A FOOD SOURCE!!! MANY PEOPLE ARE ALREADY ALLERGIC TO CHITIN!
  16. @dustinbrashier5339: And plant proteins are not as good they lack alot of key aminos that meat has 🤷
  17. @dustinbrashier5339: What is the science literature that red meat is bad for you
  18. @Walks8105: Lmaoo everything sounded good until he started pushing crickets and tofu and claimed meat wasn’t a healthy choice for protein. What a clown. Lean beef is a great source…
  19. @cannabiscountry4171: I wouldnt be so quick to boast tuna, the most concentrated source of mercury on the food chain, as better than beef. Local farm raised beef > tuna
  20. @nathanielmadrid7732: Does metabolism make a big role

- The Truth About Protein | Dr. Gabrielle Lyon & Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en what would be the amount of protein that you would have everybody eat what in terms of a number of grams per pound or kilogram of body weight that's actually an easy question one gram per pound ideal body weight total body weight not ideal body weight actually where you want to be if an individual is 200 lb but but would prefer to be 150 lbs then I would have them eat towards their ideal body weight there's no evidence that a higher protein diet is detrimental to Kidney Health to bone health and we use these terms Loosely like a high protein diet when we have to recognize that 8 grams per kg is a low protein diet so where did the idea come from that if you eat say one gram of quality protein per pound of ideal body weight that you're going to get gout you're going to have liver issues you're going to have all sorts of issues where did that idea come from uh frankly I'm I'm not sure but the conversation around dietary protein has probably been the most controversial why do you think that is I mean we don't we're not trying to get political here I'm just so I have some ideas but uh I I won't share them but I fine I do feel as if um nutrition is not just Science Nutrition is complicated because it's something that people tie emotion to they tie religion to they there's um a lot that goes into dietary protein and food recommendations in general but it sounds like we can safely say that if you eat one gram of protein per pound of ideal body weight that you're not going to cause liver damage or get gout or increase your risk of cancer right my understanding is that even if it comes from red meat there's no increase in risk of cancer is that right well um here's what I would say to that I would say that this idea about red meat and cancer number one we would have to even Define what kind of cancer that we're talking about there's many different types of cancers and there's many different causes it would be important to understand what risk factors are and a primary risk factor to many cancers is obesity the question then becomes how do we design a diet that mitigates obesity the evidence is also very clear that a more protein forward diet optimizes body composition and you combine that with resistance training and you will see a tremendous amount of change I worked on some of these early studies and I'll I'll share with you some of the um early studies and this came out of Don Layman's lab with the University of Illinois both you and L Norton both work there did you overlap there we did and while he was what was he like no I'm just came so let's just say he sat in the back of the class and I sat in the front okay all right there you heard it shots fired um and all kidding s Side Lane is a very he's like my brother we've known each other for 20 some years and he's a very popular guest former guest on this podcast and a very spirited guy I just like to say I don't know why his skin looks that good but um whatever so I work love you Lane I worked on yes we do I worked on some of these early studies and this was these studies were some of the first studies to come out about dietary protein nutrition and resistance training in in fact to my knowledge and to I think the knowledge of many of my colleagues this was the first study and what it was it was um a it was a 12 month study 130 overweight men and women so it was robust and basically what they did is they had um two groups one group was a food guide pyramid diet so it was 55 grams of carbohydrates a RDA of protein which was point8 grams per kg and 30% fat 30% fat was in both groups the second group was 40% carbohydrates this is remember the Zone diet 40 3030 yeah I liked that diet okay I mean there's evidence I mean I don't follow it anymore but you know I tried it for a little while and and it works great and there's some evidence to support that that is a great ratio for people coming off the lowfat era of the late '90s the Zone diet felt like um the best thing ever because it was like oh you know you can enjoy some fats and wow your satiety has improved and um you get stronger you just feel better when you're ingesting some ideally quality fats that's my experience anyway and also we know that it influences hormonal status you don't want to push uh fats too low so the second group had a 40 303 split so it was 40 gram of carbohydrates 30 grams of protein 30 gram or 30% fats these are all percentages yeah 40 30 40% now right we didn't talk so much about the distribution but what is really important to understand is they were isocaloric so they both had the same calories the difference was the percentage of where the calories came from and how they were given um and there was actually four different arms to this so there was individuals that exercised and individuals that didn't okay so either zone diet or let's call it I hate to say this but more standard American diet that's how it was designed standard American versus zone diet so it was designed that way and then exercising or non- exercising for for each of the for this 12 month study um and by the way I had to to pack a bunch of meals it was not pretty and I had to do urine analysis it was terrible um but anyway this besides the point so the first group had um a protein distribution of 10 G in the morning 15 at lunch and 45 at dinner kind of standard American diet steak for dinner yeah some cereal for breakfast with a little bit of milk and then for lunch like a sandwich exactly and so this mirrors what people do the other group had 45 grams of protein at that first meal six five six eggs five six eggs um 35 grams of protein at lunch and 35 g of protein chicken breast and a salad at lunch with a little piece of toast and then at dinner how much um it was it was 35 G all right piece of fish and some rice and a vegetable but it was an even distribution so what you're seeing here is now these meals are meeting a loosing threshold of muscle protein synthesis now it's 10 this is collectively 130 individuals and they were they were older um I think that they were all in their 40s or Beyond if we just compare first the groups that did not exercise to different diets what what did they see what did you see you participated in the yeah un yes I did and said un unforunately no I I won't um but what was so interesting is that those individuals everybody lost weight so the average weight loss um gosh I wish I had better handwriting but I'm a doctor and so it's pretty bad um the average weight loss was 24% greater in the high protein group so they lost 24% and you said it was isocaloric between the two groups was it subc caloric overall I mean people were that's a very smart yes it was 500 calories less than what they needed to maintain body weight correct okay got it so 24% more weight loss total total in the group that distributed their protein evenly in and followed the so- called Zone Diet 40 3030 and they lost more fat than the high carbohydrate group so the high protein group lost uh a total of 16 pounds versus the calorie controlled group lost 11 pounds of fat of fat which is great everyone's at home thinking this is wonderful isocoric isocoric but the the thing here is the lean body mass change so again this was done using dexa and we know dexa only looks at lean body mass you mentioned dexa earlier just very briefly is dexa how does dexa work not not not at a mechanistic level what what does it look like I go into the clinic am I floating in water am I holding I'm holding the the paddles because you're Andre hubin no no no but um you hold the paddles and it um and you're standing on something it's what's it so a dexa you just lay on depending on the machine you can just lay on this machine and it's a a dual X-ray and it it um measures bone fat and then lean body mass okay that's sufficient for this conversation great so the lean body mass um lost and again this is everything other than bone and body fat so that was 34% in which group uh in the standard American diet group okay versus 26% in the high protein group now where it gets fascinating so what the big takeaway is is understanding that protein had a sparing effect protein protected muscle more body fat loss at the same caloric amounts yes same amount of deficit relative to body weight right in this group exercise was not introduced so this was purely the food guide pyramid um changing protein in the morning versus having it at um two small meals and then having it at dinner and did they emphasize what we're calling high quality protein they did okay that is also very important meat fish eggs chicken Etc yes they did so then this led to another study so then the second study was a 2 by two design and this is oh sorry sorry to interrupt in that previous study what was the effect of exercise between so we didn't they didn't do exercise sorry that was my fault we they did not do exercise they were just doing whatever that it was that they were doing um but what was so important to understand was that this set the stage for this idea that protein had a sparing effect and then following that the other studies so then there was a series of a few other studies um the second study looked at diet and exercise so this combined effect so this was one of the first studies and this was 48 women with a BMI ey of 33 46 years old so this is your post Perry postmenopausal woman who um was either in one of four treatment groups a low protein group low protein with exercise high protein high protein with exercise the low protein group was defined as the RDA point8 grams the high protein group was defined as 1.6 gram kg so starting to approach that one gram per pound G yeah so starting to get there but not quite there yeah so this was um a 16 weeks study and what they found overall was that the high protein group lost 18% more body fat and 25% less lean mass overall and 12% more total body weight and so now we start moving into this synergistic effect of dietary protein and resistance training and was the type of exercise that they performed there resistance training this is the good news it didn't take much it was 5 days a week of walking 30 minutes and two days a week of resistance a training with just body weight it was like yoga activity so air squats down dogs some Warrior poses maybe some handstand attempts so yeah are you doing handstands no been to some yoga class is where I look to the sides of me and people are doing some pretty difficult things lanches and things like that definitely not me do not invite me life is better this way I'm not going to those classes but 16 weeks they did a high protein with protein and exercise those individuals so now so the the study the the group that I just mentioned this was dietary intervention alone with exercise High Protein Plus exercise exercise very simple exercise so if someone is listening to this and they're thinking what can I do to make very practical changes to massively impact my life outside of hormone replacement outside of any Super Supplement outside of anything diet in exercise has a dramatic effect those individuals that were doing 1.6 grams per kg which is 7 gram per pound of body weight plus exercise lost 46% more body weight that's substantial 60% more fat and 40% less fat-free Mass from organs you know muscle whatever that is you know compared to the low protein group plus exercise and was it sub caloric were they below below Maintenance Weight it was so they're eating to ideal body weight um but still 500 calories or so below their current caloric needs to maintain body weight [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubermanLabClips [24 likes]: This clip is from the Huberman Lab episode "How to Exercise & Eat for Optimal Health & Longevity | Dr. Gabrielle Lyon." The full episode can be found on YouTube here: https://youtu.be/WFcYF_pxLgA
  2. @spsnyder2 [7 likes]: Huberman, the best podcasts, from a listener's perspective, is when the listener gets to hear everything the guest has to say without constant interruption or "participation" from the host.
  3. @mat..n.7061 [1 likes]: The fact that our civilization is thousands years old and we still argue how much we have to eat, what to eat, when to eat, how much water do we have to drink, when, etc etc, is crraaaaazzzyyyyy....
Eat real food, drink water, sleep, and move... end of the non-sense.
  4. @salvadorpuente8716: she looks like the woman that does my hair removal at the "aesthetics clinic." Look at the thumbnail pic... did she get 2 buccal fat removal surgeries?
  5. @siblue37: Wow she agreed with more protein that’s a surprise she only talks about protein 24hrs a day ..😳😂
  6. @yourbore: Anyone else get creepy vibes from this ladies eyes?
  7. @ad-ross: She has done a great job in this space.  Even against the longevity "experts"
  8. @creativesource3514: What about mTor and longevity???
  9. @tred9513: So I need to eat, 200g of protein a day, if I consume these via whole foods, include for some carbs, healthy fats, micro nutrients etc, I est I'll be consuming 3000 Kcal/day, even with my workout routine I'm going to be gaining weight?? Still looking into good sources of natural protein with low calorie content (I want to eat chicken breast 3 times a week...)
  10. @aronlane4664: This isn't going to age well
  11. @masseradumas: This episode should have involved the people who conducted the studies themselves. I lost trust the moment I saw the way she clarified the question at 9:20-9:31, “ they were just doing whatever they were doing…”
  12. @kansiiimebrian5254: How much protein???
Every scientist has a different answer.
I dnt know why
  13. @jenniferwinston7842: What about kidney stress and dehydration. High protein can be detrimental for people with POTS
  14. @wendygagne3240: The number of times this poor woman cannot get a full sentence out without huberman interrupting has been the most frustrating talk to listen to🎉😂😂
  15. @cjfash5165: It's so disheartening to see two well-educated individuals talking about 'LOOSING WEIGHT' in a study as a good thing. Damn...
  16. @cathyvdm7616: I need help please? As a 50-year-old female weighing 55kg, my objective is to build muscle without gaining or losing weight. Could you advise on the optimal daily protein intake for this goal?
  17. @Starchaser63: Exceptional circumstances require higher protein ( intensive exercise,  pregnancy,  elderly  , suffering with Sarcopenia etc )  otherwise the level of protein  / amino acids  have to be " Adequate "   ❤
  18. @765lbsquat: I workout hard, so my body needs 250-300 g of protein a day just to maintain. If I want to get bigger muscles I need to eat 350-400g a day. Almost everyone doesn’t eat enough protein
  19. @MuhammadAbuBakar-wd8hx: I am 40 kg and want to gain weight up to 70 kg , do I need to take up to 154  gram of protein?
  20. @quinnbodyandperformance3162: There is only 3 macros we can put in our mouths. Only 3 and.high car and fat...well we all know  how that goes. Just try this that Ms. Lyon professes for say 10 to 14 days. Try it. You decide. Cannot believe we are still in the fear of pritein phase.

- Women Over 40: "This One Trick" Can Boost Protein Intake!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys how much protein does a woman over 40 over 50 need to stimulate muscle growth to change your body composition to lose body fat build muscle um guess what you need a gram of protein per pound of ideal body weight my name is Aaron postal and for over I don't know 12 years I've been helping women transform their bodies and their physiques and personally got into the best shape of my life in my 40s and now that I'm 51 and I'm in perimenopause I have maintained a ton of lean muscle and I want to show you how to do the same thing all right so if your ideal body weight is 140 pounds you need 140 grams of protein if it's 150 pounds you need 150 grams of protein how are you going to get that all in in one day that is the biggest challenge for most women and here's my secret weapon by the way if you like what you see if you're interested in any of these products I'm talking about click down below you can get 25 off I have coupons down there I have a code and you can order this anytime through the video so just click down below so here's how you get 50 grams because before I get into showing you what it is though um you have to know that a your first meal of the day first meal of the day your breakfast and your last meal of the day are the two most important meals of the day for getting that bolus amount that amount of protein that you require for pro muscle protein synthesis to build that lean muscle you need the right amino acids you need the right serving of protein to stimulate that muscle growth 50 grams at breakfast that sounds like a crazy amount but guys test drive it for six weeks and see for yourself when I have my 50 gram breakfast I am on fire all day I can just literally feel my body just humming along all right so here's how I get it I use two products I know a lot of you guys make a morning Shake here's how you make a shake with 50 grams of protein all right first of all I use my Isagenix Tri release this is the bomb Donkey Kong this stuff is freaking amazing it has three types of protein in there there's egg there's whey and there's milk protein and there's a cool little ingredient there called velostol Melissa tall that helps with the slow release of this protein these amino acids are incredible so you will build that lean muscle that you're looking for this is vanilla Custard flavor which I love it's not too sweet it's low carb so you do a scoop of this which is 25 grams and then you do a scoop of Earth a saline Shake which has 25 grams of protein so you put these two together and you've got 50 grams now in this shake guys this is a full meal replacement so you're gonna get your undenatured whey protein no artificial sweeteners no chemicals no soy it's loaded with nutrients and trace minerals ionic trace minerals which brushes your food cravings really good for your mental health um there's fiber in here there's prebiotics so it's going to help you digest it um so one two punch a scoop of this this is my favorite flavor by the way it's called birthday cake so you can do a scoop of this with the vanilla custard it's super good if you're more of a chocolate person don't forget you can get it down below you can do the milk chocolate of this and a chocolate mint or a chocolate chocolate double double whatever you like so a scoop of our isoline you're going to get all your vitamins all your minerals your fiber your prebiotics uh 25 grams of undenaturated whey protein and you're going to get 25 grams with this so you put these together guys and now your body is going to build lean muscle we did a study of post-menopausal women which is the hardest population to lose weight and build muscle and even without resistance training these women built lean muscle and even after a year continued to change your body composition by just increasing their Protein that's even without resistance training of course if you want to amp it up guys and by the way that study was just with our 25 gram shake it wasn't even with the 50 grams so if you want to accelerate your your um muscle building then add in resistance training at least three days a week of heavy lifting low numbers you don't need to be grinding out 12 to 15 reps we're talking five six seven eight reps you know and compound movements hit the weights hit 50 grams for your breakfast hit about 50 for your supper and then through the day your snacks should be high protein boiled eggs you know healthy a jerky um tuna Greek yogurt all those things that are high protein you're gonna have to change your diet as you age I'm sorry it's just the way it is if you haven't hit it you're gonna see soon that your muscle mass is going to just tank as you age and you don't need to be one of those elderly people with a zero lean muscle you can maintain pain and even grow lean muscle as you age but you need the right protein you need the right amino acids you need the right portions amount to stimulate muscle growth and you need to hit the wakes so guys grab your shakes below give it a go the try release one scoop and two scoops of this now you've got like a killer combo right here also if you're just someone who wants to do like you can also do a scoop of this before you go to bed it's an old bodybuilding trick um take a scoop while you sleep because that's what happens when you sleep you build lean muscle your skin repairs your body repairs so this is a game changer if your kids are into weight training or you're not your kids that sounds weird your teenagers your partner yourself this is the great post recovery drink as well so guys Check It Out Below get 25 off send me a message let me know do a test drive give it six weeks throw down 150 140 grams of protein per day as a woman over 40 and see what you got going on because I think you're going to be really really impressed and then you can show me off your biceps and wear those beautiful tank tops in the summer with your shoulders and your biceps you're going to feel amazing so check it out and great to hear from you and my name is Aaron and subscribe to my channel if you want to learn more about health and wellness for women over 40. bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ErinPostle: What is your favourite protein source? Mine is Organic Whey Protein! Full of leucine, the master muscle builder!

- what I EAT in a busy week in NYC | high protein & balanced recipes: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] good morning it is 9:00 a.m. and I went to so late last night because I was finishing up a video but the video is done we have a lot of work to do today we are here because I filming a what I eat in a week video show you guys some recent recipes that I've been eating a lot of that I've been enjoying especially that it's the end of summer we have some really good produce right now so let's make some breakfast and move on with the day and hopefully we'll come up with some fun things to eat to inspire you to enjoy the last few summer weeks recently I've been kind of uninspired with breakfast so my most frequented meal in the last few weeks has been a mix of scrambled eggs with different ingredients so today we've got a combination of chopped up chives and some feta cheese I also fried up some turkey bacon on the side and for the eggs it's really easy to mix in anything pretty much you put the scrambled eggs in the pan and then I topped it up with the chopped chives and then once the eggs were almost done I added the feta cheese and I turned off the heat and just kind of mix it all in together so the feta cheese melts a little bit and incorporates into the eggs well then we plated everything I toasted some bread I've been really into the sedy toast from Trader Joe's topped it up with some cream cheese and tomatoes because this is just the ultimate toast combination in my opinion always salt your tomatoes and that was pretty much breakfast usually for breakfast you'll see in this video I have a rotation of different meals that I make and it's usually something that has to do with scrambled eggs and something on the side or I do a yogurt bowl with some fruit and some my favorite granola that I make myself or I do a protein pancake so you'll probably see some of those in the video coming up and sometimes I'm left feeling a little craving for something sweet and this time I made another cream cheese toast with that CD bread but topped it up with some peaches and a little drizzle of honey and it was so good and fresh and really hit the spot for um a little something sweet after breakfast but my video is live my thumbnail turned out way better than I expected somehow I always figure it out but um I am going to head outside real quick I need to get a few things from Sephora because I just kind of like ran out of skin care so going to go to Sephora I also got to pick up some packages on the way we're going to either make lunch or get lunch we still have so much to do and it is what time is it like 1:00 p.m. anyways but let's head out move along with the date hello again it's time to make lunch and I've been wanting to make this carrot salad recipe it is a Raw carrot salad that I've seen all over my Instagram and everybody's reaction is to make me want to try it so we're going to try it today I got some carrots specifically for this we're starting off with some chicken thighs that I seasoned with my usual Trader Joe's onion salt that I use on most of my proteins a little extra salt cuz I don't find it salty enough and some black pepper and I cooked the chicken thighs in a pan nothing crazy nothing special but the star of the show is this carrot salad so I started off by first washing the carrots and then also peeling the outer layer before I actually started making ribbons out of the carrots and I just use the same peeler and I found that it really helps putting it on some type of surface to help you support the carrot I also chopped up some green onion to go into the salad later I did a combination of different sauces I followed one of the recipes I found online all the ingredients and measurements and everything will be listed Down Below in a description for you guys but this came together quite quickly I would say the most timeconsuming part was ribboning the carrots especially cuz I did quite a lot of them and then you mix in everything you add a good amount of sesame seeds if you like I like a lot of them and I always toss a salad with my hands because I feel like it gets the salad dressed the best way possible and then we plated everything but here we are first taste no it is really good it's very refreshing pretty easy to make a little bit time time consuming in terms of like slicing the carrots it's actually really good hello everyone I just am having a snack right now this is a yellow kiwi I've never had a yellow kiwi until yesterday for the first time and you know I'm a person that eats pretty much everything there are very few things that I do not like but keywe were one of those things that I just was like I'm not really like I don't really get it it's like not really that good and it kind of like hurts my mouth a little bit and uh I don't know and then I went to Trader Joe's the other day I saw these kiwis and now I like Q's like what is that especially the yellow one I don't know how different the yellow one is I think this is like sweeter than the green one yeah the green one is like more sour more sour but I'm a kiwi gal now all in one bite M it's so like refreshing so good like to drinking water M so good reporting live from the lower e side we also I mean I look like my face is wet because it is 90° at 8:00 p.m. I don't know what's going on but we're on the lower e side we are waiting it's actually 86 oh it's oh excuse Mo it is 86 and we're waiting for some burritos at this new place called sael North on the Lower East Side I saw it on my Instagram a few days ago and it looked amazing but unfortunately they're sold out of the carne aada so we got a chicken one and a shrimp one so we shall see but they look incredible they look like the the tortilla looks crazy so okay the burrito's here I'm trying to not be like hella cringe right now anyways cheers this is the shrimp it's so fresh has yet to try his it's got a nice spice it's good as I was just explaining earlier this breakfast we are having protein pancakes but I decided to make them more kind of like a Swedish pancake where they're a little bit flapper and bigger and thinner and we're going to serve them with some cherry compost Cherry sauce so I got the cherries in a pan with a little bit of sugar and they're just cooking and reducing and getting nice and soft and then for the protein pancakes I used the buttermilk protein pancake mix from Trader Joe's and I just added more liquid to make them thinner and I also put together a little yogurt maple syrup and lemon zest mix it all together and layered each pancake one on top of the other we did pancake yogurt on top a little bit of that cherry compost then another pancake yogurt and so on this was made on a whim I've never had this recipe before and it was crazy Goode M oh my God I honestly didn't expect it to be this good the biggest thing here is the lemon zest and the yogurt M I just got ready I finished refiling what I needed to refilm from yesterday I'm going to a coffee shop one of my favorite coffee shops to work at in Brooklyn and I'm meeting my friend Carolina they have one of my favorite lunch salads of all time I have to edit what I filmed earlier and I also need to get started on editing my friend Brenda's wedding video that I filmed for them but yeah let's head out as I mentioned this is probably one of my favorite salads and bowls for lunch and unfortunately it is their summer grain Bowl so it is limited edition and it's probably going to get off the menu soon so I decided that I'm going to recreate it for you guys and for myself so that I can make it again I sliced up a few little Tomatoes I also had these garlic black pepper almonds so I gave those a rough chop as well since they have almonds in their recipe I cooked up some farro which is really easy it takes 10 minutes and added in some pesto and mix it into the Faro which is pretty much how I assume that they make theirs I would probably wait to cool off the Faro mine was still hot and then we plated everything I took some crispy greens and added this vinegret that I had made in my fridge added the pesto Faro added some of those tomatoes and then they also have marinated watermelon in the recipe I don't know what it's marinated in so I just added plain old cubed watermelon that I cut up a few days ago topped the green salad with some feta I made some random chicken that I seasoned very simply and just tore it up into little pieces added the almonds and that's pretty much the recipe and let me tell you it turned out pretty close to the original and I will definitely be repeating this recipe hi friends update it is now 8:00 p.m. you got to tell me when I'm going to be on camera it's all about being candid okay Yoni is going to the store because we need a cheddar I am uh I've been working all all day literally just now I put my computer away excuse me we've been working we've been working but I am about to make what has been one of our savior SL repeat meals because it's so good it's so satisfying it's so filling and nourishing and everything and it's not even groundbreaking it is steak taco bowls or burrito bowls or whatever you want to call them but it's basically steak with fajita vegetables rice I'm going to make a Pico Deo avocado cheddar sour cream just the works everything in a big bowl and you just go to town so that's exactly what I needan right now and that's what we're going to make this is nothing crazy a pretty straightforward recipe that I have been constantly making for Yoni and I on evenings where we just want to eat good and want a meal to come together quickly so I am slicing up some some bell peppers I usually like to have a mix of colors but I only had orange also sliced up some onion and then I actually bought specifically some grass-fed beef that was already sliced and sprinkled some taco seasoning on top and I like to do this before putting it in the pan I tried both methods and I feel like this one gets the beef better flavor and better charring and then I cooked everything in separate pans so it Cooks a little bit faster and while those were on the stove I started making my Pico Deo which was just some roughly chopped Red Onion also roughly chopped tomatoes and some cilantro I Like My Salsa or payo very chunky especially for this recipe and don't forget very important you have to use lime juice not lemon a little bit of salt and olive oil then I combined the beef and the vegetables together so the vegetables also get that flavor and plated my bowl I did a little bit of white rice at the bottom put on that steak and the vegetables added some black beans straight out of the can some cheddar cheese I add a lot of the Pico Deo also added some avocado and some sour cream it's so good and it's perfect for meal prepping as well my little bowl I load this baby up good been eating these like on repeat it's been a core meal for us M good morning another gloomy day today calls for a cozy breakfast okay that is Savory a palenta breakfast bowl I've made palenta bowls many many times before in these videos but this was a new combination we are boiling two eggs soft boil 7 minutes we also are frying up some turkey bacon and we're making the palenta I make the palenta a single serving in the microwave because it's just way easier a cup of water to 1/4 cup of palenta and you mix it in and you cook it for about 5 minutes and then you take it out and mix it then you put it back in if it needs more time I like to mix some cheddar cheese or some type of cheese in my palenta and it kind of makes it a little bit of a grits Vibe then I basically play everything this comes together so quickly especially because the eggs and the turkey bacon are cooking on their own and then you make the penta everything comes together so fast I chopped up the turkey bacon into little bits so it's easier to eat in the bowl I also added some feta and some chopped chives always remember to put salt and pepper on top of your boiled eggs it's all the difference and then on a whim I decided to add some of this Trader Joe's hot honey sauce and it was a game Cher guys this is one of the best ones I've ever made it's so simple it's so good and The Game Changer this Chada Joe's spicy honey sauce wow I randomly decided to put this on and I was a little bit skeptical that it might not be good but it is amazing I just got my bag all packed up I'm going to go grab a coffee real quick and go work from the conference room downstairs I have to edit the wedding video have to get that done there's a lot of footage that I got to go through but I'm just not comfortable like doing it in our apartment cuz like we don't have stools yet and it's just not that comfortable to like be on the couch the whole time especially cuz we don't have a table that works we're also going to have to record the podcast at some point today we were going to record it on a Wednesday and today is Friday so we didn't do that it's just we're trying to pre-record uh 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Eight Episodes before we leave for our trip which is in basically a week and a half so for lunch we are making a nissis salad or at least a version of it we're starting off by quickly pick l in some red onion sliced it added it to a jar mated it with a good amount of salt poured in a good amount of vinegar and some hot water and the hot water is a must instead of cold water because it will help break down the onion and pickle it faster then I got some asparagus going in a pan to just Sizzle it and cook it down a little bit and then I made this red wine vinegret again all the measurements and everything are going to be listed in the description for you to follow this vinegret is the first time that I made it and it was so good simple pretty basic stuff that I think everyone has in their fridge anyways and if you make a bigger amount you can have it in the fridge and just use it on different things throughout the week and then I plated everything on a bed of crispy lettuce topped it off with the asparagus some boiled potatoes the red onion and some flaky tuna this tuna is specifically that comes in a jar called tanino I think this is a must because that tuna quality is incredible and then drizzled on top some of that red wine vinegret just made lunch I tried to recreate the salad that I had when we went to Seattle is a kind of like a nissis salad I had a really good one when we went to Seattle so I was craving that little bite of everything m m that's actually really good good morning and happy Saturday we are going to make breakfast I have some leftover rice I have some kimchi I have eggs we are going to make some kimchi fried rice I mean you know is it fried rice or do I just call it fried rice that is to be determined by other people that know how to make proper fried rice but this what I call it because it's like you want to make it with leftover rice you fry it up in a pan so you know that's just this recipe is really simple straightforward and I love it I can't believe I haven't talked about this recipe before cuz I used to make it all the time but you take a good amount of kimchi however much your heart desires and give it a good chop I like mine pretty small and then you just cook it in a pan with a little bit of sesame oil for that extra flavor and you let it basically sweat out the water and get a little bit crispy and get a little bit cooked and then you add your leftover rice cook that in mix it all in and then you're going to add some scrambled eggs and push everything to the side and let the scrambled eggs scramble on their own before you mix it in with the rest of the before you mix it in with the rest of the rice and I also drizzle in a little bit of tamari or soy sauce whatever you prefer you add it in a bowl topped it up with a little bit of green onion and I like to add a good heaping amount of fresh kimchi on top this is a great kimchi recipe to get in all of your probiotics nice and early in the morning I just got ready I am going to to bike over to Manhattan and I think I want to go to laaba I've been meaning to have some time to continue reading my book that I started last week and I just like haven't had the time so I'm going to bike over and I just really want to find a good spot to read for a little bit how are you today I got a coffee I got an iced cappuccino with regular milk and I made my way to Union Square Market because the farmers market is happening today and um I actually want to get a few things for lunch from when we go back home but for now got two things one I've had before and it was surprisingly so good like I got it on a whim because I needed to spend $5 to pay with card in one place and I got this almond partom little cake and I also got this little plum tart that's like such a delicate flavor that's so good that is so good I'm going to try to like recreate this wow that's really good so yon is on his way to meet me here and then we'll go home together um but I wanted to grab some bread some cheese and some tomatoes for lunch because I'm really craving something specific and we're at the farmers market we got to get the good tomatoes we definitely have like tomatoes from two different vendors I got some very beautifully aged cheddar I love a good sharp aged cheddar this is really good kind of creamy not too hard so it's going to be perfect then I got some sourdough look at this beauty we're going to be making my favorite Fried Tomato cheddar toast this is one of my favorite things to make in the summer and it's so easy and I can't believe I haven't made it yet cuz I've just been so busy it was another one of those things on my list but all you have to do is get some good crispy fresh bread it has to be you drizzle some olive oil in a pan and you toast the bread on both sides until it gets nice and toasty and brown then you rub a garlic clove all over the bread to give it that garlicky taste I like a lot on mine but do what works for you and then we crumbled that cheddar put it on top we sliced those beautiful tomatoes I like a thick slice the thicker the better in my opinion added a little bit of salt a little bit of pepper and decided to also add some chopped chives since they were just in my fridge me you have seen prettier toasts because I would not believe you m it's just perfect we just got ready to go have dinner and we were going to cook at home I was going to make a whole recipe a whole but then this happened and we're going to go celebrate I reached 500,000 subscribers today um I don't want to be that person that's like oh my God thank you so much but also like if you're watching this whenever you're watching it I appreciate you if you subscribed if you've watched even one video even clicked on one video didn't even watch it I still appreciate you um um and I mean this is crazy cuz y was just telling me that he somewhere has a screenshot of my profile when I only had 100 subscribers my first video on YouTube was on September 18th 2020 so September of this year coming up I will literally have done this for 4 years which is crazy so I'm just really appreciative and uh we're going to go get some food to eat a little bite and then drink some wine and yeah just have a little moment of gratitude and how do we feel about how do we feel about these summer sandals these ones with socks for for like fall I don't know about it but it's dark so nobody can see it anyways the only thing I want to say is that I'm super proud of you and I will find that picture and I think it's in my phone where you have like 100 subscribers I remember we were watching it oh we were watching it go from 99 to 100 yes it's crazy I'm going to have to find that yeah well well here we are guys here we are guys he for breakfast this morning I was feeling a little bit lazy and I just wanted something simple so I had some cherries going in a pan with a little bit of maple syrup to make that same sauce and then scooped some yogurt into a bowl added the stewed up warmed up cherries on top some days are just simple like this and I don't make anything too complicated or fancy or complex especially because I wanted to get out of the house and go grab a little treat this is my Sunday ritual I just got to Domino Park here in Williamsburg after going to Greenpoint to stop at Radio Bakery and I got a ham and butter baguette it's actually kind of hot right now but it also feels like it's about to rain and I'm pretty sure it's going to rain so I'm not going to be here for too long but this view do you see it that's I love this park so much it's like right by the water and it's so nice and quiet I'm just going to eat my sandwich and um read my book for a little bit if I can find a spot and finally for dinner we are making some Japanese sweet potatoes just puncture the skin with a fork wrap it up in a tin foil and then you put it at 450° for about an hour so I got started on those early and then when they were ready I started making some steak for Yoni and I that's not all for me I seasoned it with some random seasonings cooked it about you know medium medium rare and I started making a little green salad with that same dressing that I had in my fridge I love a crispy green salad makes for the perfect side especially when you have stronger in flavor items like steak and sweet potatoes and I also decided to make a little Bara and tomato plate and then we plated everything I like to mash up my sweet potato a little bit and then add some butter on top and it melts into the potato more and always add salt and pepper to the sweet potato because it's so sweet it needs that balance but then I decided to go crazy and add that hot honey from Trader Joe's right on top and that's pretty much it for this video this meal was a 10 out of 10 always hits the spot let me know if you guys try any of the recipes um excuse my reactions I'm always so extra but I just love food so much I hope you guys enjoyed this video and end up making some of these recipes and I'll see you guys next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliazaita [814 likes]: couldn't be more grateful for 500K of youuuuu 🤭💗 just happy to still be here sharing my life and things I love with you all !!
  2. @User.sm123u4 [4 likes]: 6:21 Oh yes that's the golden kiwifruit and for me its deffently the best one
  3. @WindsHealthyLunch: I really love how simple and realistic your meals are. It’s not extreme or overwhelming, just clean and balanced. This makes it so much easier for someone like me to stay consistent with a healthy diet.    hello
  4. @LimberMccaskill: I stayed longer than I planned to.
  5. @쥬스-u3o: 19:00 As a Korean, this is a really great kimchi fried rice recipe!
  6. @fatmastars4098: 5:37 استغفر الله واتوب اليه
  7. @chesscarromludo: SEND DAD R MURUGAN TO SHANTI HOUSE R KARTI HOUSE PUT HIM IN BAKTHEVECHELLAM ROOM
  8. @ieathellokittybutt: 😍😍😍😊
  9. @slickchick5352: the first minutes of this video inspired me to get up and make some breakfast (which I hate doing) and it turned up pretty good! and I haven’t watched any of your blogs before! how did you do that? thank you!
  10. @iljuzijashaMan: good food
  11. @AudreyRamos-j6k: wow
  12. @milliejayseekings: Golden kiwi are sweeter than the green ones, more flavour . 🥝
  13. @Skdnweeeuuuuu: Jesus loves you girl so so much God bless you 
Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and resurrected to get us back to the relationship with the Father we had from the beginning
  14. @xxjaecloud: I like your recipes, they look yummy
  15. @mzbeyoutiful4691: Congratulations on 500K subscribers 🎉🎉🎉
  16. @firestorm117: 27 seconds for your intro before you start talking. This is why your retention is terrible.
  17. @MatchaCroissant-i5c3s: Just a question why is the color of the tomato like brown??
  18. @Jlynn_06: Just subscribed! Love your vibe 🥰
  19. @cahootsful: Came across your video and just watched for the first time and subscribed. Feeling so inspired to try these recipes and love your content :)
  20. @rami0221: 한국도 놀러와요 ❤

- Health and Wealth Over 40. Meat Patties: Health Eating Diet plans: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome back and today we're going to be making meatballs now meat patties or meatballs is a staple breakfast in this household and I can hear many people think H I couldn't possibly eat protein for breakfast but there are so many advantages to eating protein in the morning and I'm going to run through just a few of them for you okay so why eat protein for breakfast well firstly it wakes you up and keeps you alert um protein provides uh amino acids that help your brain to function at its optimal level um it raises something called osone levels in the brain and the Brain then produces more neurotransmitters which give you energy making you feel awake and very alert which which is what we need first thing in the morning so stop reaching for coffee and go for protein um interestingly enough the first thing that you put into your mouth in the morning actually dictates the food choices for the rest of the day um so if you're partial to something sugary in the day you will start your day on a roller coaster so if you start the morning with cereal and a coffee for instance or a piece of toast with no protein you startu like this and then you crash down and you're looking for that high for the rest of the day so your body is constantly looking for caffeine sources and also sugary treats to keep you going um eating incomplete amino acids such as uh wheat toast and peanut butter for instance cannot give you the same amino acids as protein so it's not an acceptable alternative um if you eat uh the fast released sugars that your cereal um you as I said you're more likely to make the poor food choices not only that you're left feeling unsatisfied and you'll find that you you'll be hungry an hour to 2 hours later after having cereal um with protein stabilizes your your blood sugars naturally keeps you feeling Fuller for longer and in fact one of the first things I do with all my clients is put them on a protein and nut protocol and interestingly enough just by doing this alone you can get great results when it comes to weight loss and also improving lean mass okay so what you're going to need for your ingredients is mint I'm got beef mints here but you can use other mints as you can use like a turkey mint and another thing I love to use is ostrich mints it's very high in protein and very lean in fat but today I'm going to be using beef mints just make sure if you're using a beef mint you want uh grass-fed only freerange grassfed just look for organic products wherever you you can't can as well and then what we have here is onions now onions actually contain uh chromium and onions are um well onions assist with regulating your blood sugar so they're really really good for you and they're also really high in antioxidants so they scavenge those free radicals and then we have garlic here now garlic is also jam-pack full of antioxidants it's fantastic to have in their winter months to try and ward off cold and it's also fantastic for your circulatory system and then we have Mr green chili now if you don't like your meat Pate spicy then you don't have to add the chili you can add your own herbs and seasoning and flavor it will okay so chilies these are full of vitamin A um which is really good for healthy bones teeth uh eyes skin Etc and just two two teaspoon of dried chili uh a day is actually your recommended daily allowance of fiber so if you're struggling add some chilies to your diet and they're also fantastic um for boosting your metabolism as well um so Chili's are brilliant and then we have your classic Himalayan rock salt which we've spoken about before purest salt the planet I have some peppercorns here and also I have organic butter um um now a lot of people are actually scared of butter and they use a lot of the vegetable fat Alternatives now saturated fats uh in moderation are good for you obviously if you ate this whole block of butter then I wouldn't advise this like everything uh in moderation is good for you but a lot of people avoid what I call good fats these days butter being one of them um we didn't have all the diseases we used to have years ago if you think back to what you your grandparents or your great grandparents and parents used to cook with um we didn't have all these uh spreads we had proper food um butter is really high in uh vitamins uh a d e and I think it's a K12 um I personally um I'm a big advocate of butter it tastes better and it actually promotes a good cholesterol in your body body your body needs cholesterol you just don't need a lot of bad cholesterol so cracking on what we're going to do I've got my blender at ready so what we're going to do is we're just going to pop the meat straight into the blender I have washed my hands very very simple and easy to make there's no reason even if you're not an expert in the kitchen why you can't do this so we pop the meat into the blender I'm just going to se separate it so it fits now I've got 500 G here um and I have two eggs um and obviously my eggs are free range organic straight from the local Farm if you're going to got 250 g of mints then you'll only need one egg so the eggs for binding the meat okay so I'm going to pop the egg in okay I'm then going to add my garlic I like a lot of garlic so I'm going to pop that in every everything basically just gets put in the blender it's nice simple easy quick doesn't make a lot of mess and here I've got my one large chopped onion or you'll need two small if you're using the 500 G of mint and then I've got one whole green chili going in and then I'm just going to add a little bit of salt there go my my himay rock so and I'm going to add some organic whole pepper cors I love pepper as well so I'm going to pop the lid on and turn it up and basically we just want to blend everything together okay let's go okay so once your meat and everything's Blended in together we're ready to make your Pates so I've got a nonstick frying pan I'm just going to pop some butter in here so I'm going to work a little bit more in here I'm going to turn on the heat just to melt the butter you don't want it to uh start boiling and once that is uh melting I'm just going to move it around the pan so it's evenly spread I'm actually going to start making my meat patties now this is very messy so for people who don't like getting their hands dirty you might want to get someone else to do it for you okay so in terms of size of your meat Pates I generally roll mine into little balls and then we're going to pop them straight into the pan okay so in it goes number one so back on to the subject of good fats so what do good fats help with so good good fats are important for for regulating your hormones and also for for good IM immune Health in general General well-being um you need good cholesterol in your diet I think people are scared of the word cholesterol but there is such a thing as good cholesterol and but is a promoter of good cholesterol um there's no scientific proof that says that it increases the ldls which are known as bad cholesterol so you don't need to worry about using butter okay so continue rolling your balls pop them into the pan just have to turn this down and make a mess just a little bit I don't want my butter to over cook and then what you want to do is basically the ones that you put in first are obviously going to cook first so you want to make sure that you turn them around when they're brown on top and we just simmer them in the pan until they're cooked all the way through so Brown in the middle as well we don't want them black so keep turning I generally um turn them over every minute so and then I'll take one out and I'll check to make sure that the the middle is done but they cook really quickly so quick and easy like I said so when your Pates are ready what you need to do is get one fresh out of the pan where they're nice and yummy and warm add your nut butter you can go if you haven't already uh tried this recipe then then head to the recipe links and you'll find one to the Almond nut butter and this ladies and gentlemen is the perfect breakfast I hope you enjoy I know I'm going to bye-bye take care

- The 3 Biggest Lies About Weight Loss After 40: Kind: captions Language: en I believe these lies and it almost cost me my life. Today I'm exposing the three biggest myths about weight loss after 40 because they nearly [music] destroyed my health at the age of 52. At 52 years old, I hit my breaking point. I was overweight, exhausted, and battling a mental and physical health crisis. Every night I replayed all the people I thought I had let down. Every failure, every regret, it played in my head like an old movie on repeat. And during the day, I was dragging myself through life. No energy, no motivation, no hope. Doctors told me to eat less and move more. Friends told me I just needed to hit the gym a little harder. and the food industry told me, "Go low fat." I believed those lies for years, but the truth is they almost killed me. The first lie is that weight loss is just about calories in versus calories out. That's what we've been taught for decades. But here's a problem. Not all calories act the same in your body. A 200 calorie donut doesn't do the same thing as a 200 calories of salmon. The doughnut spikes your blood sugar, crashes your energy, and drives cravings. The salmon fuels your muscles, stabilizes your hormones, and help [music] you feel and remain full. Weight loss isn't just math, it's biology. The second lie is that you have to grind in the gym for hours. That used to be my mindset. Two a days working really hard. But here's the truth. When your body is already inflamed, insulin resistant, and exhausted, pushing harder actually makes things worse. What I needed wasn't punishment. What I needed was healing. Walking after meals, lifting weights two to three times a week, moving consistently, not killing myself with marathons and [music] boot camps. It wasn't about working harder, it was about working smarter. If you're finding this helpful, make sure [music] you subscribe, like, and hit the alert bell so you don't miss more tools for real resilience. And the third lie, [music] the lowfat foods are the key to health and weight loss [music] lie. For years, I bought fat-free everything, yogurt, salad dressings, snack pack. But here's the ugly truth. Low-fat foods are usually loaded with sugar and chemicals. They trick your body into thinking you're eating healthy while secretly wrecking your metabolism. When I started eating healthy fats like avocado, olive oil, salmon, grass-fed butter, my hormones balanced, my cravings dropped, and my fat loss accelerated. That wasn't the problem. The lies were. So, what's the truth? I had to stop believing the myths and start listening to my body. That's when I created what I now call the heavyweight reset framework. It's built on three pillars. Real food swaps, trading processed carbs and low-fat junk for whole nutrientrich meals. metabolic healing, stabilizing blood sugar, repairing sleep, and lowering stress, and a sustainable rhythm, fueling my body with protein first, hydration, movement, and recovery. That's how I lost over 120 lbs and rebuilt my life. If you've been stuck believing these myths, you're not alone. Calories in, calories out, extreme workouts, lowfat diets, they've been sold to us for decades. But the truth is, your body needs healing, not punishment. And once you reset your biology, real transformation become possible. And if you're ready to put this into practice, my brand new cookbook, Cooking Heavyweight Style, is now available for order on Amazon. is packed with the exact meals and recipes that help [music] me lose the weight. Reverse insulin resistance and keep my energy high. These are real foods that are high in protein, blood sugar friendly, and designed for busy people who want results without fat [music] diets. And in my next video, I'll share how intermittent fasting helped me accelerate fat loss, improve my sleep, and finally feel in control of my hunger. It's called the truth about intermittent fasting after 40, and you don't want to miss it. Check it out.

- HEALTHY FOOD SWAPS TO LOSE WEIGHT | What I do to stay fit Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en hello YouTube I am so happy you're here in today's video I want to share with you simple swaps food swaps that you can do to save tons of calories increase the taste I swear you will love them and they're super easy and they're going to support in effortless weight loss which is what we do here so if you saw last week's video or if you missed it please go and watch it you're going to love it but I gave a simple tips on how to lose weight without dieting and ex exercise and you guys loved it and I wanted to come in and share even more tips that you can do to support you so if you're new to me and new to my channel I'm Alissa Katherine I'm a holistic nutritionist background and fitness specialize in the food of psychology of food self-sabotaging behaviors and women and reprogramming the subconscious mind let's get into today's videos I have a lot more with my background I'm also highly intuitive which you will see in my videos but let's get into today so all right these are good guys you're going to love them and I also want to share with you and as you saw in other live videos where I was cooking I showed you some things that I do but simple swaps that are going to save you a ton of calories save you fat get you out of having so much processed food and into having real foods not only going to help you release weight without ding it's also going to help you to be more connected to your body I.E more intuitively inclined so let's get into this first and foremost if you you haven't heard it before I love to do this go and get Roma lettuce leaves they are already done they're in a container they're so easy they're portable and they're great for you to put tuna salad bean salad chicken um wraps to use for dipping in place of bread this it gives you that crunch it gives you that water we're getting into warmer Seasons um depending on where you live in the world but having lettuce wraps is a great thing to do and this is also really a great option for those of you that tell me I don't want to have to create completely separate food from me my kids my partner um and when you do taco night and things like that this is a great alternative now another great alternative to wraps and bread and things of that nature are egg life wraps I do not work for any of the companies that I'm about to mention egg life wraps are pure egg wraps they come in different flavors um they're cinnamon I love to put um nut butter on it banana a little bit of Honey um they're great to heat up you can also just do plague egg plague that's me combining the words plain and egg it's like my own my own vernacular here PL uh plain egg whites they've got everything Bago flavor they have a Southwest they have all these different it's called egg life I will um I have them in my Amazon storefront so I'll put that link below other things that I want to tell you that are really really easy um for replacing bread and carbs is a bread called carbonaut if you don't have a problem with coconut this is made with cassava flour it's great it is low in carb and high in protein another option is herob bread this is not quite as clean but it's a great carb alternative that tastes just like bread other great options are cassava flour wraps beefree has a sweet potato wrap that I like um so all of these and it's only 80 calories um and it's literally like sweet potatoes so these are great options that are clean um low in carb higher in protein and better for you and you will save a ton of calories and also here's the deal with bread bread often is laid in with sugar that you don't even realize because it's hidden behind all of this chemical jargon in the ingredient list when it says in reached wheat flour all that that means is they took out the good stuff and they're pumping it with sugar so that you want more of it have you ever noticed you can't have just one wheat fin there is a reason now by the way guys I'm going to stop and pause this video to say if you like me and want more videos like this and you want to stay in touch well what I'm going to say is subscribe comment let me know also those of you that do subscribe you're going to get my wholeness cookbook so let me know why why you are here and what your goal is and is it weight loss what is your goal what do you want to learn why are you on this channel when you put that comment below and you put the word cookbook you're going to get a copy of my holess cookbook for free for you in the comments below but you have to subscribe and you have to comment I'm bribing you all right let's get back to today's video so next up for simple ways to release calories release fat and lose weight without dieting this simple swap is watch your milks when you go and get all these coffee drinks they are using Barista Blends Barista Blends have three times the amount of fat and sugar and calories than your own milk ask ask them what is in it when you go and get your matcha say does doeses my does your matcha mix have sugar in it if you're getting it at Starbucks Dunkin Donuts most coffee places unless it is more of a clean Boutique type coffee shop they will tell you that they have sugar in their matcha and they're using Barista blend milks that's why it tastes oh so yummy it's also the calorie equivalent of a meal a small meal or a um or even a snack essentially so really think about it when you go in and you drink one of these you know Starbucks you know a Macha latte that's the equivalent of the workout that you did that morning which one do you want to benefit from more right I'm just I just like let's put things in perspective here watch your milks um go for Almond Breeze silk if you can I know a lot of the higher end ones that even more expensive but whatever your Dairy of choice just watch what you're putting into your body and how much you're using why I'm going to say this about Dairy and I'm not trying to push dairy free on anybody but I do want to educate you there were 43 unidentified hormones found in Dairy in the United States alone last year if we look at that combined with the increase in autoimmune disease um infertility and the increase in women's erratic hormones um and all of the different things that are happening in terms of hormone disruption I'm not talking about just those in per menopause or menopause I'm talking about this is happening from our food pay attention to where you're getting your Dairy from make sure it's organic make sure it's grass-fed make sure you really know the source right okay um so again also look at your Dairy with yogurt I find that many will have yogurt and they look at it and it's chabani and it's Greek yogurt but it's got a lot of sugar and there's all these additives in there we want to go for plain Greek yogurt we want to sweeten it ourselves right then you know what you're putting into it my favorite sweeteners are that of monk fruit or of stevia Stevia comes straight from a plant my favorite is Sweet Leaf it is pure it does not have alcohol in it or any other additives um I also like monk fruit because monk fruit is a superfood if you are using honey just make sure you're using a smaller amount my favorite honey to use um is uh oh my gosh why am I blanking my favorite honey is what is my favorite honey Manuka honey that's my favorite honey and why because I like to eat for the biggest bang for your buck I want the highest nutritional profiling and Manuka Honey is higher in antioxidants and healing properties it's great I love it if you're feeling down you can put a little teaspoon a little lemon in your water sip it trust me it's not only going to coat the lay necks but boost your vitamins especially your B6 or B12 and support in raising your adrenals um and boosting that immunity and by raising your adrenals what I mean is helping with your immunity okay the other thing that I want to tell you a simple thing to do to really reduce your caloric intake or know what you're putting into your body and understand what's going on for you is measure everything at least for 7 days I'm not looking to trigger dieting and all of that but you really want to educate yourself on how what you're putting into your body and how much I find many women don't realize that they're using like a/4 cup of oil when they're cooking um that they're using basically like a half of an avocado on their avocado toast as women we do not need as much fat we have double the amount of fat cells as men um and so that is why men can really really do great on a ketogenic diet um and women some can do well um it depends on your Constitution I don't I'm generalizing and but women often don't need as much fat in their diet they don't remember guys our stomach's only the size of a fist it can expand the width of eight baseballs okay but it's the size of a fist we don't need that much food when food is fuel you need you want to get the biggest bank for your buck for nut ntional profiling to age backwards have endless energy right have clear focus and feel and look your best radiant skin slim waist all all those things right um and you really want to be in a space of knowing what you're putting into your body and understanding that you need fuel from point A to point B we don't need to eat it all at one time um if you are feeling tired after eating then you're eating too much or you ate something that didn't agree with you just a simple thing your body's trying to talk to you all right um I gave you the carb-free bread options um that I like here's the other thing that I want to tell you when you go out to eat or anytime you get food out even if you're cooking it at home put sauces on the side put your dressing on the side opt for olive oil and balsamic vinegar and put on an amount that works for you when they are doing it in the back they are using a large amount of salad dressing that can take something that's healthy and make it unhealthy very very quickly so these are simple things for you to know to do when you order vegetables ask for are they roasted or are they s sauteed they most likely will tell you that they are flash fried more times than not vegetables are flash fried in pork belly fat why because it makes them taste better this is why many will say I hate vegetables but when I go out to eat I love my Brussel routs I love broccoli I love this why because they're being cooked in pork belly fat so if you ever go to a restaurant especially a steak restaurant and you tell them that you're vegan they will say well I wouldn't you know we shouldn't do those vegetables or there's this one or you'll see that it doesn't have the symbol there that is the reason they're often cooking it on a skillet where meat was because it gives it higher it gives it more flavor especially if it's being added with other spices um I talked about watching your coffee drinks also look at flavored water and other drinks that you get when you get juice um these are things that are filled with sugar and many times chemicals and even one that I'm going to throw out there is your green juice you do not need when you go and get a pressed juice really for you to get the most you want to just say I only need a quarter of an apple you do not need three cord apples right um in your green juice in the morning that is an apple has 36 to 38 grams of sugar your body can only burn through 46 on its own that isn't burned off for energy which means the rest is stored as fat I don't care if it comes from an Apple but we don't recognize it when we're drinking it in a juice so look at your green juices look at the numbers look at the amount of sugar look at what's in it and ask yourself is is this what I want for my body or what would be a better alternative right and always know that you can order a green drink and say hey I only want a half of an apple or a quarter of an apple um and and do it that way to make it healthier notice the same thing with your smoothies when you order them out when they have four different forms of fat in it nut butter chocolate banana um avocado cacao nibs these are many well the banana is not a source of fat that's fruit but these are all have are fats and sugar so you really want to look at what is the amount of fat What's the calories just because they're saying it's a smoothie does not mean it's healthy just because you bought it at Whole Foods does not mean it's good for you just because it's vegan does not mean anything right um I had a friend my birthday was last week she got me carrot cake she's like oh I I love carrot cake right she's like it's a vegan blah blah blah and she brought it over it was it was this big this big I'm not kidding you okay drizzled icing so this is not slathered in icing I looked at it 32 gam of fat 32 grams of fat that's that's your fat for a day okay um in in and this is me having it it was the essentially the equivalent of a slice right um 32 grams of fat in 720 calories in a vegan Organic Cafe now this is why I'm telling you you want to look at numbers you want to understand that just because something's organic or vegan um or in a healthy restaurant does not mean that it's going to support in your goal of releasing weight the more you educate yourself the more you're knowledgeable of what you put into the body the better it will be for you always look at your portions and ask yourself can I do I need all of this could I cut my portion in half right now eat this give myself 20 minutes to digest come back to it and see if I still want it could I give half to my partner um could I ask them to only bring me half in a restaurant and wrap up the rest to go I often do that um I will do it and I'll ask for a container if they don't wrap it up I'll say or you can just bring me a container and I'll put half my sandwich in there half a wrap and if I want it an hour later even when I'm still sitting there then I have it but often out of sight out of mind and then you're able to connect and really understand how much does my body really need because more times than not we eat what's in front of us okay um I thought I heard something all right next up mustard in place of mayo is great avocado in place of mayo and butter is a great option as well and a lot better for you so is ghee which is clarified butter but I would still say use avocado in place I use avocado with my tuna salad egg salad I use I put together and you guys have watched my other videos where I do a tuna salad with mustard the other thing that I'm going to tell you that's just going to be a simple hack to release weight without doing anything is up your lean protein intake this is egg whites this is lean chicken these are your white fish um any of these things protein powders that's going to support you in releasing weight effortlessly next you're going to eat your protein first before you go to anything else focus on protein focus on Plants then have the rest of the meal and assess how hungry you are I also love to use protein powders to create desserts that's a beautiful thing um and especially if you have a sweet tooth last but not least I love to use pumpkin pade plain pumpkin is fantastic to use you can create it can taste like a a inside of a pumpkin pie and you do a little cinnamon stevia add almond milk um protein powder a vanilla protein powder even a half a cup or a full cup I will whisk this together and I either freeze it or I have it and it's like protein pudding it's a simple thing that you can do but it's so good and tasty and these are ways to support you in more fiber feeling Fuller longer and release in weight effortlessly without really doing much I hope you enjoyed all of these tips I want to hear from you what tips did you like from today's video and do you have any more for me or for our community let's come together and share and look better and feel better than ever together that's why we're here right and if you like me and you like these videos I would love for you to subscribe and if you want to learn from me I have an entire program that's on sale for my birthday my love your body lose the weight program is 83% off this program used to be run live it is 83% off it's the program I was guided to do to heal my relationship with food to release weight effortlessly and it will work for you it is a weight loss solution um what I teach you have never heard anywhere else I promise you that it's I've been hearing it for over a decade I've been had this program for 17 years now and it is sought after it's intern nationally recognized and um it's incredible I put a link below and I would love to see you there thanks so much for your time for your energy and for being here all my love and I'll see you in the next video bye next week I'll be sharing my top tips for supplements to help you release weight burn fat and boost your metabolism at any age but especially over the age of 40 so stay tuned and look for that notification all my love

  Top Comments:
  1. @carolynh8354 [1 likes]: Cookbook
  2. @melissabgoodwin [1 likes]: I am close with Melissa in real life and just here to say: she is the ultimate example of walking her talk! She eats so clean and healthy no matter where she is, holds so much belief in the power of our bodies, and really believes in what she teaches us! ❤
  3. @melissaroofener4194 [1 likes]: I just stumbled onto your channel today. I am over 40 and tired of dieting. I love what you are talking about and would love a cookbook
  4. @ioanap8277 [1 likes]: Hi love your channel and what you teach. Would love your cookbook.😊❤
  5. @conniepickering241 [1 likes]: I recently discovered your channel and love it ! I’m on a weigh loss journey and would love a cookbook.
  6. @wendymeni7034: Would love your cookbook❤
  7. @KrisASims: Cookbook
  8. @charmaineshelton920: To learn to eat more whole foods. I would love your cookbook!
  9. @lisaglowatski2192: Would love your cookbook! Thank you for the great information!
  10. @cherylsvehla1283: I am looking to release fat that has taken up residence in my midsection since I’ve entered perimenopause. Would love some new meal ideas from your cookbook.
  11. @craigandtammiesimpson162: Love to have your cookbook

- 24 High Protein Foods That You Should Eat Regularly: Kind: captions Language: en Hey there viewers! Proteins are the building blocks of your body that provide energy when needed, help bulk up on the muscle, lose fat and eventually help us stay healthy. They’re a win win! But what makes them unique when compared to the other macronutrients is that the body can’t store them the same way it stores fat and carbohydrates. Meaning it’s essential to eat enough protein every day. The amount depends on the age and weight of an individual. But apart from eating enough of it, it is equally important to eat a variety of it as well. This is because each kind of protein has its own amino acid profile. There are a wide range of foods out there which can help you reach your protein goals. And in today’s video, we will tell you what they are. From tempeh, steak, quinoa, banana to black beans and more, watch till the end to learn about all of them. Eggs: Eggs are an excellent source of protein,&nbsp; particularly egg whites.&nbsp; They are low in cholesterol and high in protein. They are also low in fat, which makes them the perfect food for a healthy and nutritious breakfast. One cup of egg whites contains 26 grams of protein. This will also provide you with energy and essential amino acids. What’s your favourite way to eat eggs? Is it boiled? Scrambled? Or anything else? Tell us quickly down below in the comments section! Tofu: ¼ block of tofu contains 12.8 grams of protein and 117 calories. It is a great alternative to meat and is used in a variety of dishes. Apart from proteins, tofu is also rich in magnesium, iron, and other essential nutrients. Like other soy foods, it reduces heart diseases by lowering bad cholesterol and promoting good cholesterol. Pork Chops: 1 pork chop contains 39 grams of protein. It is an excellent source of zinc as well. This mineral is essential for performing&nbsp; numerous reactions in your&nbsp; body. And the deficiency of zinc can lead to night blindness and a weakened immune system. Canadian bacon, another form of pork, contains 15 grams of protein for every 3 ounces serving. And chorizo, a spicy Spanish pork sausage, has 21 grams of protein for every 3 ounce serving. Tempeh: Made from soybeans that are fermented and pressed into a block, tempeh is high in protein, prebiotics and other nutrients. Because it’s more compact than tofu, it’s higher in protein. A three ounce serving will give you 15 to 16 grams. Tempeh’s firm but chewy texture makes it a superb addition to sandwiches and salads. Or, crumble it to substitute for ground meat in recipes. Greek Yoghurt: Greek yogurt has become such a popular choice because it has twice as much protein as other types of yogurt. 8 ounces of it contains about 23 grams of protein. It's also rich in bone-building calcium and probiotic bacteria, which is great for gut health. Look for plain&nbsp; varieties to keep calories—and&nbsp; your weight—in check. Cottage Cheese: ½ cup serving of this cheese contains about 14 grams of protein. Make cottage cheese your go-to food for a healthy late-night snack. It's also high in casein, a slow-digesting dairy protein. Slow-digesting protein feeds your muscles all night so they don't catabolize, and it keeps you from waking up starving at 3 a.m. Halibut Fish: Among white fish species, halibut reigns supreme when it comes to the protein you need to build muscle. Each 3-ounce serving also has a mere 2 grams of fat and 23 grams of protein, making it an even better catch. Pacific halibut is generally considered a more sustainable choice than Atlantic. Yellowfin Tuna: Tuna delivers a boatload of easily digested, high-quality protein. You'll also benefit from the healthy amount of vitamin B and the potent antioxidant selenium, making it a great nutrition choice. 3 ounces of this fish is loaded with around 25 grams of protein. When possible, look for troll- or pole-caught tuna, which are considered the most sustainable options. Interested yet? Make sure you join our millions of followers, and hit that “subscribe” button for all our great Bestie content! Steak: Leaner cuts of steak provide a fantastic 1 gram of protein for every 7 calories; rib eye, on the other hand, delivers roughly 1 gram of protein for every 11 calories. So you can get around 23 grams of protein from a 3 ounce steak. Plus, round steak is considered one of the more economical cuts. Leaner cuts like round and loin will become drier than the Sahara with overcooking, so cook them quickly over high heat to medium-rare. Peanut Butter: Though not as trendy as other nut butters like almond, peanut butter still leads the way in the protein department. 2 tablespoons have about 8 grams of protein. Make sure to watch labels for sugar, though. Natural versions made from just peanuts are best. Some stores even let you grind your own. If you're working to get your weight in check, look for peanut butter powder, which has less fat but the same protein content. You can even use the powder for baking. Broccoli: Broccoli is a plant-based protein which has eight out of the nine amino acids essential for the body. You can steam or stir fry it–both of which are excellent ways to enjoy this cruciferous vegetable. 100 grams of it contains about 3 grams of protein. It is also rich in fibre that makes you feel full and reduces appetite. Chia Seeds: 1 ounce of chia seeds contains 4.4 grams of protein. They are rich in fiber and omega-3s and offer a host of benefits. The seeds also offer a superb energy boost. They deliver a massive amount of nutrients with few calories. Chia seeds also improve certain blood markers, which can cut the risk of heart disease and type 2 diabetes. Chicken breast: Chicken breast is an ideal muscle-building food. It is cost-effective, easy to cook and is rich in protein. It is also high in selenium, which protects the cells of the body from free radical damage that is usually seen during a workout. About 100 grams of chicken breast gives 32 grams of protein. Quinoa: You can call quinoa a power seed as it is rich in nine essential amino acids, proteins, fibre, magnesium, calcium, vitamin B and E, potassium, iron and much more. It is not only nutritious but also delicious. You can make quinoa salads or quinoa rice and consume it on a daily basis. About 100 grams of cooked quinoa contains five grams Potatoes: The humble spud isn't known for being a health food due to its many unhealthy incarnations. But it's actually a wholesome addition to your diet. Just one russet potato contains 8 grams of protein, more potassium than a banana and is a good source of fiber. Other varieties like red or sweet potatoes don't contain as much protein, but they still can contribute to your daily intake goal. Almonds: Almonds are a popular type of tree nut. They are rich in essential nutrients, including fiber, vitamin E, manganese, and magnesium. 1 ounce of them contains about 6 grams of proteins. Lentils: Lentils are among the world’s best sources of plant-based protein, and they’re an excellent choice for vegetarians and vegans. One cup or 198 grams of boiled lentils contains 18 grams of protein. They are also high in fiber, magnesium, potassium, iron, folate, copper, manganese, and various other nutrients. Pumpkin Seeds: 1 cup of the seeds contains 12 grams of protein. The seeds are also rich in zinc that enhances immunity. This very zinc even improves prostate health and prevents prostate cancer in men. Pumpkin seeds can&nbsp; also improve insulin&nbsp; regulation, thereby preventing diabetes. Apart from supplying your body with proteins, pumpkin seeds also contain a variety of nutrients which can do your body a world of good. Learn more about its benefits by watching this video titled “What Happens To Your Body If You Eat Pumpkin Seeds Daily” Now, back to High Protein Foods That You Should Eat Regularly Cauliflower: 1 large cauliflower head contains 17 grams of protein. Another important nutrient this vegetable is rich in is choline. This nutrient enhances memory and learning, improves sleep, and helps with muscle movement. Choline also aids in the transfer of nerve impulses and assists in fat absorption. Banana: 1 large banana contains 1.5 grams of protein. They are also very good sources of potassium. They relax the walls of the blood vessels and lower blood pressure. The fruit can also be a good food to be taken during diarrhea – as electrolytes like potassium are lost during diarrhea, and banana helps replenish the mineral. Edamame: These lightly boiled or steamed soybeans — often served still in their shell — make a great snack or appetizer. One cup of edamame packs 18 grams of protein. The even better news? Whole soy is a complete protein, which means it provides all the amino acids your body needs but can’t make on its own. Oatmeal: Oatmeal is a whole grain and coarse flour it used to eat in breakfast. 100 grams of oatmeal can provide you 17 grams of protein. About 300 grams of it can fulfill the daily requirement of protein. Black Beans: While white beans are packed with protein at around 16 g per cup, they don't even stand a chance against black beans. Just a single cup of these beauties contain nearly 40 grams of protein. That's more than double the amount of any white bean you'll come across. Spinach: With 1 gram of protein per cup of spinach, it's no wonder Popeye had such big muscles. Aside from the protein, spinach is also high in vitamins A and C, folate, and magnesium. It also contains carotenoids that protect the body against heart disease and certain cancers. While proteins are very important for your body, there are other nutrients like vitamins and minerals which you should be eating regularly as well. Learn more about what these foods are by watching: Mineral Rich Foods That You Should Eat Regularly Or Vitamin C Rich Foods That Are Natural Fat Burners So go ahead and watch one or both of these videos for maximum benefits. What do you prefer to fulfil your protein requirements and why, food or powders? Let us know in the comments section below!

  Top Comments:
  1. @BestieHealth [9 likes]: WATCH 🎥: What Happens To Your Body If You Eat Pumpkin Seeds Daily - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scIiE_fKnb0&list=PL_fl96m7OLQWTg82q3ImUs2xVqdBNsjwL&index=84
  2. @JeromeRobinson-m4r [2 likes]: As a person whose into taking care of his BODY im really finding your vodeo to be very enlightening ( Jerome Robinson )😅😅😅😅
  3. @ErinPartrick [1 likes]: Thanks for all this helpful information.!!! It's so much better for all of us to eat right. It all takes time...but it sure is a better solution than taking a shot in the arm. Because really that is only a Band-Aid approach. You still have to eat right & take care of yourself. No Drugs solve the problem. (They never have- & they never will.) :glasses-purple-yellow-diamond::glasses-purple-yellow-diamond:
  4. @user-Ashok2023 [1 likes]: Quinoa grains contain 14-18g of protein per 100g. They comprise almost all essential amino acids required by the human body, particularly lysine, which is otherwise a limiting amino acid in grains like wheat, maize, and rice. Quinoa is one of the gluten-free staple foods.
                                                                                                              Ashok
  5. @jaydarji22 [1 likes]: I am a gym lover & I am very fond of peanut butter. It gives me protein and also compensates for my energy level. So I always search for peanut butter which fulfills all the essential nutrients but most peanut kinds of butter are loaded with Palm Oil and toxic stuff. But when I taste this Alpino Peanut butter, it is so natural. No preservatives and sweetened added to this. 100% natural taste. And also it's easy to use with some bread and spread over it and eat this and enjoy low-calorie food. It is perfect for gym lovers as well as every person. Because it contains all nutrients. It has a creamy, a bit liquid form yet it is very yummy and tasty.
  6. @alifrench-q7u: So helpful and easy to understand, thanks for upload. because I want to lose weight and tone up without all these jabs and medication around.
  7. @dezeefresh5257: Heard ab smtg clld Natta. I Blv fr d Orient. Japan or Thai I Think. Heard of it. Wnt 2 Know Where 2 gt it
  8. @PatrickBingley-xp6fm: I like em scranbled
  9. @grigor_karagozian6931: Because of your pronunciation unsubscribed
  10. @yohanneshabtomhaile: :hand-pink-waving:
  11. @-EVIL-FRIDAY-THE-13-TH: I eat peanuts every 100-150 g in 5-6 ages
Today my height 6'4 in age 19 😎
And my family average height 5'4-5 😂🤣
  12. @ANDREWLewis-p9j: Were can you buy tofu I have been trying for month's to buy it in the UK 🇬🇧
  13. @norikamiu3734: One food that is honorable mention: scallops! It’s really high on protein and really low on calories and fat! :) not cheap though but it’s also absolutely delicious with just salt and pepper with a little bit of avocado oil
  14. @mollymelena6104: 1 banana has 1.5 g of protein.
1 cup of spinach has 1 g of protein.
I wouldn't consider those a lot.
Imagine how many bananas you'd have to eat to get your daily intake 😂.
  15. @annrochester8021: I love boiled 🥚 eggs, I eat just the whites 🥚👍
  16. @carolynknapschaefer3561: Don’t forget sardines and salmon!  Both high in protein plus other healthy nutrients.
  17. @edsonptembo6671: Like boiled
  18. @merinacsercsics7310: Poached eggs
  19. @dougstrike7011: Boiled or poached, anyway really 👍
  20. @jisellechristine7195: HUMBLE SPUD

- 5 Amazing Vegetarian Protein Foods Better Than Egg: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I am going to share with&nbsp; you 5 Amazing Vegetarian Protein Foods&nbsp;&nbsp; that are better than egg. So without&nbsp; any further delay, let’s get started.&nbsp; Hello Friends! Welcome to Fit Tuber. Protein&nbsp; is most important for increasing muscle mass&nbsp;&nbsp; and muscle repair. When you eat protein, your&nbsp; body’s metabolism shoots up automatically,&nbsp;&nbsp; helping you burn fat. Protein is by far the&nbsp; most filling macronutrient. Eat adequate&nbsp;&nbsp; protein and you will have glowing skin,&nbsp; strong hair and a lower risk of arthritis.&nbsp; Now, when we talk of protein foods, the first&nbsp; thing that comes to our mind is egg. With 6 grams&nbsp;&nbsp; of protein in just 1 egg, it seems promising.&nbsp; However, commercial eggs aren’t as healthy as&nbsp;&nbsp; they should be. You must be wondering why? First,&nbsp; Modern studies have shown that the eggs that are&nbsp;&nbsp; produced by hens living in adverse conditions&nbsp; are significantly low in nutrition. Second,&nbsp;&nbsp; hens are constantly injected with antibiotics&nbsp; to prevent them from getting sick. Eating such&nbsp;&nbsp; eggs have made a large population&nbsp; in India resistant to antibiotics.&nbsp; So let’s talk about 5 Vegetarian protein&nbsp; foods that are better than egg. At&nbsp; #5 is Urad dal Just 1 katori of urad dal will give&nbsp;&nbsp; you 15 grams of protein. And its not just high in&nbsp; protein but is high in 3 vital micronutrients as&nbsp;&nbsp; well. Magnesium, Manganese and Zinc. Magnesium&nbsp; relaxes the muscles. Manganese provides body&nbsp;&nbsp; strength. Zinc helps boost testosterone. No&nbsp; wonder, in Ayurveda, Black urad dal is called&nbsp;&nbsp; Maash, that which helps build muscle. Urad dal is&nbsp; a bit heavy to digest but if you add hing and tej&nbsp;&nbsp; pattar while making it, it gets absorbed easily.&nbsp; Another option is green moong dal which also has&nbsp;&nbsp; 14 grams of protein but what’s better is that it&nbsp; gets readily digested by a kid or an adult. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can have it as a regular dal, sprouts, cheela&nbsp; or halwa. Black urad dal or green moong dal,&nbsp;&nbsp; eat just 1 katori with 2 chapatis, you will&nbsp; get protein more than 3 eggs. While studies&nbsp;&nbsp; show that eating more than 1 egg a day increases&nbsp; the risk of diabetes by 23%. On the contrary,&nbsp;&nbsp; studies suggest that the eating lentils daily&nbsp; reduce the risk of diabetes by 20%. And be it&nbsp;&nbsp; Matki, Kulthi, Rajma or chholle, Indian kitchens&nbsp; have always understood the importance of this&nbsp;&nbsp; fibre rich protein food. At #4 is Bhuna Chana&nbsp; Just 100 grams of bhuna chana has a whopping&nbsp; 22 grams of protein. And because it is roasted,&nbsp;&nbsp; its free from anti nutrients that hinder with&nbsp; the absorption of protein. Even modern studies&nbsp;&nbsp; have recognised that the quality of its protein&nbsp; is superior to other plant proteins. No wonder,&nbsp;&nbsp; Indian wrestlers swear by this superfood. Rather&nbsp; than lays, you can munch on these. Want to spice&nbsp;&nbsp; it up, make a chat out of it. Just make sure of&nbsp; consuming bhuna chana with the skin so that you&nbsp;&nbsp; get maximum fibre. Powdered bhuna chana is called&nbsp; sattu, a famous drink in India known for its easy&nbsp;&nbsp; absorbability of protein. 1 scoop of sattu&nbsp; has 7 grams of protein. Too less? While whey&nbsp;&nbsp; proteins are loaded with artificial sweeteners and&nbsp; flavours, this comes with loads of Iron, calcium,&nbsp;&nbsp; magnesium and folate. Chana sattu can be used as&nbsp; a filling of pranathas, you can roll cheelas from&nbsp;&nbsp; it or simply make its refreshing drink. Low in&nbsp; glycemic index, 100% natural, this is the real&nbsp;&nbsp; protein powder that you should opt for. At #3 is Milk&nbsp; Just one glass of milk will give you 10 grams&nbsp; of quality protein. Plus point is that milk is&nbsp;&nbsp; rich in vitamin D, B12, CLA and omega 3 fatty&nbsp; acids which is also why it is considered a&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetarian alternative to non vegetarian food.&nbsp; A glass of milk with a scoop of chana sattu,&nbsp;&nbsp; sweetened with a banana can be your desi post&nbsp; workout shake. Several studies have demonstrated&nbsp;&nbsp; that drinking milk after a workout can decrease&nbsp; muscle damage, promote muscle repair, increase&nbsp;&nbsp; strength and even decrease muscle soreness. What’s&nbsp; amazing is that milk is highly versatile. Squeeze&nbsp;&nbsp; a lemon in it and you get paneer. 100 grams of&nbsp; paneer has around 20 grams of protein. Make dahi&nbsp;&nbsp; and you get 7 grams of protein in one katori.&nbsp; Overall, ethically sourced milk and milk products&nbsp;&nbsp; are not just rich in protein but are also rich in&nbsp; protein enablers that help you build lean muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; mass and reduce body fat. At #2 is Green Peas&nbsp; Green peas is one of those rare vegetables&nbsp; which is not only high in protein but is also&nbsp;&nbsp; a complete source of protein. Complete protein&nbsp; is the one which has all the 9 essential amino&nbsp;&nbsp; acids. Not surprisingly, it is a prime choice&nbsp; for vegan protein powders. You might be taken&nbsp;&nbsp; aback but scientific studies show that&nbsp; it is at par with whey protein. In 2015,&nbsp;&nbsp; 161 males were enrolled in a study. They were&nbsp; divided into 3 groups, pea protein, whey protein&nbsp;&nbsp; and placebo. The study concluded that the muscle&nbsp; growth in pea protein group was equal to that in&nbsp;&nbsp; whey protein group. 1 cup of green peas will give&nbsp; you 9 grams of quality protein plus an opportunity&nbsp;&nbsp; to reduce your blood sugar level. Combine it&nbsp; with Aloo, gobhi, gajar, or pulao, green peas&nbsp;&nbsp; is flexible enough. Imagine matar paneer. Just 1&nbsp; serving will easily give you 25 grams of protein.&nbsp;&nbsp; According to Ayurveda, Green peas is ideal&nbsp; for lunch due to its gassy nature. Although,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be consumed in dinner as well. Now, we have&nbsp; one more reason to enjoy this tasty vegetable.&nbsp; Finally at #1 is Peanuts Comparing it with almonds,&nbsp;&nbsp; cashews or walnuts peanuts have the highest&nbsp; amount of protein. Just one handful will give&nbsp;&nbsp; you 7 grams of protein. Even though peanuts are&nbsp; a primary source of healthy fats but when peanut&nbsp;&nbsp; powder increased muscle mass and strength and&nbsp; decreased body fat in a study, its protein power&nbsp;&nbsp; was recognised by modern science. You can have&nbsp; them as a snack. Add them to recipes like poha or&nbsp;&nbsp; make a peanut butter from it. Where consumption&nbsp; of non vegetarian protein foods have proven to&nbsp;&nbsp; increase the risk of heart diseases in the long&nbsp; run, studies suggest that eating peanuts regularly&nbsp;&nbsp; lower the risk of heart disease by 13%. But don’t&nbsp; go overboard with peanuts. 15-20 peanuts or 2&nbsp;&nbsp; spoons of peanut butter a day are good enough. You might be curious to know, how much protein do&nbsp;&nbsp; we really need in a day. Talking about Ayurveda,&nbsp; it doesn't look at macronutrients in isolation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Rather its focus is on food digestablity. Since&nbsp; protein is relatively hard to digest, an obsession&nbsp;&nbsp; about high protein can actually harm the body. When it comes to modern studies, there isn't a&nbsp;&nbsp; single answer. However, there is one study that&nbsp; stands out. The china study that went for around&nbsp;&nbsp; 22 years. Depending on how active you are, it&nbsp; recommends that 5-10% of your daily calorie&nbsp;&nbsp; intake should come from protein. And this can&nbsp; easily be met with our regular Indian diet.&nbsp; Let’s say you eat 2 paranthas with curd for&nbsp; breakfast, aloo matar with 3 chapatis for lunch,&nbsp;&nbsp; dal rice for dinner and half a glass of milk&nbsp; at night. This simple diet 1800 calorie diet&nbsp;&nbsp; will supply approximately 43 grams of protein.&nbsp; And it easily meets the requirement. Of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; if your fitness goals demand for more protein&nbsp; you can always depend on these 5 protein gems&nbsp; Just like protein brings skin glow from inside,&nbsp; if you want to revive your skin from the outside,&nbsp;&nbsp; mamaearth’s moisturising lotion for babies is a&nbsp; toxin free option in the Indian market. Turn the&nbsp;&nbsp; bottle and you will find that it has no silicones,&nbsp; edtas, parabens, artificial fragrance or colours.&nbsp;&nbsp; In fact it has been formulated with skin friendly&nbsp; ingredients like shea butter and jojoba oil. Its&nbsp;&nbsp; time we throw the toxic body lotions and switch&nbsp; to better options. Even though, it is a baby&nbsp;&nbsp; product but it can be used by anyone. To buy&nbsp; mamamearth’s moisturising lotion for babies,&nbsp;&nbsp; click on the link down in the description&nbsp; box. Do not forget to apply the special&nbsp;&nbsp; discount coupon to get 21% off on your order. There are 5 foods proven to stop hair fall. To&nbsp;&nbsp; check them out click on this video. My name&nbsp; is Vivek, I thank you so much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FitTuber [836 likes]: Hello Friends! What should be the next video in this series? Please vote. #youropinionmatters
A) 5 Amazing Foods for Kidneys
B) 5 Amazing Foods for Liver
C) 5 Amazing Foods for Diabetes
D) 5 Amazing Foods for Skin
  2. @CommonmanIND21 [1 likes]: 🚨🚨🚨🚨Very misleading. No doubt these foods provide protein, but you have to eat a lot to get enough. This will significantly increase your calorie intake.
  3. @AjaySahu-cy4di: Ok live .  In ur own UTOPIA
  4. @Mahavir_Gautam: absolute kuch bhi. the DIAAS (digestible indispensable amino acid score) of these products are medium to low. They're far behind eggs, except milk. and who's gonna eat all of this in big quantities daily.
  5. @Hulku_Bhaiya29: Bro what about soya chunks 🤔
  6. @lukman7339: Egg is better because it has low calories than veg
  7. @AbhishekSrivastava_ab: Urad and green moong is infamous now to be loaded with pesticides. Bhuna chana has artificial yellow color and roasted in unhygienic conditions.
  8. @PulkitMarkanda: Bro you are wrong they all are less bioavailability than egg and they can't replace eggs and only milk is good but another are high in calories and they are not ideal for protein beware of these guys
  9. @Viper60589: All these foods are consumed on a daily basis by most Indians. If these are so much better than eggs, then Indians wouldn't be so protein deficient.

Sorry I'll stick to eggs. 6g protein per egg. 50-80 calories. Rs 6-9 per egg. I eat 5 a day.
  10. @Ashish-d7s: ❤
  11. @yesh123-u5c: I think complete protein source with cheap price that is egg🥚,ntg can match egg
  12. @my_music07: Which study about egg Tell me? 
'You are influencing people bro ' don't spread any fake news
  13. @sagarrayabagi5325: Lentils protein with high calories
  14. @sagarrayabagi5325: Eating egg and diabetes no relationship
  15. @Rahul-wg8uw: These are the sources of carbs, not Protein.🤣
  16. @MangaaManav: Stupid there is something called bio availablity
  17. @Nobod.y.y.y: Namaste Moving the pictures to fast please slow them down
  18. @sunitavijan6356: Sir soyabeen fali me protin hai??
  19. @honestly_speak001: Jay hind 🇮🇳
  20. @DanishKhan2006s: This guy doesn't know what he's talking about

- Eat These Foods Daily To Lose Weight Effortlessly: Kind: captions Language: en If you're trying to lose weight but feel stuck, you might just be eating the wrong foods. Here are 10 foods that actually help you burn fat, crush cravings, and support your weight loss goals. And nope, nothing boring or expensive. These are easy everyday foods you'll wish you started eating sooner. Let's go. Number one, eggs. Don't skip this. Eggs are literally one of the best weight loss foods. High in protein, low in calories, and they keep you full for hours. Start your day with two boiled or scrambled eggs and notice how much less you snack. Number two, Greek yogurt. The plain one, not flavored. Packed with protein, low in sugar. It helps control hunger hormones and improves digestion thanks to probiotics. Top it with berries or a tiny bit of honey if you need sweetness, but ditch the flavored versions full of sugar. Number three, oatmeal. It keeps you full and balances blood sugar. But here's the trick. Skip the instant packets. Use plain rolled oats. Cook them with water or milk and add cinnamon or fruits. Great for breakfast and way better than sugary cereals. Number four, leafy greens. Spinach, kale, lettuce. Low in calories, high in fiber and nutrients. Fill half your plate with greens and you'll naturally eat fewer high calorie foods without even noticing. Bonus, they help reduce bloating and improve digestion. Number five, chicken breast or lean protein. This is your fat burning engine. Why? Because protein builds lean muscle and keeps your metabolism active. Grilled chicken, turkey, or even tofu. Just keep it lean, not fried. Number six, apples. They're sweet, satisfying, and full of fiber. An apple before meals can actually help you eat fewer calories overall. Plus, it's a great swap for candy or snacks when cravings hit. Number seven, chia seeds. Tiny but powerful. They expand in your stomach, making you feel fuller for longer. Add them to smoothies, oats, or even water with lemon. They also keep you regular, which matters when you're trying to lose belly fat. Number eight, cucumbers and carrots. These are your go-to snacks. Crunchy, lowal, hydrating, and they keep your mouth busy. Next time you're craving chips, try slicing cucumbers with a pinch of chili powder and lemon. Game changer. Number nine, berries, strawberries, blueberries, raspberries. High in antioxidants, low in sugar. They satisfy your sweet tooth without spiking your blood sugar. Add them to yogurt, oats, or eat a handful as a dessert replacement. Number 10, water with lemon or just cold. This isn't just hydration talk. Water literally helps your body burn more calories and reduces false hunger signals. Start each meal with a full glass. It curbs overeating and helps digestion. Here's the truth. You don't need fancy detoxes or starvation diets. You need the right foods that fuel your body, keep you full, and support your goals. Start out adding just three to four of these foods daily and watch how your cravings drop, your energy goes up, and the weight finally starts to move. If you liked this video, hit that like button, share this with someone who needs it, and subscribe for more videos like this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @fitmax_x [3 likes]: If you’ve been trying to lose weight but keep starting over, I made a simple 8-week plan that shows you exactly what to do 🤍➡️ https://fitmax-8weekplan.carrd.co
  2. @DevirOkhion [2 likes]: well information thanks
  3. @LILY_MM2-222 [1 likes]: But then my parents will probably “why do you want this food?”
  4. @SumairaJan-d3r [1 likes]: Can we eat one or two sunny side ups and 2 piece of toast if were trying to lose weight ? (^o^)
  5. @Hibbans [1 likes]: This video highlights 10 essential foods that can help with weight loss by burning fat, crushing cravings, and supporting weight loss goals (0:00-0:17). The video emphasizes that these are common, affordable, and easy-to-incorporate foods, not boring or expensive options (0:10-0:17).

Here are the key foods discussed:
Eggs (0:18): High in protein, low in calories, and keep you full for hours, reducing snacking.
Greek Yogurt (Plain) (0:36): Packed with protein, low in sugar, helps control hunger, and improves digestion with probiotics.
Oatmeal (Plain Rolled Oats) (0:58): Keeps you full and balances blood sugar; avoid instant packets due to added sugars.
Leafy Greens (1:14): Low in calories, high in fiber and nutrients; filling half your plate with them naturally reduces high-calorie food intake and aids digestion.
Chicken Breast/Lean Protein (1:35): Builds lean muscle and keeps metabolism active; opt for grilled or baked over fried.
Apples (1:53): Sweet, satisfying, and full of fiber; eating one before meals can reduce overall calorie intake and serve as a healthier snack alternative.
Chia Seeds (2:07): Tiny but powerful, they expand in the stomach to promote fullness and aid digestion.
Cucumbers and Carrots (2:24): Crunchy, low-calorie, hydrating, and a great healthy alternative to chips.
Berries (2:41): High in antioxidants, low in sugar, satisfy sweet cravings without spiking blood sugar.
Water with Lemon (or cold water) (3:00): Helps the body burn more calories, reduces false hunger signals, and curbs overeating when consumed before meals.

The video concludes by stressing that effective weight loss doesn't require fancy detoxes or starvation diets but rather the right foods that fuel the body and support goals (3:17-3:26). Incorporating just 3-4 of these foods daily can help reduce cravings, boost energy, and facilitate weight loss (3:26-3:35).
  6. @Hibbans [1 likes]: ¿Puedo obtener un corazón?
  7. @PrincessAzuri-oj7kz: Hey, quick question: since I eat dairy-free yogurt, will Greek dairy-free yogurt work?
  8. @smilewithujala: Hiiiii lov your vidsss definitely gonna subscribe you!!!! 
Can u make a video about a diet with Pakistani Tradionaal food? It can be usefull for few countries!!! And I trust uuu that you will be real and like TikToker or other social media who lies! Keep going '❤
  9. @Tshego-b4e5p: so what food can we eat if we are lactose intolerant so what are some alternatives??
  10. @xxx-h1d9b: age : 14 (2011)
height : 151cm / 4'11 ft
cw 52 kg / 114lbs (22 bmi)
gw1 49 kg / 109 lbs (21 bmi)
gw2 48kg / 105lbs (21bmi)
gw3 47kg / 103lbs (20 bmi )
gw4 44kg / 97lbs ( 19 bmi )
dw 43 kg / 94 lbs  (18 bmi)
  11. @jaxon_C0: Very clear explanation, nicely presented and easy to understand 👍
  12. @DrCelesteFinn: well information thanks
  13. @bfmvdinliyorum: it’s not greek it’s turkish yogurt 😠
  14. @MelodiePlaysOfficial: I'm not a big fan of apples... But adding a pinch of cinnamon make them taste 100x better!!!
  15. @jasonmadello7345: This is to you! Can you please bring to my martinsburg,wv house on 127 connell street tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons,tons of objects that contain food for myself to weight under 80 pounds while im eating lesser thisis the only way that ill be able to lose weight!
  16. @RaminaHermiz9: Im not fat, im just skinny fat, but i want to lose more weight. my stomach ain't fat but i want it flatter. But its really hard for me not to eat so much. pls i can't stop eatinggggg
  17. @CarrieRaasveld-f7f: The best thing is jus t listen to your body and eat when hungry and get into a hobby to fill your time. Don't listen to all these videos because I did one time and it ended up hurting me I can't say how but let's just say I cod barely even move. And now doing my own thing and eating when hungry but not full and walking I feel better not trying to lose weight or gain if I lose or gain atleast I will do what I can to not get where food ruled my world I knew somebody who died due to food addiction. I dont even really crave anymore I am more thirsty then hungry and wanting to do more then just eat.
  18. @BriannaNelson-e5d: Warning 🛑🛑☣: DO N0T EAT DRY CHIA SEED, MAKE SURE IT IS SOAKED FOR AT LEAST 30 MINS BEFORE YOU CONSUME, OVERNIGHT IS BEST IN MY OPINION. Research the health risks on your own.
  19. @joijewels7351: I am allergic to yogurt and apples
  20. @jasonmadello7345: This is to you. Can you please bring to me tons of old objects that contain food in it to my martinsbur,wv house on 127 connell street so that i can weight minus tons minus tons minus tons minus tons. Geeze i mean i need this many old objects for myself to lose weight.

- My Secrets To Stay Lean and Fit Over 40 PLUS Weight Loss Tips that Work (Diet Free): Kind: captions Language: en oh what's up YouTube Welcome Back oh my gosh happy Tuesday happy happy Tuesday it's a day of lives for me um I'm really excited to be here with you so do you want to know what I'm going to tell you a little I'm going to bring you into my life a little secret time I am heading um to Sedona a little girls trip a little Mastermind with two of my favorite people I cannot wait um and I should tag them here on YouTube and uh Melissa Goodwin actually so um she's you have to if you are looking for fashion and style and how to upgrade your life with confidence and fashion tips go check out her Channel um and my other friend East who is absolutely amazing her Channel she gives mom tips life tips she's an incredible with personal development motivation inspir Iration and she also can help you really create an badass business but today um so I'm going to tag them below because I love them um but I'm going with them to sow so you might see us on here um today we're going to do some healthy recipes and the reason I told you about my trip is because I need to clear out my fridge and I also like I I don't buy plain food and I don't I end up I bring everything I'm going to bring I'm going to show you what I'm bringing and I make things today I'm going to make protein pancakes that I'm going to bring on the plane with me because my flight is super early and I'm on the plane all day tomorrow because I'm flying from Florida so a few things that I also want to tell you we're going to cover weight loss tips um in particular to support um women over 40 but in general just supporting in weight loss without diets these are going to be clean eating recipes I'm going to show you things that I do and I'm also going to give you tips and guidance as we do here on Limitless living live as we do here each week on my channel I'm going to share with you specific tips I'm going to show you what I do you are in my kitchen right now um and I came back from workout again with all my hair um oh my gosh so uh I don't have my hair pulled back today but so we're going to do some um protein pancakes two ingredient protein no three ingredient I'm sorry I lied to you I lied girl three ingredient protein pancakes we're going to sauté up some veggies um and we're going to and I'm going to share with you some things so let's start with the protein pancakes right I have everything out I put it back here so we're going to backtrack for a minute all right I personally am um I'm not vegan I'm pescatarian but I don't do dairy so I use a vegan vegan protein powder now I do not work for Sprouts I don't work for anybody that I am sharing with you today I'm just sharing with you what's in my kitchen what I use this is from Sprouts is their vegan protein powder I like it I like the numbers I always look at numbers so guys as a nutritionist FYI um if you're new to me I'm a holistic nutritionist I have a background in Fitness I was the winner of the international Natural Body Federation for best body um I am over 40 um and I specialize in reprogramming the subconscious mind everything that I teach is fully holistic meaning that I don't believe it's ever just about food or Fitness or meditation or one thing I believe it's the whole pie we've got to look at all the things I also believe that food is either medicine or poison and I believe that food heals and I believe that the key to aging backwards and preserving your mind and and having beautiful skin and hair and nails it's eating clean it's knowing what you're putting into your body so here are a few rules of thumb if sugar is listed in the first five ingredients put it down especially if you're looking to lose weight another rule of thumb as a nutritionist if you turn something over and in the ingredients see how this says egg whites we know what's in here egg whites right but if you flip something else over and and there's ingredients that you cannot pronounce if you're trying to release weight or you're having hormonal disruption your best bet is to put it away put it down it's going to help you tremendously all right so we're going to make our egg white protein pancakes or we're going to make our high protein pancakes why are we doing high protein so as a female women are deficient in protein I see this time and time again I've been doing the work that I've been doing for 22 years I've specialized in helping women to release weight without dieting so they can put their energy and attention on their dreams not on diets right we've got too many beautiful lives to live that we don't want to put it on on um having to focus in areas that just don't serve us so here's the thing let's simplify it I'm all about weight loss made easy simplification so we're going to make some protein pancakes are we ready okay we're going to get this I'm doing this we always need measuring cups I say this to everybody if you are looking to release weight you need to know what you're putting into your body and you need to know why okay it's really really important now um all right so we're going to make these for my plain ride tomorrow are you excited I thought so I am too all right we're going to do a half a cup of almond milk I have Almond Breeze on hand now I want to bring up another thing that I had um one of my friends reach out to me today and she said Melissa I've noticed that I'm gaining weight she said and I really don't know what I'm doing differently but I just had some oat milk my oat milk creamer and I know and she noticed she was getting a lot of FL in her throat and she just left me a boxer we're on that like real time walkie-talkie app right and um and she just said you think it's the oat milk and I said to her absolutely and here's something that I'm going to say that is is quite controversial to many but um as a nutritionist I tell every one of my clients all the women in my community and anybody that ask me to please stay away from oat milk it's oat is given to horses to gain weight it is it yes it can support in lowering cholesterol like a/4 cup a few times a week for women a half a cup for men but in in essence oats support in weight gain um they have lectins they are in inflammatory in the body I do not and if we look at oat milk so let's just go into this then she said I get an oat milk latte from dun dun dun Starbucks guys really understand that Starbucks uses what are called Barista Blends Barista Blends are in many cafes but you always want to ask just like if you get a matcha and I tell people and they're like I had no idea that my matcha had all this sugar in it and that when I get my matcha latte I thought that was healthier and I thought I was getting all these you know extra medicinal benefits and sugar is in a lot of hidden sugars are in a lot of things especially when we go and get these coffee drinks so always ask does your matcha have sugar in it always ask are you using Barista Blends if you look up Barista Blends for oat milk almond milk coconut milk used at Starbucks you will see that they are triple the amount in sugar and in fat I.E in carbohydrates so you're basically having a small snack if not even that much of a of a lighter meal in your drink depending on the size that you get right and so oat milk if you look at that it it is just just look it look it up look up Barista Blends Starbucks Barista Blends and you'll see exactly what I'm talking about and if you're trying to release weight that's not doing any favors now what am I doing I'm doing a scoop of protein we did a half a cup of almond milk and we did a half a cup of egg whites these are going to be high in protein virtually um really no carbs I mean we're going to have what are the carbs in this um three dietary fiber four carbohydrates fiber cancels out carbs so we've got one carb 20 Gams of protein and then we just did um a a half a cup of egg whites so we've got 20 grams in egg whites that's 40 grams of protein is right in here right 40 gam of protein and a total of this is 67 um this is30 so right now we're at like 130 and then we only did a half a cup one 145 calories for all of these protein pancakes that I'm about to make 145 calories a total of a total of four gr of fat yeah doing that math right this is 3.5 yes okay 145 calories 4 G of fat and 40 gram of protein and one carbohydrate okay that's what we're making right now this is protein pancakes for one this I mean you can feed this to as many people as you want so what are other things that you can do with this I'm not doing it with this batch but say this was vanilla protein powder I would add in cinnamon right little nutmeg you could do things like that you can add in dark chocolate chips when you're cooking them you could add in blueberries since I happen to have I told you guys I'm I'm using up what I've got here my mocha espresso flavor which is quite good but for a pancake it's a little bit different but I'm making these for my plain ride tomorrow I'm going to add a little Stevia so that it's not a little different in in taste and generally and I'm just going to whisk this up oh no you know what did by the way I made this wrong it's supposed to be a/4 cup of B milk did I do a half a cup I did oh no all right you know what we need to do now we're we're going to have to make extra protein YouTube I ruined it I'm just kidding we made it even better we're just going to double up and now we have enough pancakes for a lot of people so I'll bring extras for my friends so this consistency might be you want to know what I did no now I've just wasted two things of protein powder it's not supposed to have the almond milk the last time I made this it was just two um ingredients I'm like why is this so watery I it's not supposed to have almond milk do not use almond milk you just use half a cup of egg whites and one scoop of protein powder I now have watered down two scoops of protein powder in egg whites and part of me wants to do something different with this because these are not going to cook very well okay going to think about that for a minute you know what now I'm going to give you guys another nutritionist nutritionist trick that I learned when I was doing my fitness competition to stay Fuller longer there's a thing called glucon G l u c o m a n n a n wow I'm really good okay I'm impressed with my own spelling gluc um is an is KAC root knac root is an allnatural fiber that keeps you Fuller longer if I had some here which I wish I did right now I just finished that as well it's a great thickener all natural thickener of adding extra fiber to your diet that you can add to smoothies I would add some in here and that would make this thicker and would be great for these pancakes and then I wouldn't have to figure out if I'm going to make muffins I have to I'm going to play with what I'm going to do with this mix but it's not thick enough for pancakes I might make a bread I'm going to figure it out I'm going to move it over here I'm a little upset right now I was wondering I'm like wait a minute I made these um I made these on my insta story last week with two ingredients why do I have the avond milk out I tripped myself up okay so we're going to let those sit um and I'm going to think about what I'm going to do it might work we can play with one all right so um in the back here again you guys know I I I like things so this ready veggie mix from Trader Joe's is Amaze amazing we've got um shredded broccoli brussels sprouts carrots sugar snap peas I'm just going to sauté this in a little olive oil with sea salt perfect so we're going to put that on in the background okay that's going to go here we're going to throw this out and I would love to hear from you by the way um every week I have a cookbook it's my homeless cookbook it is clean recipes we pick a winner each week if you want to be in that drawing we announce it on Friday every Friday of the week if you you would like to get my cookbook sent to you for as a gift from me um all you're going to do is like subscribe and comment below and we my team takes the screenshot and we pick a winner so um I'd love to share that so that you can share healthy living and healthy recipes and really really enjoy taking care of you and your body and the people you love the most with these recipes by the way these recipes are all super clean they're easy I'm not about living in the kitchen forever and I like to make myself and you look like a rock star very easily which is how I like to cook things all right I think this might be thick enough I'm going to try it um I'm going to try it with one and we're going to see so I'm going to move you over here so you can see my mom gave me this dish towel it says the world is your oyster and you know what I like to believe that to be true okay so by the way wow okay okay um another thing that I was going to tell you uh if you are looking to debloat your belly so right now it's that time of the time of the month for me I'm really sharing quite openly here um but one of the things that I like to drink and this is like my allnatural Gatorade electrolyte enhancer but it's really great for a flat belly really really great you're going to do two tablespoons of apple cider vinegar two tablespoons of lemon juice a dash of cayenne pepper a tablespoon of cinnamon but I'm saying a tablespoon but just see what works for you I put that in a 42 o water bottle I'm going to grab it for you it's this guy and then I add a little Stevia it not only is going to act as a digestive enzyme but it's going to build up the acidity in your stomach which helps also with eliminations to Stave off cravings and to cut fat so this is really really something that's fantastic the lemon also helps to produce more electrolytes in the body um and overall it really it's I want to say it's not like it's balancing your pH levels but we've got if you look at all of the benefits of lemon water and the benefits of apple cider vinegar and then you've got the thermogenic effects of cayenne pepper the heal in properties of cayenne pepper and the therm thermogenic effects of cinnamon you put all of this together instead of buying these you know vitamin tabs and other things or or drinking all of these um just listen I'm not everybody have your things but I find that I make this and my body loves it it craves it it feels clean um eliminations happen more frequently um and it just supports in um in your digestion and in just feeling really good and it also helps you to drink more water because it's it's flavored right so play with the cinnamon and the Cayenne but it's a really really a great thing that will Aid with your digestion and help curve cravings and cut fat and give you a flat belly so um I also have a water recipe book called sip yourself slim it's on Amazon I can put uh actually the links below okay so I'm going to go let's do some of these pancakes and let's see how it works um I wish I could bring you closer to me um I'm just going to spray a little olive oil and I'm going to do I think it's going to be too runny guys but I'm going to play with it it actually it might work it might work all right I know this is not the most exciting time in this video um but I want to know from you today what tip are you going to try first is it going to be the lemon water are you going to make my um protein pancakes what are you going to do and I would love to hear from you what are your health goals what are some health goals that you have what are some things that you're wanting especially um at different stages and phases in your life what's going on for you let me know about that um I feel like I've given you guys a lot okay this is the one other thing that I really wanted to talk about today so so far what we've covered in this video are protein pancakes the mindset for Success um the difference with oat milk um and what to really watch out for the ingredients to look for um and what to not have and just let's like look at some Basics here so I subscribe to clean eating which means eating Foods closest to their natural state and apples and apples a tomato is a tomato a potato is a potato you know where you got it from often when people are releasing weight and they're going oh I went glutenfree and I lost all this weight or oh I did this it's really because they took out all the processed food processed food is filled with chemicals we don't our body doesn't know what to do with it generally they take out all the good nutrients and pump it with chemicals things that have addictive properties right um things that are going to have you take taste one and what more and so you want to really look at that and I found clean eating takes out I don't count calories I don't do macros it because clean eating just simplifies it and does it for me if my body knows what it is and I'm not having all of these added cravings from excess sugar and sodium then I can really assess my Hunger I can assess what I'm hungry for right um and I end up eating foods that satisfy me instead of eating a bag of chips and still being hungry right or eating you know a dessert or chocolate and then being like Oh well I still could have this and then you just end up grazing all day and those are things that I found I mean when we look at breakfast like one of worst breakfast you can have is cereal Cal I don't care about all these new souped up protein cereals if you want to have one then put protein powder in your milk so that you actually have protein with it or have eggs on the side but just having cereal is like eating candy at breakfast and praying for the best throughout the day that you don't just crave sugar all day right I hope that that makes sense um okay we've got the olive oil and the veggies going here and the pancakes are thin but they're cooking I'm going to let them do the bubbles on the top so they're cooking so that's a good thing so here's the last thing that I wanted to say people often ask me about you know how do you get your body look a certain way you know 45 years old like you know there's all these myths and theories around aging and what it has to look like you get to look however you want to look it's the story that you tell yourself you get to have the body that you want it's the story that you tell yourself you your journey with weight loss gets to be whatever you want it's a story that you tell yourself I teach this in our Limitless Academy I teach this my love your body lose weight program I teach this all around because your words dictate what your experience erience is so if you want your body the power behind Mind Body Connection when I'm creating even workouts for my clients or doing different things or sharing with them the workouts that I do I am always engaging I'm seeing my butt getting more lifted I noticed I'm like oh I'm getting like desk butt right like I'm like this is this is I it used to be perkier and like more bubble butt and all the things um I say all the things it's like my signature statement um and I realized that I really I I started to talk to my butt I started to talk and and go my thighs are looking like this my waist is looking like that my butt I love how perky my butt is it's getting stronger every day and with every movement I connect in mind and body with every step that I take I see it I feel it in my glute I feel it in my hamstring I tell my stomach we're getting tighter we're getting leaner we're getting more toned right we're aging backwards whatever you want to say but know that you must only talk to yourself with love you have you really that your body hears everything that you say they've got little antennas called your cells and they're listening to everything and everything you're saying is then being processed in the body and now I did I burn them no guys it worked it worked I will show you the finished produ they are doing it we are doing it I'll bring a few over so you can see how the pancakes turned out even with the almond milk as I drop one and the double protein still looking good look at that let's see oh wow it's really hot okay py to wait a minute but I'm excited and what I usually do with these is I dip them in some um peanut butter so I'll usually melt peanut butter and drizzle it on top um and you just want to do all natural make sure it only says peanuts it does not have sugar in it you just want all natural peanut butter um or you can do um this is also great to have on hand to bake with I get this off Amazon it's just the naked be you might need to add a little salt or some Stevia um or monk fruit or a little like if if you're into sweetness or if you need the salt but this is literally I'm going to tell you the ingredients right now um it is peanuts just powdered peanuts and this is great okay things are burning I think so I'm going to take that off um all right guys well I enjoyed this I've given you a lot of great tips I want to know which one you love the most are you enjoying our cooking demos and tips from me and do you want to come back each week let me know is there anything else that you would like me to teach on talk about we do a lot here at Limitless um and I look forward to hearing from you thank you so much for being here today I had a blast I'm so honored things are smoking behind me so I'm going to go get to those finish cooking these pancakes have a beautiful and blessed day and I will see you soon m up

  Top Comments:
  1. @melissabgoodwin [1 likes]: Melissa you are the REAL DEAL!! I am blown away at how you walk your talk when it comes to eating, treating, healing and glowing! ❤❤❤ you!!!
  2. @tamaraforsee5742 [1 likes]: I just found your channel.  Love how you explain what you should avoid and why.
  3. @debbieboiko2613 [1 likes]: What is the protein powder you use?💗
  4. @daniellelandvatter8404 [1 likes]: I love you and your recipes!! My only problem is I have to cook for my kids who are so picky! And I don't like having to make multiple things all day so I tend to just have a salad with whatever I make them. 😢I would love to eat even cleaner
  5. @marygleason484 [1 likes]: Hi Melissa!  I love your pep and bright attitude. You had cancer and are healed. Is that how you stay so lean? Your physique is incredible and I love how clean you eat. Just want quick lean out eating plan that will keep me motivated. Keep doing what you’re doing.  You are fab!
  6. @whatsnewwithnadine4988 [1 likes]: HI MELISA!! would love to be entered into the cookbook giveaway! Love your channel and I listen to your podcasts too on repeat. Especially the "tapping for weightless"! I found you through your video about eliminating emotional eating. You are brilliant!

- Joe Rogan - Why Obese People Can't Lose Weight: Kind: captions Language: en like I mean you I have friends that are pretty overweight and one that died pretty recently who was really big and he just had this feeling when he would meet people I mean he talked about a little bit he was just obese it was just this thing where you're just oh look at this enormous fat guy and then to go from that to oh there's a guy there's a normal guy yeah it's just a guy it's 168 pound I normal no difference between oh yeah I know we loved we loved to beat up on fat people hmm we loved to turn it into a character defect but I got to tell you virtually every fat person that I know or that I've taken care of they are not disproportionately eating more than their peers in some cases yes but not unbalanced that the problem is that they simply do everything incorrectly metabolically hmm you know so their body is functioning incorrectly yeah and it's you know and it's exact there's a genetic component I think there are dietary exacerbations I think certainly not exercising makes things worse so there are lots of predisposing factors but at the end of the day what's happening is when you and I eat like let's let's take a meal that that like if you had pancakes bacon and scrambled eggs that would be like a really good mix of I'd be 1/3 carbs a third protein a third fat so it's like a ton of nutrient right if you or I ate that yeah it probably wouldn't be that good for us but like we you know let's say we just finished a workout or something like we're going to partition such that that glycogen will first and foremost go to replace the muscle and liver stores of glycogen because we have bigger muscles and our muscles are more insulin sensitive we can actually disproportionately put more glycogen into our muscles into the leg muscles because you'll have done that run up the hills right and and then furthermore when we want to recruit energy again we'll have the ability to actually go back and get fat ass but you know in other words break down fat at lower ATP demands then necessarily always going to glycogen so in other words we partition fuel in a smarter way and these patients I mean you can measure this clinically using something called RER and of course doing other blood tests like they just they just they can't break down their own fat so their body is essentially broken in that regard and that can be fixed with with diet it's a hard problem because the way I explain it to people is and I'm so clinically I'm not interested in weight loss right I mean that's just not I'm much more interested in longevity and yes sometimes weight loss comes with that but I like if I ever get stuck doing you know weight loss like I'm doing the wrong thing for my interest but the way I say to people when they want to lose weight is look you don't want to lose weight you want to lose fat let's let's be very clear on our semantics it weight is irrelevant right unless you're a cyclist or some athlete for whom the actual scale means something but for for people like us it's you want to lose fat not weight and then when you say you want to lose fat what does that mean in English well do you want fewer fat cells or do you want each fat cell to be smaller those are totally different questions if you want fewer fat cells have liposuction but we know that that doesn't fix you metabolically so if you want fewer if you want to be less fat you have to have smaller fat cells now a fat cell conceptually has two inputs and one output so now I say let's reframe the question you got a room with a hundred people in it you want fewer people in the room what has to happen more people have to leave the room then enter the room so similarly if you have a fat cell and you want it to be less fat you've got to get more fat out of it than enters it and the fat that exits the cell exits via a process called lipolysis and the inputs to a fat cell are something called de novo lipogenesis which is turning carbohydrates into fat and aureus tariff occation which is turning fat like in a free fatty acid into a triglyceride back into a fat cell each of those three Doors is controlled by hormones and so the purpose of nutrition mmm or fasting or exercise or drugs or hormones or all these things is to manipulate those hormones in the direction of what I call negative fat flux or what would be referred to in the literature as fat balanced negative fat balance and the hormones that drive that are many insulin hormone sensitive lipase testosterone estrogen cortisol being the five most important in my opinion maybe someone will disagree with that but I think those are the five that rule the roost and so you know how do you manipulate those insulin seems to be the most important of the five and there's no better way to lower insulin than to not eat so the first thing that happened to that dude who went 382 days without anything but water and minerals is he basically had very low insulin levels in fact once he got into raging ketosis which he got into by about day 7 his insulin came up only to prevent him from going into ketoacidosis which was what would happen if he had no insulin response in other words if he was a type 1 diabetic he would have died of ketoacidosis because he wouldn't have had the insulin to regulate the uptick of ketones but if you were I did this because we have a normal pancreas we would actually make just enough insulin to suppress ketogenesis and keep that beta-hydroxybutyrate level in the you know kind of in the neighborhood of probably 7 or 8 millimolar as opposed to getting north of 12 to 15 which is when you get into trouble so you know how do you manipulate insulin nutrition is the first way if you can't fast the next best thing is to reduce carbohydrates carbohydrates obviously are the most insulin Enic of food although protein can be quite insula genic as well it has a different response and then that's when you start to think about these other things you know i've seen patients where they just can't lose weight and i watch what they're doing and they're doing everything right but they just can't lose weight but then you notice their cortisol levels through the roof it's hard to get rid of fat when you have hot lots of cortisol cortisol is a very anabolic hormone too fat and a very catabolic hormone to muscle which is the exact opposite of what we want testosterone of course is the exact opposite testosterone is catabolic to fat but anabolic to muscle and then of course you know women have a harder time because once women go through menopause they lose all the estrogen and all the testosterone and so now they lose to hormones that play a very important role in regulating this so for these people that are having the issue with cortisol levels that's exacerbated by stress right yes so stress actually exacerbates your weight gain absolutely that's interesting in addition to a whole bunch of other yeah literally eat the same diet and gain more weight because of stress absolutely Wow again hormones are what's driving fuel partitioning you know you're responsible for what you put in your mouth but in many ways at that point like the hormones take over and decide where it's going

  Top Comments:
  1. @ancientmeww [2 likes]: Calories in vs calories out.
  2. @DSN262 [1 likes]: Fat people eat like crap and are sedentary
  3. @jameskim880 [1 likes]: not true. fat people at the end of the day, eat too much.
  4. @jesuskristus18 [1 likes]: Fucking fucking fuuucks
  5. @8bitgdhaxz [1 likes]: there are also people who sit on their butt all day who don’t passively burn as many calories as someone moving around during the day. If you work an office job you’re gonna gain weight a lot easier than someone with a more active job.
  6. @LYT.0WL [1 likes]: Skinny people get way more hate
  7. @terrorsquadlith [1 likes]: biggest pile of BS I heard from this guy.. Fat people DO eat a lot more than others
  8. @Skankhunt1942: It’s impossible to put on weight if you burn more calories than you consume.
  9. @islandman71: If it's not a health problem and they can afford healthy food and are able to exercise, then it's their fault , solve your trauma
  10. @spr1ngcactu5: You don't see them eat more than a normal person because they eat when nobody is looking. They hide their drug usage. They deepthroat a funnel and literally shovel tons and tons of food down their throat and pack in down with a sledgehammer.
  11. @cubsfan2929: Obese people are 100% eating more than a skinny person. He's full of shit. It's calories in calories out
  12. @Janine-q3b8t: I challenged a overweight Trillionairs he refused to walk 3 city's he cheated he refused to walk he remains fat I won mocking the overweight Trillionairs
  13. @gsh4485: I have hypothyroidism. I walk 2 miles a day and drink only water during the day. 2 cups coffee in the morning. I do not eat lunch. I have one slice of bread with a protein source in the morning and dinner typically consists of 2-3 oz meat, salad or green vegetable, and a 1 oz roll. Because I cannot sleep well and many medicines warn us not to take it, my doctor advised I drink 1 glass of wine 3 hrs before bedtime.
  14. @DrArchanaRampuria: everything  he is saying is relevant and accurate about the hormones involved. The more we understand our bodies the easier it is for us to be healthier.
  15. @wally847: Get.into.running
  16. @XoBeautyMisfitXo: My problem is is that most fat people can’t mind their own business their nose always be in people’s business, but never in a salad
  17. @YouBoyJpres: Well explained
  18. @berkay6947: He is correct about some people eating normal amounts of food but still gaining weight. But if you look at what fat people eating you can see the problem. They are eating calorie dense foods.

What you eat is very important.
  19. @5cotxy: Excuse me. Fat people aren’t consuming more calories? Lies 1:14
  20. @Franklin-pc3xd: As an obese person himself, Rogan can be taken seriously on this topic.

- 11 HEALTHIEST Foods With No Carbs & No Sugar [UNBELIEVABLE]: Kind: captions Language: en 11 healthiest foods with no carbs and no sugar looks like someone wants to shed some pounds and get healthy good for you my friend let me give you a tip if you want to lose weight it's time to say goodbye to those carbs yes those yummy processed carbs and refined sugars are your enemies they cause inflammation in your body and make your liver produce more fat who wants that right not me not you so let's stick to healthy foods that are low in carbs and sugars number one red meats listen up meat lovers if you want to build those muscles and have the energy of a superhero then you got to choose high quality grass-fed animal Meats like beef lamb and even some organ Meats these bad boys are packed with protein that will give you the strength to lift those heavy weights and run that extra mile and let's not forget about the iron and vitamin B12 which are essential for building up that blood and keeping you energized all day long just make sure it's high quality and grass-fed so you can get all the Nutri audience you need to become the ultimate muscle machine number two kale this Mighty leafy veggie is a nutrient Powerhouse that puts other superfoods to shame it contains double the vitamin C of oranges more calcium than milk and more potassium than bananas plus it's low in starches and sugars and high in healthy fiber whether you prefer your kale lightly steamed as a side dish or blended into delicious smoothies get ready for some major health improvements number three eggs these Little Wonders contain all the building blocks of life and only Trace Amounts of carbs making them a perfect addition to your healthy diet eggs are also packed with choline and lecithin which can help break down fat in your liver and Aid in weight loss and let's not forget about the protein amino acids vitamins and minerals that can help your cells heal and grow stronger so how many eggs should you eat well according to the experts two to four eggs a day can boost your nutrition and keep you feeling full and focused August say goodbye to those pesky cravings for snacks and junk food and hello to a healthier happier you number four pick a nuts Pickens contain a very low amount of net carbs but contain high amounts of soluble fiber which help to control your blood sugars pecans are rich in zinc copper vitamin B1 and monounsaturated fat which will keep you feeling satisfied and less likely to Crave junk Foods when losing weight eat a small handful of these after a meal or chop them up and mix with sugar-free dark chocolate 70 number five cheese cheese is a legit good source of fat soluble nutrients like vitamins a e d and K2 that can help keep you healthy plus it helps your bones teeth and Nails absorb calcium like a boss and get this it's got healthy fatty acids and proteins that can boost your brain power and focus too so if you're gonna Chow Down on cheese make sure it's from grass-fed cows or goats to get the most out of it I highly recommend tasty varieties like cheddar Camembert halami Brie goats cheese and mozzarella number six cauliflower and cruciferous vegetables to enhance your well-being or shed weight effectively it's crucial to incorporate cruciferous leafy greens like broccoli cauliflower brussels sprouts arugula bok choy cabbage and collard greens into your diet these vegetables are rich in phytochemicals which Aid in detoxifying your liver and eliminating toxins from your body moreover these greens are an excellent source of essential minerals such as potassium and magnesium these minerals play a vital role in lowering insulin resistance which facilitates fat burning at an accelerated Pace therefore consuming these vegetables is essential for meeting your nutritional requirements and improving your overall health number seven avocados and extra virgin olive oil avocados are one of the best sources of healthy fats out there these babies are packed with monounsaturated fats that keep your cells fueled and energized avocados also contain a boatload of potassium magnesium and advocating B which help balance your hormones improve insulin resistance and help you burn fat they are basically a One-Stop shop for all your nutritional needs and let's not forget about extra virgin olive oil this stuff is liquid gold when it comes to cooking it's loaded with anti-inflammatory chemicals like oleocanthal and oluopian that help ease pain swelling joint pain inflammation and even improve your liver health so go ahead and drizzle that stuff on everything number eight butter listen up folks if you want to keep those eyes skin and hair looking fresh and fabulous pure butter is the way to go but hold up don't go grabbing any old butter you want the good stuff that hasn't been mixed with any veggie oil that's the kind that's packed with retinol which is essential for keeping your body looking young and vibrant now I know some people get freaked out by butter because of that cholesterol talk but guess what your body actually needs that stuff to make hormones like insulin estrogen testosterone and cortisol and those hormones are key players in helping you shed those extra pounds your bones will thank you for the extra calcium and your Cravings will be kept in check plus butter helps your gallbladder release bile which breaks down fat number nine mushrooms did you know that mushrooms are actually fungi but we cook them like veggies these little guys are chock full of nutrients there are so many different kinds of mushrooms out there each with its own unique profile of vitamins and minerals for centuries mushrooms have been a staple in Cuisines all over the world because they add an incredible burst of flavor you can add all that yumminess without any extra fat or sodium these babies are fat free low in sodium low in calories and cholesterol free mushrooms are also loaded with fiber vitamins and minerals number 10. herbs to lose those extra pounds you got to get some freshly chopped herbs in your life I'm talking mint basil parsley oregano cilantro Dill Rosemary and Thyme these babies don't have any of those pesky starches but they are packed with antioxidants and phytonutrients that will help you crush your weight loss goals and keep your blood sugar in check plus they'll make your salads taste awesome don't forget about spices turmeric cinnamon coriander seeds black pepper and ginger are some of Nature's Most Powerful healers they'll help repair your liver pancreas and digestive organs and even though spices have a teeny tiny amount of carbs you don't need much to reap the benefits and give your meals some serious flavor number 11. wild salmon if you're on that low carb Vibe you've got to get some oily fish up in your grill wild salmon sardines mackerel and anchovies are packed with protein and omega-3 fatty acids that all have you feeling like a million bucks not to mention those Omega-3s will help lower inflammation all up in your body and fix any damage caused by your sugary past but here's the deal stay away from those farmed fish they're chock full of nasty antibiotics synthetic food coloring and a bad diet that makes them low in nutrients so stick to the wild stuff if you want to ditch carbs and get your body burn in fat try mixing up some of these foods not only will they help you shed pounds but they'll also give your cells some serious loving and hey if you're looking for more tips on how to live your best life make sure you hit that subscribe button so you don't miss a Beat thank you [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @thebalancedhealthchannel [76 likes]: Thanks for watching. ✅🍎📝Custom Meal Plan: bit.ly/CustomHealthyMealPlan
  2. @HEALTHYSENIORLIVING-r2x [2 likes]: You brought up something really important here. I’m actually doing a video series on common health struggles for older adults — happy to share more if anyone wants practical advice.
  3. @Explorehealthyfood [2 likes]: Thank you for the information..it really helps
  4. @Aryu-c1w [1 likes]: In my 20year life I even not for once eat seafood,meat,omlet and now I found milk is not healthy for my body,😅, I just am vegetarian just eat vegetables, fruits and protein and drink green tea, lemon leaves, sew flower and use jira it's my every day meal, and I feel good I don't think everyone needs same diet 😊
  5. @quotesaboutlife_wisdom [1 likes]: Real talk, more people need this
  6. @KimberlyStockwell-b7o [1 likes]: This is so helpful; I'm trying to cut back on carbs and sugar, and this list gives me a great starting point for meal planning!
  7. @dumitrupopa7049: Cheese has sugar in it and therefor not for me
  8. @ambasinger786: Every food is good if your metabolism is good. For office person, sugar is not required as he do brain work more and physical work less and for labour work which does not require much mind, every non toxic food can work as body needs calories to work and sugar has no place to settle in body
  9. @MorrisBellNaturalRemedies: Love content like this 👏
I focus on simple, natural weight-loss foods too.
Shared 17 sugar-free foods on my channel.
  10. @BEACHPEOPLE37: I eat junk food and drink soda and I don't care
  11. @frederichcaetano7852: Stopped watching 10 seconds in.. I'm not here to lose weight. Why is always about losing weight with you fat freaks
  12. @snuffle2269: Talks about Pecans while showing pictures of walnuts.
  13. @conworldus8310: Grassy plants like kale or broccoli are absolutely carb heavy.   Just eat a steak and eat once a day.  Save yourself and save the planet int he process.
  14. @neomt2: Kale carries a lot of heavy metals, esp lead. Thats what kale is a soil cleaner and filter. Do not eat it
  15. @SecondWindLiving: "Wow, this list is a game-changer! 🌟 It's incredible to see that there are so many healthy food options out there that have no carbs and no sugar—perfect for maintaining a balanced diet and staying healthy, especially for seniors! These kinds of foods not only support weight management but also help improve energy levels and promote overall wellness. Can't wait to try out some of these suggestions and incorporate them into my meals. Thank you for the valuable insights, definitely saving this video for future reference! 🙌"
  16. @ginadiodati1965: I believe in a very low carb life now.  However, 😂 boy, I remember the 90s diets... we were told to avoid eggs and bacon and instead eat oatmeal and bagels.
  17. @GoldenWellnessHub: 02:02 Such an insightful and trustworthy breakdown!
The way you blend scientific research with clear explanations of each food’s benefits makes it easy for viewers to incorporate them into their daily diets. Love how concise yet informative the content is!
  18. @cesarcantu813: ♥️🥣🍣🍣😍🤠👨🏽‍🦼
  19. @suepartington8570: Fantastic ❤
  20. @kidneyCare60: 1. Red Meats
2. Kale
3. Eggs
4. Pecan Nuts
5. Cruciferous Vegetables
6. Avocados
7. Olive Oil
8. Butter
9. Mushrooms
10. Herbs
11. Wild Salmon

- Don't Fall into These Common Keto Traps: Top 3 Mistakes to Avoid: Kind: captions Language: en I'd like to talk about three really common mistakes that a lot of people make when they start the ketogenic diet so when interviewing people who are either plateaued or they're running into problems these three things keep coming up over and over and over again so I'm going to make it really simple and this is going to be a fairly quick video but these are very important points so that way if you're starting keto you can be very successful and the first mistake relates to Fat okay people sometimes think that a ketogenic diet is just a high fat diet and that's what makes you burn fat and turn it into ketones it's not true it's not eating more fat eating more fat is not going to make you more into ketosis it's the lowering of carbohydrates now what is an average person trying to fix when they go on keto they're trying to fix problems with their insulin okay primarily this thing called insulin resistance insulin resistance is the basically the pre stage before diabetes starts off mild it gets worse worse and worse until the point where it becomes Advanced insulin resistance and then you become a pre-diabetic and a diabetic so diabetes is Advanced insulin resistance now let's just take a look at a really like probably the most important function of insulin insulin prevents the loss of fat it's a survival mechanism yes it does help you store fat but it prevents the burning of fat it also prevents the loss of proteins in the body like if you think about a diabetic type one where they have no more insulin and what happens with them they're really skinny but what's confusing to some people is that wow they're a diabetic they should be fat now a lot of times when you have type 1 you're very very skinny why because you have no more insulin to store anything so everything just tends to just end up in the blood so you have high levels of fat in the blood that then don't get stored you end up with high levels of sugar and you lose a lot of protein too so it's a really nasty problem diabetes type 1. so how does this relate to fat in order for you to even develop diabetes in the first place Advanced insulin resistance or even insulin resistance there has to First be a problem in your fat cells or your fat cells have insulin resistance in other words there's this dysfunctional fat cell that can no longer store fat so as a protective mechanism the the fatso has to stop that fat from going in so it develops this resistance against insulin so we no longer have this storage mechanism in the fat cell but now where does that fat go the fat is now going to be accumulated outside the fat cell okay that's called ectopic fat it's not in the adipocyte anymore you're going to get fatty muscle it's going to be in your liver it's going to be around the organs it's going to be inside the pancreas it's going to be all over the place that is when you start developing insulin resistance to a point where then it switches to diabetes so let's just take a look at that one point for a second if you're going to go on keto to fix insulin resistance and you're a pre-diabetic or you're diabetic would it make sense to really stuff yourself with more fat that's going to contribute to the problem so one of the biggest mistakes on keto is people just do unlimited fat they do Bulletproof Coffee they're Downing tons of butter they're doing keto fat bombs I actually have a recipe channel that teaches you how to make these recipes but I do think they serve one purpose is when you first start keto and you're making this transition and you want to make it easy and you eat more fat to be able to fast longer okay that's a good reason but after you've adapted and you're doing good I don't recommend continuing to just dump unlimited amount of fat in your system what you should do is consume the fat that normally comes with the protein don't go low fat don't avoid fat but just don't consume a lot of extra fat especially if you're trying to fix insulin resistance and diabetes so when someone's like plateaued with their weight and um I'd ask them what they're eating and then I find out they're eating like all this extra fat like I'll have them make that change and they'll do much better on the flip side of that there are certain programs like Ideal Protein that is protein low carb and low fat but the problem is the quality of ingredients are really crappy they're getting their protein from soy protein isolates and all that stuff so that's not necessarily one of the mistakes I just want to bring that up you want to use healthy ingredients as well like real food which relates to the mistake number two I mean this concept of Keto snacks goes completely against what we're trying to do because insulin is not just increased by carbs it's also increased by eating and these snacks are going to really just raise your insulin especially if you're buying all these snacks you're going to be eating them through the day I mean just go on Amazon and type keto snacks there's just everything from keto ice cream the so-called protein shakes there's chips there's cookies it just goes on and on and on and if you read the label on this they're filled with things like polydextrose and dextrose and all these new fibers that haven't been tested tapioca corn fiber and just because something says keto does not even make it keto but the point is that you don't want to do these snacks I can see using some of these as dessert occasionally but I don't do a lot of these keto snacks and that is a big reason why people are failing on keto because they're doing all this keto snacks and the ingredients are not even keto especially when you get into the Atkins type so-called keto friendly foods and then you have slim fast but if you see ingredients like maltitol I mean that's just like almost the same as sugar and I have found just by cutting out the keto snacks that people do very well just eat real food don't make your meal a bar like a keto bar even if they're the correct macros because it's just not real food all right number three hidden carbohydrates okay and a big one is this maltodextrin it's even in your supplements it's in the the electrolyte powders I've done a video on that and I think another big thing is too many berries and fruit I've had people say well well fruit has fructose fruit has half fructose and half glucose so yes fructose is low on the glycemic index but your liver is the only organ that can handle fructose and it is going to create a major problem with insulin resistance so even though it's low in the glycemic index it's still a big problem and out of all the things that are very high in fructose agave nectar is right at the top and if you look at Galva nectar in some products it says oh yeah it's keto friendly because it's low in the glycemic index well that's just like saying like pizza is good because it has Tomatoes well it has other things as well now there's a really good Kindle book that I recently got I didn't finish it so I can't say that I agree with every single point yet but it's called don't eat for the winter and what I like about it it's written by an engineer okay so Engineers are good problem solvers they think logically and this book is so far really interesting because the author mentions like an acorn a squirrel would start to accumulate all these acorns right and they're gonna eat those through the winter now an acorn is like 53 fat it's 41 carb and it's like six percent protein a very similar profile to junk food and when you combine that much carb with that much fat well you're going to create a lot of storage of fat and he also mentions another uh interesting point about you know when do we Harvest uh fruits okay like apples pears peaches all this fruit is mainly harvested in September October maybe early November it's very unnatural to harvest fruit all year round that fruit Which is higher in fructose tends to act as a survival mechanism so you can survive through the winter but of course we have fruit available every single day of the year so you can very easily overdo the fruit especially if you add it with fat our body and our genes have not evolved to handle that much fructose so to summarize number one don't overdo it with the fat consume the fat that normally comes with protein and also realize when you're drinking all this fat it's not all being oxidized as fat burning a lot of it can be stored as well and as I'm thinking about this is actually a fourth one that I want to bring up I mentioned this uh in another video now typically the ketogenic diet should be a moderate amount of protein and it definitely should be bioavailable complete protein so if you're doing the ketogenic diet with plant-based protein or just not enough bioavailable protein that's going to tell the brain to keep eating so out of all the macronutrients carbs protein fat protein is the most valuable to the body because we don't store it and there's so many different functions that are dependent on this protein so this really relates to when you start doing more intermittent fasting and prolonged fasting if you're deficient in amino acids going into a prolonged fast you're just not going to feel good and so for some people that don't feel good it wouldn't hurt to take a blend of complete amino acids just to fortify the body now to get more information on the healthy version of the ketogenic diet I put that video up right here check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShandownEmpreends [39 likes]: I went through a tough time with my body and my appearance, and nothing seemed to help. The only thing that worked for me was a protocol I saw in a video called “How Michael Lose His Weight Fast” it helped me alot!
  2. @Drberg [2 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  3. @carolineleiden [2 likes]: I eat like my grandma ate. I buy only the things she could buy in the last century. So I buy lard, but not sunflowerseed oil. I buy seasonal products, fresh produce, but  nothing processed. Basically nothing the supermarkt sells.
  4. @CRYTRAX. [1 likes]: is it genetic can some people eat carbs?
  5. @lewcharles7879 [1 likes]: I did a keto diet with intermittent fasting 18/6 and in 3 months i lost 22 lbs, dropped my A1c from 7.8 to 5.5 and completely cured my fatty liver. It works !
  6. @anamoreno2303 [1 likes]: The problem dr berg is that can take months to adapt and in that process i need more fat to satisfy and be able to do two meals a day. I have hashimotos ans adaptation is being hard. I am tired
  7. @leilagosselin7238 [1 likes]: Such plain , simple sounding advice. I do not eat most vegetables, I truly cannot swallow them so this is a difficult change for me. I really appreciate your explanation about snacks, any kind of snack. Any advice for Keto with eating only spinach, lettuce for vegetables. I love my berries and it is hard to limit these so drastically. Wish me luck with this journey. One thing in my favour is that I easily fast 16 hours a day.
  8. @tloca.04 [1 likes]: Why on low carb did ALL of my numbers go UP !!
  9. @YarnKilla54 [1 likes]: Metabolic Syndrome needs management & control... The essential goal is to get rid of it.
Keto. Fasting.
  10. @USAJMM65: We raise our own meats and eggs on our farm and I’m very picky about vegetables so I have recently got in taquito. I’m finding I’m nauseous which I think is normal and also I’m finding when my stomach is empty the nauseous kicks in I’ve had some stomach issues over the past few years don’t really understand that but I figured I need to increase my fat intake so I am not hungry in between meals cause I wasn’t doing a lot of fat Smart fact for today example I’m at 4 net carbs from the greens that’s between breakfast lunch and I haven’t had dinner yet i’m at 33 g of protein and 90 g of fat
I think the pork butt that I cooked, which I eliminate a lot of the excess fat from that to make shredded pork so I can just warm up some pork with avocado or a little salsa on it jalapeños
I’m also lactose intolerant so I don’t do a lot of dairy which I know dairy can knock you out out of ketosis
So I’m trying to keep my brain and function of meat, leafy greens and healthy fats and I also render my own pork fat and lamb fat and I will tell you I have been amazed the difference of homemade pork fat, which is just amazing. There’s no comparison in the store whatsoever to the pork fat or the lamb fat that has been rendered at home where your animal grew up on your land.
It’s incredibly clean there’s no odor. There’s no funny smell or taste even if you open up a vegetable oil seed oil you have a certain smell this does not. It is the best thing and I’m sorry that I hadn’t been doing it sooner in life
  11. @Pjpuglife: I went keto for 3 months lost weight, then the sugar craving came I gained the weight back and inflammation came back like a vengeance.
  12. @jskaoeunrbshfkfdhjsh: I don't crave for snacks at all.. I am full for like half a day after a meal
  13. @Jamigam: is it still fine to eat fat to every meal, like cook ith butter or use olive oil? or what is the fat limit?
  14. @DrLukas_Weber: I think the best tip is to eat a balanced diet,  and move
  15. @cateelisabethlsn6400: Day three extremely tired and diarrhea after lunch. omad since 2024. Bedtime 8pm. I was addicted to spaghetti 🍝
  16. @anamoreno2303: Also plant fats donnot satisfy me it needs to be animal fsts
  17. @jamescorsey6041: Is yogurt ok on keto?
  18. @BEN-d1l9e: You should read "Keto Diet for Energy and Vitality" by Andy Reven now. It’s the best book about health. This nonfiction book makes you feel smart and energized. Google it!
  19. @blancaaguero9450: I do clean keto lean meat oil and protein powder
  20. @cherylinchrist4826: Where is Dr. BERGS Macro scale? I don't know what that is really. I've been on keto a week now. One meal or 2 meals only between 12-6. My bowel obstruction after a week does not hurt.

- Healthy meals for a day | Low carb Lifestyle | Protein Rich Recipes: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] wow [Applause] this so do my um um the foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sthitapragnasya: Hi akka hi tarak mama...How is ur health akka...tc..jaihind
  2. @konkaparvathi2308: Mimmalni chusi nen inspire ayyanu. Second baby kavali ani. Thanq.
  3. @mamathamammu2366: Woohh tarak kannayya😍😘 entha chakkagaa mummy ki help chesthunnadoo...
Love you Baccha😚
  4. @chethanauk3417: Hi andi yela unnaru nice vlog
I like u r way of simple cooking it's also tasty
  5. @polagan5029: 👌Hii andi 🤚

- WHAT I EAT IN A WEEK | *high protein + fiber rich meals*: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] on cheers guys M so good so cold welcome to a way eating a week video I'm so happy to have you here I love sharing recipes with you guys here are always asking me to share more recipes and that's what we're doing today this is going to be a very realistic what eating a week I'm sharing with you guys strategies that I like to use to get myself back into the habit of cooking and eating more at home because I definitely have fallen off a bit and although we eat pretty well when we eat out we are't really gluttonous and crazy it does get you off track from your goals slightly because it's just hard to stay healthy the more you fall into eating out if you know what I mean okay it's just a slippery slope it's so easy to just fall off so we're getting back into it we have a little teddy grham protein smoothie okay I used my favorite Owen vanilla protein powder as well as peanut butter honey you can do almond butter as well and cinnamon as well as obviously almond milk and it's so good it's not too sweet and it's really really great if you're trying to get your protein up like me I do want to say this I am not a doctor I'm not a nutritionist I'm not anything like that I just like to come on the internet and share my Journey with you guys yeah if you are trying to go on a new health journey I highly recommend seeking out professional help now I do want to say I don't follow any crazy diets I do try to eat pretty high protein some days I'm lower carb some days I'm higher carb it just depends on how I'm feeling how my body feels I'm a huge advocate of listening to your body and just giving it the fuel that it needs I'm really in touch with my body and I'm just really observant of what my body is getting more of and what it needs more of and what it's not getting etc etc so all in all list listen to your body do what feels good for you let's get into this video cheers I definitely forgot to tenderize my chicken or make it a little bit flatter so I just did it a little bit in the pan by like putting some pressure on the spatula makes it a little thinner and it helps it cook a little bit more even okay guys so this is dinner tonight we have a little hot honey chicken moment I actually Incorporated some buffalo sauce into the egg wash when I was adding the breadcrumbs onto the chicken so that's where we're getting our little Buffalo moment from and then I hand seared the chicken on the stove make sure you like flatten out your chicken you can use a tenderizer or you can just use use your hand or a pan or something in your kitchen to flatten out cuz I usually do that but I forgot this time but it's okay I'm pretty sure my chicken is good I paner the chicken then I threw it in the oven for about 10 minutes just to make sure it was cooked throughout I threw my broccoli in the oven as well as the sweet potatoes and yeah this is my dinner it's going to be so good you can also do like a little buffalo sauce honey moment you know mixing it together and glazing it over this meal to have more of that buffalo sauce flavor but I am just going to eat like this and yeah this is my dinner [Applause] I am starting this morning off with a high protein Greek yogurt parfait as well as some hardboiled eggs topping it with some berries for the fiber adding some peanut butter granola all that good stuff this is an ideal breakfast for me this is my go-to salad we have chicken black beans lettuce a little bit of cheese oh I forgot tomato I'm going to get some tomato real quick hold on I have so much tomatoes in here I always buy tomato and I don't like it going to waste there we go okay so back to our little reveal can't go without the Tomato we have lettuce black beans chicken tomatoes and a little bit of cheese this is my go-to salad I chopped up my lettuce really finely I like it to be really chopped I could have chopped it a little better but I like to get every single piece um chopped up so I can half flavor in every single bite so yeah I'm going to get some salsa probably eat this with my salsa and dig in I'm going to show you guys how to make this chicken later on this week I'm going to make a fresh batch I've shown you this recipe multiple times if you're not new here then you already know but if you are you'll see this recipe in a bit but b a petitte so hungry and this delicious honestly I haven't even eaten this and it's the best thing I've made all week I am so excited to dig into this I did make my husband's with a bun or with some sourdough bread so you can also do it with sourdough I just wanted to do it Lettuce rocked to see how I'd like it m this lettuce is so crunchy that is excellent 10 out of 10 would recommend starting our day with some coconut Colt per usual let's get our gut heal in check first thing in the morning I'm getting through this really quick so I might need to go get another one I think I'm just going to do the regular old fashion version next we'll see one spoonful that is just diabolical every time I mean the strawberry isn't horrible but my L it never gets easier but it's all I'm literally teared up I'm like tearing up from that all in the name of Health just make some breakfast adding a little bit of butter to my pan why do I keep getting spinach everywhere all right guys breakfast is really simple this morning just two eggs with some spinach and a little bit of cheese as well as some butter toast breakfast is never truly revolutionary every single day a lot of times it's just some scrambled eggs if I have the energy but most of the time it's just hardboiled eggs for me but yeah this is what we're going to have I'm going to put my eggs and spinach mixture on my piece of toast it that way and bada boom bada bang we have breakfast this morning guys today I woke up craving pizza because Pizza is my favorite thing to eat in the world so I thought to myself that we should make a little protein Pizza moment and I know you're following me okay if you know me you are know what we're about to do got some Greek yogurt we're going to be making this very similar to how I make the protein Bagels the really popular protein Bagel so one part Greek yogurt one part flour okay also throwing in some baking powder and a little bit of garlic seasoning to make it a bit more authentic okay make the crust crust okay trust the process guys we're trusting the process we're going to start with the dry ingredients just to make sure everything is incorporated nicely I'm super nervous but if this goes wrong then we have backup food in the fridge I've never done this before but I'm hoping this works so I'm making a mess about a tablespoon or teaspoon and a half bunch of garlic powder mix this up smells so garlicky cup of Greek yogurt it's probably going to be a little too much dough now that I think about it but time to mix after kneading tirelessly it comes out like this okay this is definitely a trust the process moment so you just got to keep kneading it until it comes out as like a little ball like this now we're going to kind of work on a flowered surface to flatten her out I will say this might be bigger than I really care for it to be cuz I really like a thin crust so I probably could have just done half a cup of Greek yogurt and half a cup of flour for just one serving but we're going to play around with this we're going to see how this comes out nonetheless but our ball is pretty much ready to go as you can see we're going to put a little bit of flour here not too much just a sprinkle sprinkle this is so fun to me yeah this is definitely way bigger than I care for it to be I really wish I had one of those things called a pin wheel but we're going to do it old style like this okay I don't know how good that's going to work actually I want it really really flat really thin okay guys we have this little tortilla pan that we purchased a while ago sorry I got flour on it but I decided to line it with a little bit of parchment paper just so I don't ruin it and we're going to actually put our dough on the parchment paper flatten it out and then make a little crust is this flat enough I want it to be as thin as possible okay okay this is so fun okay for our pizza she's almost ready to go we have our crust ready okay I think she looks great I was expecting her to be too big but I definitely do think the one part or one cup of Greek yogurt one cup of flour is great for a little personal sized Pizza like this for my toppings I'm just going to use a little bit of this pizza sauce nothing crazy I think I got this from HB a little bit of mozzarella and this spicy uncured shery selection from Trader Joe's this is so good and obviously this isn't the healthiest thing in the world first of all it's processed meat but it is just not the best so you can use like turkey pepperoni in place or you can use chicken or ground beef whatever sounds great for you but just going to use a little bit of this it won't hurt let's make our homemade pizza I'm super excited about putting this in the oven guys oh and I'm going to use a little bit of this Italian bomba sauce cuz it's so spicy and it adds a good T I knew this was going to be hard to open I jinxed myself I was like I'm not going to be able to open this on my own hold on got it open okay she's independent she doesn't need a man guys this looks so good I put in the oven for about 20 minutes at 400° and then I broiled it for about 5 to 10 minutes I was watching it because I wanted the crust to get really crispy but yes I also broiled it for a bit so overall it took around 25 minutes for this to look like so and it looks amazing so be careful cuz it's hot I'm not going to touch that however I do want to shave on some fresh parmesan so we're just going to top on some of this fresh parmesan I like arugula on my pizza so let's add arugula and some hot honey we're going to put our pizza on an actual plate okay yeah I definitely definitely outdid myself with this one I don't really love eating on camera these days that much but I have to share with you guys my raw reaction because this looks so good and it does not look like a protein Pizza I mean look at that it stayed intact like the bottom looks so good like an actual pizza so let's like try this okay first impressions the crust is really good especially on the outside like you can see how like crispy it is but the inside it is a little gummy one thing I would do different is I would make my crust a little flatter so it's not as flat as I would like it to be I would like it a little bit flatter but I would probably cook the crust first a little bit just to get it to my liking before adding the toppings if that makes sense so cook the crust a little bit maybe for like 10 15 minutes maybe pull it out then add the toppings and cook it a little bit more that's probably what I would do next time is this like a pizza crust no but is it still really good yes it's still really good just a look on the inside I probably could have cooked it for a little while longer just a little bit not too much but just a little bit just to get this inside part A Little Less gummy it's not super gummy from 1 to 10 it's probably a three on the gummy scale but still really good I'm not a crust eater do you eat your pizza crust or do you pass I'm definitely a passer I typically give them to MAA youall know she's right here all right guys I'm about to make my favorite chicken recipe with you guys I had the chicken yesterday in a salad but I didn't really show you guys how I make it now if you're not new here you've seen this recipe multiple times okay you're probably over this recipe but I'm not over it okay I love this this is my favorite recipe to come back to when I am falling off track and I just need to bring things back to basics this is basics for me okay this is Basics I want to know what your basic recipe is down below cuz I would love to try some of your tried and true healthy recipes like what helps you get back on track like what helps you bring things back down to earth and get you back into like a healthy flow this is it for me all you need is an onion jalapeno I'm also going to be seasoning it with Cajun and cayenne as well as a Italian bomba sauce from Trader Joe's which is like my favorite it makes everything tastes amazing we used it for our pizza earlier have my chicken here and I'm also going to be using a little bit of chicken broth as well just to make it nice and Saucy and I don't know what I'm going to make with it I'm not sure if I want to do a salad again or if I'm going to make maybe some nachos I just don't know how I feel right now I'm kind of still full from that pizza we're going to see how we feel after the food is made which key tip keeping yourself on a good schedule when it comes to food is really important because it helps you not overeat if that makes sense like eating when you're hungry and not when you're starving makes a big difference love crunchy lettuce okay guys this is my chicken sorry about the lighting the sun's going down but I used quite a bit of it for my salad there's only about like maybe two servings left in here but this is how it looks super juicy so delicious so much flavor and like I said I made myself a little salad this is how it came out looking it looks so good we did lettuce and beans black beans for the fiber of course lettuce for the fiber chicken for the protein cheese for the flavor and tomatoes because I just love tomatoes I just love the cold Taste of tomatoes with like hot chicken and hot beans the contrast is just amazing so this is going to be my dinner I'll probably make Michael maybe a taco later on tonight this is my goto when I literally don't know what else to make but I want to eat something really good this will always get the job done this is my breakfast today again Bland boring I made my eggs super hard today yeah they look crazy this is my first time trying this sausage let me show you guys the Box real quick this is the organic Amy L chicken sausage I got this from Costco it's really great there's about 14 g of protein and this is my first time trying them I had the Amy sausage links the chicken sausage links those were really good we finished those really quickly so now we're on to trying these I'm going to try one of these patties M that's good it tastes like breakfast it has like a hint of sweetness I wasn't expecting to like that taste so much so yeah this is good 100% and these apples these honey crisp apples are the best apples in the world this is only half because I ate the other half while I was cooking I am making literally the quickest lunch these are my seasonings I'm using Cajun cayenne and Blacken seasoning for this recipe this is just going to be basically a shrimp salad so quick can take you less than like 20 minutes to make I love a good little bit of blacken seasoning on my seafood and these over and do the same on the other side so I didn't really put any oil because there's going to be oil in the pan I don't think it's necessary let's go assemble our salad all right guys this is my very fast lunch it looks so delicious first of all this is really really quick I feel like it took me forever cuz I was filming but this should only take you like 20 minutes okay I'm not sure if I'm going to like the apple cider vinegar but actually let me try it let me try it hold on okay guys here we go Bona peti oh yeah that is so good yeah that little makeshift dressing I made you need to make that like absolutely yes so good I'm going to have to go make this again it's a shame cuz this is all the shrimp I have left I'm definitely going to have to go get more shrimp this weekend and make this again cuz this is Bomb you need to make this for lunch I'm going to eat this this is so good these are so little why are they so tiny little snack okay guys so we have a little salmon bowl with coconut rice and some broccoli I love making my rice with coconut milk it gives it such a great flavor if you like coconut rice so this looks pretty planed and boring to jij it up we're going to be adding a little bit of sriracha and this cupy Mayo I I have never tried the C Mayo before I've seen so many people talk about it so I'm super excited about trying this for the first time just going to put a little bit over each part just a little drizzle and then just a little bit of sriracha this looks crazy but I really honestly just love mashing up my salmon and mixing it in with the rice M that's really good it's just been a seafood day so delish this is so good this is my breakfast you know the other day I said my breakfasts aren't that interesting and I lied I make some pretty bomb breakfast this is a little feta egg moment I love feta cheese with eggs it's so good well the new thing I've been doing is cooking my feta with the eggs a little bit of feta with the eggs and then also topping it with the eggs so it's Incorporated throughout we have some toast it's about to be so good n we have a buffalo chicken salad this has my mouth watering I have been craving any type of like buffalo chicken something all week and I just didn't know what I was going to make so we made a salad and I have a little homemade dressing that I don't even really feel like I need cuz the chicken is pretty juicy and buffalo I just like panser the chicken and threw the buffalo sauce on top but I did make a little dressing with Greek yogurt I added a little bit of buffalo sauce Greek yogurt a little bit of mayo some honey to make it a little sweeter and olive oil as well all right we're just going to drizzle a bit of this dressing not too much perfect lunch actually let's try it first before I say that M so good delicious the red onions and the Cucumber pairs so well with the buffalo sauce I don't know what it is but it is so good guys we made it to Friday and I'm so proud of us because first of all we didn't eat out once this week okay we didn't drink any alcohol we didn't have any processed sugars we've just been eating our whole foods for the most part and feeling good and honestly guys this was the reset that I needed I needed this reset so badly I just didn't know how badly I needed it until today cuz I feel amazing my energy levels are so high and would you believe me if I said my period was in the next 4 days yeah it is and I don't even believe that because typically around this time I feel super moody cranky I usually have the worst Cravings I can't get a hold of my diet during this time it's really hard for me and I'm not dealing with that right now and you know I'm I know every ludal phase isn't the same trust me my last ludal phase was bad but really taking grasp of these habits eating healthier making more Whole Foods and stuff like that it really does help alleviate those symptoms for me during the ludal phase and Prem menstration and whatnot so it kind of does help it kind of does help not deal with like the crazy Cravings so anyway cheers to that and cheers to a great week hoping to have another really great week next week actually I'm keeping this going honestly like I want to keep this going I do not want to take any more breaks because it's getting warm out and I've been playing too much and I really want to like just feel good this whole summer so we're going to keep this going we're going to keep these Vibes going so make sure you try some of these recipes if you're in need of like a total like reset and refresh definitely prep some of the stuff you don't have to make every single thing like every single day I definitely was using smaller portions of food so I didn't have a lot of waste but you can make a lot of the stuff in bigger batches and like meal prep for lunch and dinners or even just make your lunches for work and then try some of these recipes for dinner whatever feels great for you honestly but yeah everything was bomb like honestly I did not have a thing this week that I did not like anything that I tried that was new was chef's kiss so definitely recommend all the recipes and the green juice honestly I usually have a green juice day but I ran out of spinach this week so I just now got more spinach and we're back to our green juice day I forgot to put ice in it but it's fine this green juice is great packed with fiber and that's another thing all of these recipes are packed with not only protein but fiber so really great for your digestive and de Health as well let me know if you try any of these recipes let me know if you want to see more of these but if you guys want to see more of these I'll definitely add them to my rotation in my videos and stuff like that so yeah tonight we're probably just going to stay in we don't have any plans thank God I want to keep these Vibes going however I do think we're going to have pizzas tonight I'm going to make homemade pizzas except not the Greek yogurt pizzas we're going to make some regular pizzas and watch paradise and all that good stuff so I'll see you guys in the next video peace out Girl Scout bye thanks for spending the week with me a generous drizzle this is the pizza of my dreams so good so delicious everything honestly everything h

  Top Comments:
  1. @abbybraun1955 [6 likes]: Just found your channel and you are amazing!! I love the way you talk about weight loss and caring for your health in such a compassionate and non-toxic way. So healing!!
  2. @THEREALSKYEG [2 likes]: Nailssss this color looks amazing with your skin !!!!
  3. @mishka831 [1 likes]: 👋Recipes posted anywhere?
  4. @inemandrew3351 [1 likes]: There is always something so satisfying about videos like these. They make the thought of living alone so exciting. Thank you for this. ❤❤
  5. @teedennison3850 [1 likes]: You can use a tall drinking glass to thin the dough out
  6. @Thejennmachine [1 likes]: You’ve inspired me to get back on track and get back into weight loss mode 🙌
  7. @jolishat8094: Can list them out by day
  8. @Kim.2: I like to put my dates in the fridge so they are cold and chewy and dip them in Boars Head chocolate hummus....
  9. @Smousch03: Parbake the crust next time. Give the dough a few stabs with a fork to release air bubbles and bake it for like 10-15 minutes before adding the toppings
  10. @83prettyblack: I Like thos chips in fuego,soo good.
  11. @pinkloading: Am I the only one who actually likes the taste of the strawberry coconut cult? Like it doesn’t bother me at all, I crave it lol
  12. @MRS.SammeK: If you put the cast iron on broil for 10 mins and cure it you could do the dough on it. I have made my pizza like that and it never sticks.
  13. @teeknight4142: My 2yr dtr was pretending to eat your pizza at the end 😅🤣, she said it's hot
  14. @itsnaomipatricia: Hi Janet☺️ thank you for this! Do you have the names of the meals in list form at all that I could refer too please?
  15. @TonishaByrd: I love the food in a week content it is both motivating and practical
  16. @despinadanas97: just found your channel and I'm so happy and excited. I've been struggling for so long and you're wonderful! thank you for sharing everything! And oh my goodness you have a Rottie I have one too . so cute!
  17. @darlenegibson3017: Paradise was an amazing series!
  18. @darlenegibson3017: I love pizza crust, my go to is 2 baked chicken wings and green beans that helped me out big time.
  19. @DeeDee-a29L: Thank you for sharing.
  20. @yolandabrown2702: Where are your recipes?

- EASY High Protein Snacks For Weight Loss | Low Carb | Low Calorie | Healthy: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel I'm Myra&nbsp; from low carb love now for those of you that&nbsp;&nbsp; don't know me I've lost over 100 pounds and&nbsp; I've been maintaining my weight for over 15&nbsp;&nbsp; years so today I want to show you some of&nbsp; the snacks that I've eaten throughout the&nbsp;&nbsp; years that can hopefully help you stay on&nbsp; track while still enjoying little snacks&nbsp;&nbsp; throughout the day okay so I just got my&nbsp; shiming from Thrive and I feel like it's&nbsp;&nbsp; just a great day to make this video because&nbsp; I have everything in my kitchen so come on&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go down there I'm going to show you&nbsp; and show you all this deliciousness [Music] okay so I laid everything out so that you can see&nbsp; everything I ordered from Thrive I don't know if&nbsp;&nbsp; you've heard of Thrive but Thrive is an online&nbsp; membership Market I've been using them for years&nbsp;&nbsp; they're absolutely amazing makes everything super&nbsp; convenient they're delivered straight to my door&nbsp;&nbsp; you're guaranteed a savings I love them because&nbsp; they do carry like a lot of specialty ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; and whether you're vegan keto paleo like they have&nbsp; something for everyone right now they're offering&nbsp;&nbsp; 30% off plus a free gift up to $60 they're&nbsp; absolutely amazing I highly recommend them&nbsp;&nbsp; but I'll leave the link in the description below&nbsp; for you to check them out so let me clear this&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff up so that I can show you some of the snacks&nbsp; that have really helped me not only lose weight&nbsp;&nbsp; but also maintain my weight for over 15 years&nbsp; so remember snacking doesn't have to be boring&nbsp;&nbsp; I love my snacks I love my desserts so I'm going&nbsp; to put some of the things together that I like to&nbsp;&nbsp; snack on throughout the week I'm just is going to&nbsp; um show you something that's like a little more&nbsp;&nbsp; between like a lunch and snack this is just one&nbsp; of my favorites I don't know if you've ever had&nbsp;&nbsp; like a homemade kind of California roll in a bowl&nbsp; so this is how I make my version that's super easy&nbsp;&nbsp; literal tuna can so first things first I just&nbsp; add my tuna now you can also make it kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; like Ceviche style where you add a little bit of&nbsp; tomato cilantro onion lemon juice but but I really&nbsp;&nbsp; like it like a like I mentioned like a California&nbsp; roll so I do a little light mail a little bit of sriracha the tuna doesn't have salt so I add a&nbsp; little bit of salt and pepper and then just give&nbsp;&nbsp; this a good little mix so this here is a little&nbsp; tuna salad and it is loaded with protein so one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the things that I always think about like even&nbsp; with snacks is like how is this snack going to&nbsp;&nbsp; nourish my body so even if it's chips I still make&nbsp; sure that I'm putting some type of nutrients in my&nbsp;&nbsp; body I also think protein I also think healthy&nbsp; fats because protein and healthy fats are going&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep you feeling satiated love me my little&nbsp; seaweed so this is sometimes like my little this&nbsp;&nbsp; is like more of a mini lunch or something like&nbsp; that I also love to add a little bit of kimchi&nbsp;&nbsp; or Ginger kimchi is really really good for your&nbsp; your gut in case you didn't know so put that&nbsp;&nbsp; right here on the side and this here is a very&nbsp; nutritious little healthy snack so we have our&nbsp;&nbsp; tuna salad a little bit of seaweed and then our&nbsp; kimchi what I like to do is just grab kimchi grab&nbsp;&nbsp; my little seaweed and then just kind of like&nbsp; a little taco or little burrito but that's it cheers m to me it tastes like I'm having like a&nbsp; little Sushi it's so quick to make you saw me just&nbsp;&nbsp; literally throw everything in there and this is&nbsp; still just a snack it's 130 calories I added some&nbsp;&nbsp; light mail Sriracha you know this entire plate&nbsp; is less than 200 calories versus having like a&nbsp;&nbsp; little mini protein bar that you're still going&nbsp; to feel hungry you're not going to feel like you&nbsp;&nbsp; just had like food you get what I'm saying so I&nbsp; always think like how can I feel satiated How can&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel like I like more satisfied and this to me&nbsp; is better like this is a better snack than having&nbsp;&nbsp; just like a little protein bar don't get me wrong&nbsp; sometimes I have protein bars when I'm on the run&nbsp;&nbsp; but this right here in my book just sits like&nbsp; a lot better with me okay so another really big&nbsp;&nbsp; snacky item chips now here's the thing about chips&nbsp; chips are usually made with horrible oils okay and&nbsp;&nbsp; I say horrible because they are literally horrible&nbsp; for our gut now now I say this all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's the truth 70% of our immune system&nbsp; lives in our gut so if you are having issues all&nbsp;&nbsp; over you know just with different whether it's&nbsp; inflammation or bloating like you really need&nbsp;&nbsp; to focus on your gut and a huge Factor are seed&nbsp; oils so like soybean oil grape seed oil sunflower&nbsp;&nbsp; canola vegetable all of those oils are super&nbsp; inflammatory and a lot of the chips that you see&nbsp;&nbsp; out there whether they're like Doritos or lays or&nbsp; whatever are all made with those oils so there's&nbsp;&nbsp; very very very few companies that are frying&nbsp; their chips or making their chips with avocado&nbsp;&nbsp; oil or olive oil sometimes it'll say it but if&nbsp; you look at the ingredients you will see that&nbsp;&nbsp; there are other oils so these chips that I grab on&nbsp; Thrive are from C these are made with avocado oil&nbsp;&nbsp; which is of course a healthy oil that is not going&nbsp; to cause inflammation in our gut these are great&nbsp;&nbsp; I also love these little broccoli fettes I like&nbsp; the broccoli I like the shashido peppers um you&nbsp;&nbsp; can grab all of those as well for me personally&nbsp; I still eat them but for sure this is more of a&nbsp;&nbsp; treat like this is not something that I'm eating&nbsp; daily but if I am eating them then I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; pair it with a dip that has healthy fat so like&nbsp; this here bitching sauce if you've been following&nbsp;&nbsp; me for a while you know this is one of my favorite&nbsp; sauces it is made with almonds so almonds are a&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy fat so when I eat these together or I eat&nbsp; these together it actually just makes me feel nice&nbsp;&nbsp; and satiated for about a couple hours because&nbsp; of the fat and then remember these are also made&nbsp;&nbsp; with avocado oil so you also have the healthy fats&nbsp; that these chips are fried in and remember pair it&nbsp;&nbsp; with something fatty like something like avocado&nbsp; almonds cheese something of that nature because&nbsp;&nbsp; that'll just keep you full a little longer and&nbsp; um then we also have our salsa that just makes&nbsp;&nbsp; it nice and spicy and it just tastes delicious&nbsp; now another thing that I absolutely love to eat&nbsp;&nbsp; and love to make is little mini shuder boards so&nbsp; olives healthy fats mixed nuts and then I also&nbsp;&nbsp; love um to include my protein so you can't have&nbsp; a Sherie board without some type of protein right&nbsp;&nbsp; whether it's like salami or turkey so I like&nbsp; adding little beef sticks because AI you have&nbsp;&nbsp; more protein these are lean so you figure you're&nbsp; adding two then you're up to 8 g of protein you&nbsp;&nbsp; have some nuts that have 6 g of protein so when&nbsp; I do a sh cudie board I'm thinking protein fats&nbsp;&nbsp; because that's what's going to keep me full the&nbsp; longest and I love meat cheese olives all this&nbsp;&nbsp; together sometimes I add a little bit of chocolate&nbsp; because I mean you know you have a lot of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Savory salty and then a little sweet not only is&nbsp; this low carb high in protein great healthy fats&nbsp;&nbsp; a snack like this will keep you nice and full&nbsp; for hours whether you're watching a movie or&nbsp;&nbsp; you're just kind of hanging out or you're having&nbsp; like a girl dinner you know you hear people talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about it all the time this is like the perfect&nbsp; girl dinner so if I wanted to throw something&nbsp;&nbsp; else in there I'm telling you it would just be&nbsp; a little sweet component but this right here is literally everything in life right here one little&nbsp; board now I came up with this snacky idea on a day&nbsp;&nbsp; where I didn't have much to eat and I was like&nbsp; okay again protein I want something that's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep me nice and full but I still wanted it&nbsp; to be nice and tasty and super easy because I&nbsp;&nbsp; was like you know I'm always kind of on the go&nbsp; go go now don't be afraid of jalapenos I know&nbsp;&nbsp; you're probably like no I cannot take spice so&nbsp; what I do depending on my mood cuz sometimes I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not really in the mood for something spicy I take&nbsp; this completely out okay so let me just take this&nbsp;&nbsp; little vein out okay so I took out the seeds&nbsp; from the Jalapeno seeds and veins just to be&nbsp;&nbsp; on the safe side then I like to stuff it with a&nbsp; little bit of chicken or deli meat or whatever I&nbsp;&nbsp; have on hand right and then healthy fats avocado&nbsp; is always my go-to because they are super healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; and um they give a creaminess to any dish so&nbsp; sometimes like if you don't want to use may&nbsp;&nbsp; you can to totally use avocado in replacement of&nbsp; mayo and then I'm going to add a sauce because&nbsp;&nbsp; I usually like to do Sriracha mustard a little&nbsp; um cilantro sauce right now I have the buffalo&nbsp;&nbsp; ranch this one is from Primal also very clean&nbsp; ingredients but then I just you can do a dip&nbsp;&nbsp; you know if you want to just dip your little&nbsp; Halo but if not just do like a little drizzle&nbsp;&nbsp; okay I'm going to be honest this is just one I&nbsp; will for sure I would eat like three of these&nbsp;&nbsp; okay but this is just an example of how I put&nbsp; it together I eat this again Protein healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; fats super delicious nice and crunchy so I'm like&nbsp; a texture girl as well so you get the crunch from&nbsp;&nbsp; the jalapeno you get the protein so you have that&nbsp; substance and then the creaminess from the avocado&nbsp;&nbsp; plus that little sauce on top just takes it over&nbsp; the top and this is a delicious little snack that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can feel good about eating you're going to&nbsp; nourish your body body and I feel like it's just&nbsp;&nbsp; like a fun little kind of like finger foods you&nbsp; know what I mean now for my snacky snacks like&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the stuff that I literally will only have&nbsp; once in a while I don't know about you I've always&nbsp;&nbsp; been a huge popcorn fan now these little guys&nbsp; right here I'll be honest I will at least have&nbsp;&nbsp; two of these for sure the good thing about these&nbsp; 50 calories and only five carbs so I love lesser&nbsp;&nbsp; evil because they are made with coconut oil not&nbsp; like a seed oil like canola soybeans sunflower any&nbsp;&nbsp; of that and then you already know C super clean&nbsp; ingredients Ceta is always made with avocado oil&nbsp;&nbsp; I can guarantee that so super clean ingredients&nbsp; cassava flour coconut sugar these are also not&nbsp;&nbsp; super low in carbs but they are super clean and&nbsp; then we also have chocolates because let's be&nbsp;&nbsp; real chocolate is delicious and I know there's&nbsp; some people that don't don't like chocolate and&nbsp;&nbsp; like for the life of me I cannot understand it but&nbsp; hey it is what it is and I love Hugh chocolates&nbsp;&nbsp; Hue is one of the cleanest Brands out there and&nbsp; this is a milk chocolate six ingredients to make&nbsp;&nbsp; a whole chocolate bar that is right up my alley&nbsp; that is speaking to my heart and my soul I love&nbsp;&nbsp; these hunks these are chocolate covered cashews&nbsp; same scenario super super clean so whenever I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; doing movie night I'm going into the pantry&nbsp; that has all the goodies great for when you&nbsp;&nbsp; have friends and family over and you guys are just&nbsp; like sitting down talking chatting it's also just&nbsp;&nbsp; like a good little snack to bring out for the fam&nbsp; that is also nutritious and healthy but for the&nbsp;&nbsp; most part like I like to serve the people that I&nbsp; love and the people that I care for healthy clean&nbsp;&nbsp; Foods as well because yeah I just feel kind of&nbsp; guilty to be honest with you so these are pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; much the snacks that I have made that I have&nbsp; snacked on over the years all the way up until&nbsp;&nbsp; now that have helped me not only lose the weight&nbsp; but also maintained it for the past 15 years so&nbsp;&nbsp; I hope it was helpful for you if you like this&nbsp; video make sure you hit that like button don't&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to hit the little bell notification so that&nbsp; you're reminded every time I post a video and if&nbsp;&nbsp; you have friends and family that you think these&nbsp; videos would be really helpful please share share&nbsp;&nbsp; my channel share this video because you never&nbsp; know you never know it might be really helpful&nbsp;&nbsp; for them but thank you so much for being here&nbsp; I love you and I will see you on my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @tonyspencer9350 [3 likes]: You're a smart lady. I didn't consume as much as you are showing, but I needed to lose 80 pounds before my daughter's wedding. I averaged around 800 calories a day, about 85g of carbs, and kept myself in a constant state of ketosis. I succeeded in my goal. My doctor was very impressed. A four-month diet.
  2. @sosaadanks [2 likes]: THE WAY MY JAW DROPPED when yu said the tuna snack was 130 calories!
  3. @theresaarambula: i think she portion controls more then anything because tuna was processed chips regardless of oils is processed so she must eat light n workout
  4. @bnb5fgsd: This made my day better.
  5. @nam-q1i: This content is very useful.
  6. @nicolasmuriel8518: This is a commercial not a recommendation...
  7. @jsilly14: you mentioned that grapeseed oil is inflammatory and then one of the next foods you recommended (the bitchin' sauce) has grapeseed oil in it... lol but i do agree siete chips are awesome and have been a great replacement for me.
  8. @radiumlyte: these are keto friendly foods.  I use siete taco seasoning b/c it doesn't have maltodextrin in it like the other brands do.  thanks for sharing!
  9. @kyliemay3156: I would make up that tuna salad and put it on cauliflower rice
  10. @pattigavagan9333: I love seaweed . I need to buy some Kimichi for it
  11. @patcummings6950: Heard Thrive and decided to pass.  Looking for snacks to make without spending a bunch of bucks.
  12. @fishmut: I just don’t get why people still got to add crappy sauces and fake flavours to healthy dishes , and people say these are healthy weight lose foods with crap added , just my 2 cents worth , I see it in many video on you tube.
  13. @आवारा-ज8ण: Shame u lost all that weight 😔 now its nothing there to grab onto 😔
  14. @taniacancel7350: Phenomenal video thanks Bella!!!
  15. @ameliastelmach148: Just dont snack! Its simple
  16. @Amansharma-v6: I struggled with weight gain until I found the best: Alpino Rolled Oats and peanut butter! High protein helps me build muscle, while fiber helps me maintain weight. Delicious, with no added sugar. @alpinohealthfoods Perfect for tasty weight loss!
  17. @deeppicturexyzofficial: Alpino's chocolate oats and peanut butter are the best. The fiber keeps my digestion happy, and they keep me full with good protein intake. Plus, they're ridiculously delicious without added sugar. Perfect for anyone craving tasty weight loss!
  18. @devanshgotmare8166: I recently tried @alpinohealthfoods Rolled Oats and Peanut Butter, and it changed my weight loss game! Packed with protein, fiber, and deliciousness, they're the perfect solution for anyone wanting to lose weight without giving up taste.
  19. @DecoYT-96: Alpino's chocolate oats and peanut butter are the best. The fiber keeps my digestion happy, and they keep me full with good protein intake. Plus, they're ridiculously delicious without added sugar. Perfect for anyone craving tasty weight loss!
@alpinohealthfoods
  20. @ashleyquinsay9523: I recently came across your channel, and have recently subscribed. Thank you for new inspiration and snack ideas as I try to navigate away from seed oils and excessive added sugars.