- Living Alone Diaries | What I Eat in a Day (simple & easy meals to cook): Kind: captions Language: ko (좋은 아침입니다) (항상 제 옆에 있더라고요 ㅋㅋ) (아파트 바닥에 있는 온 갖 먼지랑 털을 닦는 중입니다) 여러분 좋은 아침입니다! 오늘은 What I Eat In A Day 찍으려고 해요 오랜만에 찍는 것 같은데 자 그럼 시작은 아침 밥입니다 (아침 밥) (명란젓) (어란을 빼는 중) (배 꼬로록 소리) 앗 내 배 (좋아하시는 야채를 고르시고) (아보카도) (공으로 만들어진 명란젓) (계란후라이) (참기름 & 참깨로 마무리) 아주 간단한 아침 밥입니다 많은 요리를 필요하지 않는 음식입니다 저한테 명란젓은 아직 새로워요 이전에 구매 했었는데 어떻게 먹는지 몰랐는데 일본 갔을 때 이거 주셨어요 그때 아침... 뭐라 그러지 뷔페 그 때 부터 중독 됐어요 항상 앉아서 뭐 볼 지 결정하기 전에도 음식을 다 먹어요.. (밥 한 스쿱 더.. ㅎㅎ) 체리 토마토를 빼 놓고 있었다는 거를 이제서야 깨달았네요 ㅋㅋㅋ 실패야.. 딸기 우유를 만들거에요 (베이킹 소다로 과일 깨끗하게 씻기) 블랙베리는 나중에~ (설탕 조금 넣어줘요! 다 그냥 눈으로 하고 있어요 :)) 어떤 컵을 쓸까요? 이게 더 우유 잔 같이 생겼네요 (원하시는 우유로!) 우리 딸기 우유 이렇게 생겼습니다! 귀여워요! 나쁘지 않아! 마지막으로! 이쯤이면 여러분들이 '미셸 드디어 아침 밥이 끝나는거니?' 하실테지만 ㅎ 요거트 바크 만들건데요 이건 나중에 먹을거에요 근데 지금 만들어야 해요 (달달함을 위해서 그릭 요거트에 꿀 넣어주세요. 저는 꿀이 다 떨어졌어요 :() 블랙베리 넣어주고요 (토핑에 오레오 & 그라놀라 넣었어요. 좋아하시는 걸로 넣어주세요!) 냉동실에 넣어주면 나중에 먹을거예요!~ 이제 아침 밥이 끝났어요 (빠르고 짧은 아파트 쇼잉 갔어요) (근처에 누가 있었게요) 아파트 쇼잉 갔다왔는데 너무 마음에 들어서 제안을 넣고 서류를 보내드려야 할 것 같아요 (점심) 배고 너무 고파서 점심을 해 먹을건데요 쌈 만들거예요 (야채들을 몇 초간 물에 끓여줍니다. 저는 콜라드 야채들 선택했어요!) (갈은 쇠고기) (참기름이랑 참깨 같이 넣어줄게요!) 잠시 옆에 두고 있을게요 리거는 저희가 필요할 재료들입니다 (참기름) (마늘) (된장) (고추장) (물 넣어줍니다) (찌개 보다 살짝 두껍게 유지합니다!) (두부) (줄기를 짤라주고) 오늘의 점심입니다! 오늘 처음 만들어 본 거예요! 도비 밥 계속 달라하면 사람들이 내가 너한테 밥을 안 주는 줄 아셔! 여기 포인트는 쌈을 한 입 사이즈로 만들면 될 것 같아요 (쌈 추가요!) (운동 수업 들었어요!) (너무 힘들었어요!) 비 내렸었는데 조금 맑아져서 운동 하고 왔어요 씻고 깨끗해졌는데 배가 고파요 근데 저녁 먹기가 아직 시간이 일러서 그래서 일찍 저녁을 먹을거예요 일저! ㅎ (일저) 제가 생각했을 때 고수는 사람들이 냄새나 맛을 진짜 싫어하더라고요 오이도 마찬가지고요 저 같은 경우엔 귤 냄새를 못 견뎌요 진짜 안돼요. (얇은 소고기를 물에 끓여줍니다) (세라노 고추 + 빨간 고추) 고춧가루 한국에서 온 아이! (귤 소스 + 흑식초) (매우 뜨러운 기름) 고수 (재료 조절. 간장도 조금 넣었습니다!) 이것은 빠르고 간단한 우리 일저 ^^ 이 음식 아마 자주 찾을 것 같아요 약간 아주 길고 힘든 하루 끝에 먹기 좋은 음식인 것 같아요 일이나 학교 끝나고 집 오는데 화나고 배고플 때! 5분안에 끝나면서 빠르고 맛있는 음식을 먹을 수 있습니다! 잘 먹었습니다! 이제 간식 줄게 새로운 장기를 배웠어요 엎드려! 뒤로 가! 엎드려 손 반대 손 오늘은 야채를 조금 더 먹을거예요 (저녁) 이건 재료들이고요 저는 샐러드를 좋아하지 않고요.. 좋아하고 싶은데 한 번도 먹고싶다는 생각이 안 들어서 제 다이어트에 이런식으로 야채랑 같이 먹어요 이거는 아무 야채를 고르셔서 깻잎, 팽이버섯 이건 뭔지 모르겠어요 (맛술) (원하시는 디핑 소스를 만들어줘요!) 내려 가 잘 먹겠습니다 저희 엄마가 반찬을 보내주셨는데 이 양념 계란 너무 좋아요 골파 넣었던 것 같은데 다른 거 넣었나 봐요 이건 너무 딱딱해서 빼야 할 것 같아요 이제는 요거트 바크를 먹어 볼 시간~ 맛 보기!

  Top Comments:
  1. @AbbasPIQ [1 likes]: I love this video
  2. @AbbasPIQ [1 likes]: ❤
  3. @mehak_shorts860 [1 likes]: pura din khana haii bss😢😢!!
  4. @Bookish-Gull1171 [1 likes]: https://youtube.com/shorts/bPo4hMJiPqc?si=O073oDZt6YyOECGe
  5. @BoesCinelli: I like how everything was put together.
  6. @kcpauz: Can you also show us at what time of the day you eat, so that we can follow a health diet pattern.
  7. @dr.kritikasahai: I have started vloging what I eat in a day 😊
  8. @hafsaali1577: she looks like true beauty main female character
  9. @ArabellaFetuih: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  10. @phuongthaodayofficial: nice and chill video 🎉 you inspire me to build my channel😊
  11. @adeelshahid4656: My name is minahil . My friend banoo gei
  12. @Pandurang-r2l: TIRED ON EVERYONE I DON'T WANT  SALARY DON'T WANT BOSS GOING WITH OFF WHEN THERE IS NO TRUE GIVING IF I AM TRYING HERE IT'S COME YOU DO IT YOU LOVE SOMETHING LIKE THIS
  13. @IshaqKhan-m1x6q: 😂😂😂😂😂😂❤❤❤
  14. @shrashtitiwari307: Just wanted to let you know that whenever I eat something and don’t know what to watch, I end up watching your vlogs.
  15. @SarahAnnie-e3e: Smart doggy!!
  16. @taoquan7541: 🦅   I wish you lots of luck and peace in 2026…❤
  17. @يارب_نوره_تنجح: 5:5
سوت دولمه عراقيه 😂❤
  18. @subahanislam8831: ❤❤
  19. @frishmir8708: omg all the time she is eating
  20. @Dragon_Danger: Literally like my day routine there is me and my food..!🤣

- what I EAT in a busy week in NYC | high protein & balanced recipes: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] good morning it is 9:00 a.m. and I went to so late last night because I was finishing up a video but the video is done we have a lot of work to do today we are here because I filming a what I eat in a week video show you guys some recent recipes that I've been eating a lot of that I've been enjoying especially that it's the end of summer we have some really good produce right now so let's make some breakfast and move on with the day and hopefully we'll come up with some fun things to eat to inspire you to enjoy the last few summer weeks recently I've been kind of uninspired with breakfast so my most frequented meal in the last few weeks has been a mix of scrambled eggs with different ingredients so today we've got a combination of chopped up chives and some feta cheese I also fried up some turkey bacon on the side and for the eggs it's really easy to mix in anything pretty much you put the scrambled eggs in the pan and then I topped it up with the chopped chives and then once the eggs were almost done I added the feta cheese and I turned off the heat and just kind of mix it all in together so the feta cheese melts a little bit and incorporates into the eggs well then we plated everything I toasted some bread I've been really into the sedy toast from Trader Joe's topped it up with some cream cheese and tomatoes because this is just the ultimate toast combination in my opinion always salt your tomatoes and that was pretty much breakfast usually for breakfast you'll see in this video I have a rotation of different meals that I make and it's usually something that has to do with scrambled eggs and something on the side or I do a yogurt bowl with some fruit and some my favorite granola that I make myself or I do a protein pancake so you'll probably see some of those in the video coming up and sometimes I'm left feeling a little craving for something sweet and this time I made another cream cheese toast with that CD bread but topped it up with some peaches and a little drizzle of honey and it was so good and fresh and really hit the spot for um a little something sweet after breakfast but my video is live my thumbnail turned out way better than I expected somehow I always figure it out but um I am going to head outside real quick I need to get a few things from Sephora because I just kind of like ran out of skin care so going to go to Sephora I also got to pick up some packages on the way we're going to either make lunch or get lunch we still have so much to do and it is what time is it like 1:00 p.m. anyways but let's head out move along with the date hello again it's time to make lunch and I've been wanting to make this carrot salad recipe it is a Raw carrot salad that I've seen all over my Instagram and everybody's reaction is to make me want to try it so we're going to try it today I got some carrots specifically for this we're starting off with some chicken thighs that I seasoned with my usual Trader Joe's onion salt that I use on most of my proteins a little extra salt cuz I don't find it salty enough and some black pepper and I cooked the chicken thighs in a pan nothing crazy nothing special but the star of the show is this carrot salad so I started off by first washing the carrots and then also peeling the outer layer before I actually started making ribbons out of the carrots and I just use the same peeler and I found that it really helps putting it on some type of surface to help you support the carrot I also chopped up some green onion to go into the salad later I did a combination of different sauces I followed one of the recipes I found online all the ingredients and measurements and everything will be listed Down Below in a description for you guys but this came together quite quickly I would say the most timeconsuming part was ribboning the carrots especially cuz I did quite a lot of them and then you mix in everything you add a good amount of sesame seeds if you like I like a lot of them and I always toss a salad with my hands because I feel like it gets the salad dressed the best way possible and then we plated everything but here we are first taste no it is really good it's very refreshing pretty easy to make a little bit time time consuming in terms of like slicing the carrots it's actually really good hello everyone I just am having a snack right now this is a yellow kiwi I've never had a yellow kiwi until yesterday for the first time and you know I'm a person that eats pretty much everything there are very few things that I do not like but keywe were one of those things that I just was like I'm not really like I don't really get it it's like not really that good and it kind of like hurts my mouth a little bit and uh I don't know and then I went to Trader Joe's the other day I saw these kiwis and now I like Q's like what is that especially the yellow one I don't know how different the yellow one is I think this is like sweeter than the green one yeah the green one is like more sour more sour but I'm a kiwi gal now all in one bite M it's so like refreshing so good like to drinking water M so good reporting live from the lower e side we also I mean I look like my face is wet because it is 90° at 8:00 p.m. I don't know what's going on but we're on the lower e side we are waiting it's actually 86 oh it's oh excuse Mo it is 86 and we're waiting for some burritos at this new place called sael North on the Lower East Side I saw it on my Instagram a few days ago and it looked amazing but unfortunately they're sold out of the carne aada so we got a chicken one and a shrimp one so we shall see but they look incredible they look like the the tortilla looks crazy so okay the burrito's here I'm trying to not be like hella cringe right now anyways cheers this is the shrimp it's so fresh has yet to try his it's got a nice spice it's good as I was just explaining earlier this breakfast we are having protein pancakes but I decided to make them more kind of like a Swedish pancake where they're a little bit flapper and bigger and thinner and we're going to serve them with some cherry compost Cherry sauce so I got the cherries in a pan with a little bit of sugar and they're just cooking and reducing and getting nice and soft and then for the protein pancakes I used the buttermilk protein pancake mix from Trader Joe's and I just added more liquid to make them thinner and I also put together a little yogurt maple syrup and lemon zest mix it all together and layered each pancake one on top of the other we did pancake yogurt on top a little bit of that cherry compost then another pancake yogurt and so on this was made on a whim I've never had this recipe before and it was crazy Goode M oh my God I honestly didn't expect it to be this good the biggest thing here is the lemon zest and the yogurt M I just got ready I finished refiling what I needed to refilm from yesterday I'm going to a coffee shop one of my favorite coffee shops to work at in Brooklyn and I'm meeting my friend Carolina they have one of my favorite lunch salads of all time I have to edit what I filmed earlier and I also need to get started on editing my friend Brenda's wedding video that I filmed for them but yeah let's head out as I mentioned this is probably one of my favorite salads and bowls for lunch and unfortunately it is their summer grain Bowl so it is limited edition and it's probably going to get off the menu soon so I decided that I'm going to recreate it for you guys and for myself so that I can make it again I sliced up a few little Tomatoes I also had these garlic black pepper almonds so I gave those a rough chop as well since they have almonds in their recipe I cooked up some farro which is really easy it takes 10 minutes and added in some pesto and mix it into the Faro which is pretty much how I assume that they make theirs I would probably wait to cool off the Faro mine was still hot and then we plated everything I took some crispy greens and added this vinegret that I had made in my fridge added the pesto Faro added some of those tomatoes and then they also have marinated watermelon in the recipe I don't know what it's marinated in so I just added plain old cubed watermelon that I cut up a few days ago topped the green salad with some feta I made some random chicken that I seasoned very simply and just tore it up into little pieces added the almonds and that's pretty much the recipe and let me tell you it turned out pretty close to the original and I will definitely be repeating this recipe hi friends update it is now 8:00 p.m. you got to tell me when I'm going to be on camera it's all about being candid okay Yoni is going to the store because we need a cheddar I am uh I've been working all all day literally just now I put my computer away excuse me we've been working we've been working but I am about to make what has been one of our savior SL repeat meals because it's so good it's so satisfying it's so filling and nourishing and everything and it's not even groundbreaking it is steak taco bowls or burrito bowls or whatever you want to call them but it's basically steak with fajita vegetables rice I'm going to make a Pico Deo avocado cheddar sour cream just the works everything in a big bowl and you just go to town so that's exactly what I needan right now and that's what we're going to make this is nothing crazy a pretty straightforward recipe that I have been constantly making for Yoni and I on evenings where we just want to eat good and want a meal to come together quickly so I am slicing up some some bell peppers I usually like to have a mix of colors but I only had orange also sliced up some onion and then I actually bought specifically some grass-fed beef that was already sliced and sprinkled some taco seasoning on top and I like to do this before putting it in the pan I tried both methods and I feel like this one gets the beef better flavor and better charring and then I cooked everything in separate pans so it Cooks a little bit faster and while those were on the stove I started making my Pico Deo which was just some roughly chopped Red Onion also roughly chopped tomatoes and some cilantro I Like My Salsa or payo very chunky especially for this recipe and don't forget very important you have to use lime juice not lemon a little bit of salt and olive oil then I combined the beef and the vegetables together so the vegetables also get that flavor and plated my bowl I did a little bit of white rice at the bottom put on that steak and the vegetables added some black beans straight out of the can some cheddar cheese I add a lot of the Pico Deo also added some avocado and some sour cream it's so good and it's perfect for meal prepping as well my little bowl I load this baby up good been eating these like on repeat it's been a core meal for us M good morning another gloomy day today calls for a cozy breakfast okay that is Savory a palenta breakfast bowl I've made palenta bowls many many times before in these videos but this was a new combination we are boiling two eggs soft boil 7 minutes we also are frying up some turkey bacon and we're making the palenta I make the palenta a single serving in the microwave because it's just way easier a cup of water to 1/4 cup of palenta and you mix it in and you cook it for about 5 minutes and then you take it out and mix it then you put it back in if it needs more time I like to mix some cheddar cheese or some type of cheese in my palenta and it kind of makes it a little bit of a grits Vibe then I basically play everything this comes together so quickly especially because the eggs and the turkey bacon are cooking on their own and then you make the penta everything comes together so fast I chopped up the turkey bacon into little bits so it's easier to eat in the bowl I also added some feta and some chopped chives always remember to put salt and pepper on top of your boiled eggs it's all the difference and then on a whim I decided to add some of this Trader Joe's hot honey sauce and it was a game Cher guys this is one of the best ones I've ever made it's so simple it's so good and The Game Changer this Chada Joe's spicy honey sauce wow I randomly decided to put this on and I was a little bit skeptical that it might not be good but it is amazing I just got my bag all packed up I'm going to go grab a coffee real quick and go work from the conference room downstairs I have to edit the wedding video have to get that done there's a lot of footage that I got to go through but I'm just not comfortable like doing it in our apartment cuz like we don't have stools yet and it's just not that comfortable to like be on the couch the whole time especially cuz we don't have a table that works we're also going to have to record the podcast at some point today we were going to record it on a Wednesday and today is Friday so we didn't do that it's just we're trying to pre-record uh 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Eight Episodes before we leave for our trip which is in basically a week and a half so for lunch we are making a nissis salad or at least a version of it we're starting off by quickly pick l in some red onion sliced it added it to a jar mated it with a good amount of salt poured in a good amount of vinegar and some hot water and the hot water is a must instead of cold water because it will help break down the onion and pickle it faster then I got some asparagus going in a pan to just Sizzle it and cook it down a little bit and then I made this red wine vinegret again all the measurements and everything are going to be listed in the description for you to follow this vinegret is the first time that I made it and it was so good simple pretty basic stuff that I think everyone has in their fridge anyways and if you make a bigger amount you can have it in the fridge and just use it on different things throughout the week and then I plated everything on a bed of crispy lettuce topped it off with the asparagus some boiled potatoes the red onion and some flaky tuna this tuna is specifically that comes in a jar called tanino I think this is a must because that tuna quality is incredible and then drizzled on top some of that red wine vinegret just made lunch I tried to recreate the salad that I had when we went to Seattle is a kind of like a nissis salad I had a really good one when we went to Seattle so I was craving that little bite of everything m m that's actually really good good morning and happy Saturday we are going to make breakfast I have some leftover rice I have some kimchi I have eggs we are going to make some kimchi fried rice I mean you know is it fried rice or do I just call it fried rice that is to be determined by other people that know how to make proper fried rice but this what I call it because it's like you want to make it with leftover rice you fry it up in a pan so you know that's just this recipe is really simple straightforward and I love it I can't believe I haven't talked about this recipe before cuz I used to make it all the time but you take a good amount of kimchi however much your heart desires and give it a good chop I like mine pretty small and then you just cook it in a pan with a little bit of sesame oil for that extra flavor and you let it basically sweat out the water and get a little bit crispy and get a little bit cooked and then you add your leftover rice cook that in mix it all in and then you're going to add some scrambled eggs and push everything to the side and let the scrambled eggs scramble on their own before you mix it in with the rest of the before you mix it in with the rest of the rice and I also drizzle in a little bit of tamari or soy sauce whatever you prefer you add it in a bowl topped it up with a little bit of green onion and I like to add a good heaping amount of fresh kimchi on top this is a great kimchi recipe to get in all of your probiotics nice and early in the morning I just got ready I am going to to bike over to Manhattan and I think I want to go to laaba I've been meaning to have some time to continue reading my book that I started last week and I just like haven't had the time so I'm going to bike over and I just really want to find a good spot to read for a little bit how are you today I got a coffee I got an iced cappuccino with regular milk and I made my way to Union Square Market because the farmers market is happening today and um I actually want to get a few things for lunch from when we go back home but for now got two things one I've had before and it was surprisingly so good like I got it on a whim because I needed to spend $5 to pay with card in one place and I got this almond partom little cake and I also got this little plum tart that's like such a delicate flavor that's so good that is so good I'm going to try to like recreate this wow that's really good so yon is on his way to meet me here and then we'll go home together um but I wanted to grab some bread some cheese and some tomatoes for lunch because I'm really craving something specific and we're at the farmers market we got to get the good tomatoes we definitely have like tomatoes from two different vendors I got some very beautifully aged cheddar I love a good sharp aged cheddar this is really good kind of creamy not too hard so it's going to be perfect then I got some sourdough look at this beauty we're going to be making my favorite Fried Tomato cheddar toast this is one of my favorite things to make in the summer and it's so easy and I can't believe I haven't made it yet cuz I've just been so busy it was another one of those things on my list but all you have to do is get some good crispy fresh bread it has to be you drizzle some olive oil in a pan and you toast the bread on both sides until it gets nice and toasty and brown then you rub a garlic clove all over the bread to give it that garlicky taste I like a lot on mine but do what works for you and then we crumbled that cheddar put it on top we sliced those beautiful tomatoes I like a thick slice the thicker the better in my opinion added a little bit of salt a little bit of pepper and decided to also add some chopped chives since they were just in my fridge me you have seen prettier toasts because I would not believe you m it's just perfect we just got ready to go have dinner and we were going to cook at home I was going to make a whole recipe a whole but then this happened and we're going to go celebrate I reached 500,000 subscribers today um I don't want to be that person that's like oh my God thank you so much but also like if you're watching this whenever you're watching it I appreciate you if you subscribed if you've watched even one video even clicked on one video didn't even watch it I still appreciate you um um and I mean this is crazy cuz y was just telling me that he somewhere has a screenshot of my profile when I only had 100 subscribers my first video on YouTube was on September 18th 2020 so September of this year coming up I will literally have done this for 4 years which is crazy so I'm just really appreciative and uh we're going to go get some food to eat a little bite and then drink some wine and yeah just have a little moment of gratitude and how do we feel about how do we feel about these summer sandals these ones with socks for for like fall I don't know about it but it's dark so nobody can see it anyways the only thing I want to say is that I'm super proud of you and I will find that picture and I think it's in my phone where you have like 100 subscribers I remember we were watching it oh we were watching it go from 99 to 100 yes it's crazy I'm going to have to find that yeah well well here we are guys here we are guys he for breakfast this morning I was feeling a little bit lazy and I just wanted something simple so I had some cherries going in a pan with a little bit of maple syrup to make that same sauce and then scooped some yogurt into a bowl added the stewed up warmed up cherries on top some days are just simple like this and I don't make anything too complicated or fancy or complex especially because I wanted to get out of the house and go grab a little treat this is my Sunday ritual I just got to Domino Park here in Williamsburg after going to Greenpoint to stop at Radio Bakery and I got a ham and butter baguette it's actually kind of hot right now but it also feels like it's about to rain and I'm pretty sure it's going to rain so I'm not going to be here for too long but this view do you see it that's I love this park so much it's like right by the water and it's so nice and quiet I'm just going to eat my sandwich and um read my book for a little bit if I can find a spot and finally for dinner we are making some Japanese sweet potatoes just puncture the skin with a fork wrap it up in a tin foil and then you put it at 450° for about an hour so I got started on those early and then when they were ready I started making some steak for Yoni and I that's not all for me I seasoned it with some random seasonings cooked it about you know medium medium rare and I started making a little green salad with that same dressing that I had in my fridge I love a crispy green salad makes for the perfect side especially when you have stronger in flavor items like steak and sweet potatoes and I also decided to make a little Bara and tomato plate and then we plated everything I like to mash up my sweet potato a little bit and then add some butter on top and it melts into the potato more and always add salt and pepper to the sweet potato because it's so sweet it needs that balance but then I decided to go crazy and add that hot honey from Trader Joe's right on top and that's pretty much it for this video this meal was a 10 out of 10 always hits the spot let me know if you guys try any of the recipes um excuse my reactions I'm always so extra but I just love food so much I hope you guys enjoyed this video and end up making some of these recipes and I'll see you guys next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliazaita [814 likes]: couldn't be more grateful for 500K of youuuuu 🤭💗 just happy to still be here sharing my life and things I love with you all !!
  2. @User.sm123u4 [4 likes]: 6:21 Oh yes that's the golden kiwifruit and for me its deffently the best one
  3. @WindsHealthyLunch: I really love how simple and realistic your meals are. It’s not extreme or overwhelming, just clean and balanced. This makes it so much easier for someone like me to stay consistent with a healthy diet.    hello
  4. @LimberMccaskill: I stayed longer than I planned to.
  5. @쥬스-u3o: 19:00 As a Korean, this is a really great kimchi fried rice recipe!
  6. @fatmastars4098: 5:37 استغفر الله واتوب اليه
  7. @chesscarromludo: SEND DAD R MURUGAN TO SHANTI HOUSE R KARTI HOUSE PUT HIM IN BAKTHEVECHELLAM ROOM
  8. @ieathellokittybutt: 😍😍😍😊
  9. @slickchick5352: the first minutes of this video inspired me to get up and make some breakfast (which I hate doing) and it turned up pretty good! and I haven’t watched any of your blogs before! how did you do that? thank you!
  10. @iljuzijashaMan: good food
  11. @AudreyRamos-j6k: wow
  12. @milliejayseekings: Golden kiwi are sweeter than the green ones, more flavour . 🥝
  13. @Skdnweeeuuuuu: Jesus loves you girl so so much God bless you 
Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and resurrected to get us back to the relationship with the Father we had from the beginning
  14. @xxjaecloud: I like your recipes, they look yummy
  15. @mzbeyoutiful4691: Congratulations on 500K subscribers 🎉🎉🎉
  16. @firestorm117: 27 seconds for your intro before you start talking. This is why your retention is terrible.
  17. @MatchaCroissant-i5c3s: Just a question why is the color of the tomato like brown??
  18. @Jlynn_06: Just subscribed! Love your vibe 🥰
  19. @cahootsful: Came across your video and just watched for the first time and subscribed. Feeling so inspired to try these recipes and love your content :)
  20. @rami0221: 한국도 놀러와요 ❤

- How to Eat to Lose Fat - For Women: Kind: captions Language: en This is the number one reason that you're not getting lean, seeing the definition, or the tone that you want. It is your nutrition. Now, these two scrambles are both made with whole foods, but plate A has 450 calories and 28 g of protein. This bigger plate over here has 350 calories and 42 g of protein. Now, one of these is going to make fat loss much easier. You're going to feel more full, eat more food, and actually see results. Live in Lita Loca. Today, I'm breaking it all down. Exactly how to build your meals for fat loss with real meal examples so you can start losing fat. Now, welcome. My name is Meline. I help thousands of women get insane transformations at home eating a ton of food. That's how we do it. Let's go. The first component that you need to prioritize while eating for fat loss is not just protein. It is lean protein. Now, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is lean protein? So foods are made up of carbs, fats, and protein. What makes something a lean protein source is that it has a little bit of carbs or none. Little bit of fats or none. And it is primarily a protein source. If you take 100 gram of it, the calories are mostly coming from protein. Let me show you an example to really hone this in. All right, we've got two foods that include protein. One cup of cooked lentils and 100 g of chicken breast. So, for one cup of cooked lentils, you get 18 g of protein, 40 g of carbs, bar no fat, and 230 calories. So, what does this mean? Here is the cup of lentils. To get the 18 g of protein, you have to also eat the 40 g of carbs. What does that mean? That's more calories. So, you have to spend 40 gram of carbs and more calories to get the 18 g of protein. Now, 100 g of chicken breast gives us 31 g of protein, no carbs, and 3.5 g of fat. So, here is our 100 g of chicken breast. We don't have to spend much on other macronutrients, spend more calories just so we can get the 31 g of protein. It's primarily protein. Now, why is it so important that you do prioritize protein especially while trying to lose fat? Well, number one, we are made of protein. Okay, fat loss are not your muscles, skin, hair, nails. We need protein to repair, rebuild. It's part of us. Number two is that protein is the most satiating or satisfying macronutrient that we can eat. Compared to carbs and fats, we feel more full, more satisfied, and less peckish when we eat protein. I mean, how often have you had a plain chicken breast and just binged and just overeat chicken breast? It's kind of infrequent. Number three, this is what is protecting your muscles while you are losing body fat, leaving you toned and lean with that definition that you want. Number four, little bonus tip is that out of proteins, carbs, and fats, your body burns the most amount of calories digesting protein. 30% roughly of the calories that you eat from a protein source are just used to digest the protein. So, little bonus, big bonus really. Okay, here's a list of the most kind of common lean protein sources. Chicken breast, turkey breast, lean cuts of steak, extra lean ground beef. That's at least 90% ground beef, 10% fat. I like to go at least 5% and above. So 955, you can ask your butcher. Egg whites, whey protein isolate, low-fat Greek yogurt or low-fat cottage cheese, shrimp, white fish like cod or halibit. There is certainly more options than here. What I would do if you want to see more of them is ask Chat GPT what are the top leanest sources of protein available and have a look there. Let's cook some food. All right. There are tons of different ways to get lean protein into your breakfast. I'm going to show you how to turn an egg scramble. That would be, let's say, two eggs, three eggs would be six to what's 6 + 6. What's 12? 12 + 6 18 g of protein into a 50 g of protein breakfast while keeping it low calorie so you can reach your fat loss goals. I'm going to start off with three pieces of turkey bacon. I'm going to slice them up and throw them on the pan. All right. Now, for our eggs, I'm going to do two whole eggs so that I get the nutrition and healthy fats from the yolk. And I'm going to add lean protein source number two, egg whites, to bring up the protein content, 150 g, and whisk. Now, I did actually just realize that I'd like some mushrooms in this, so I'm going to add mushrooms into the pan right now. Is it weird that I could just eat Mushrooms earthy. I love the texture. I can mix going in. Add your salt. Unless you're a virgin. Here's our eggs. And also, look at the portion. We're not here eating like no birds. I mean, I physically can. I I have a big appetite and I Okay, damn it. I need to eat a lot of food. Let's test it. Oh, hot damn. This is my jam. Now, you'll either love me or hate me for this one. I'm going to add another lean protein source just so I can really show you how to do this, but also for flavor. I'm very excited about this addition. You're going to top it with cottage cheese. You don't have to do this, but oh boy does it make me excited. So, it being a lean protein source means I can add a good dollop of it. It only increases the protein target without blowing the calorie bank. So, I'm going to put in 80 g on top. Just trust me with cottage cheese and hot eggs. Trust. I would not steer you wrong. The creamy, the salty. Okay, here we have it. So, let me just break this down for you so you know. So, an egg has six g of protein. So, say I wanted to just have three eggs today. I would have had 18 g of protein. Okay. By adding these lean protein sources, I'm having a low calorie, high protein breakfast. This breakfast is only it's under 400 calories and 50 g of protein. The turkey alone added 12 g of protein. The addition of the egg whites added 15 grams of protein. Easy. And the cottage cheese on top, which is a flavor freaking bomb. Well, it's not a flavor bomb on itself, but when you add it, just trust. 9.6 g of protein. Okay. Easy ways to bump it. This is going to taste like unbelievable. There you go. Easy breakfast for a calorie deficit. High protein. Yeah. Moving on to fats. Every time I hear the word fats, I still think about that era where we were all using like spray butter for less calories. It sends chills down my spine. Okay, your body needs good quality fats for hormone production, brain function, absorbing fat soluble vitamins, long lasting energy, healthy hair, skin, and nails. As soon as you go too low in fat, you're going to see negative impacts on your cycle, your hormones, all that kind of stuff that we really, really want to avoid if we want healthy fat loss. Now, not only is fat super important for just our health as women, but it aids in fat loss because it keeps us fuller for longer. It slows down digestion due to that stable impact on blood sugar. Just keeping us more level, cool, calm, and collected. You know what I'm saying? Less of like a snacky biot. I really tell you when I was really limiting fat or like the only fat I had was like from a tablespoon of peanut butter, I was a hangry [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] My hunger would come on like that and like I couldn't control myself around food. It was a bad time, girls. It was a really bad time. You can ask Will. It was ugly. Now, just because things are healthy for us doesn't mean we can't overeat them. Okay, fat is the most calorically dense macronutrient out of the three. Okay, so protein has four calories in a gram. carbohydrates has the exact same four calories in a gram. Imagine I'm holding a gram of a carb, a gram of a protein. It's very small, but it would be four calories. Now, for fats, it's more than double. One gram is nine calories. Now, that can make sense, right? A gram of a chicken breast, four. But a gram of olive oil, that is straight fats, it's much more calorie dense, nine calories. So, what does that mean volumewise? on your plate, your fat source is going to be the smallest because it's much more rich in calories. Now, if you are trying to lose fat, it doesn't mean you got to go no fat or low fat. You just need to measure and take account of the portion size because it is so easy to overeat, right? A little teaspoon here and there, boom, adds up really quick. But that's a very simple fix. You measure, use your scale, bada bing, bada boom. And honestly, when I have women that feel like they're eating really healthy, but they can't figure out why they're not losing fat, the extra calories are usually coming from fat just because they're almost they can be almost invisible. Say you have a piece of sourdough, little skim of butter, boom, it's like a skim, at least 50 calories, boom, half an avocado, 150 calories, and you just have the small amount of food, but the fats from avocado, butter, a little bit of olive oil in the pan, on your eggs, they add up so quick and you don't really see them. So, we just have to build awareness around it. Fats coming from real unprocessed sources are the ones to go for. Some of my favorites are extravirgin olive oil, avocado, cheese. Two of my favorites are parmesan or pecarino, raw cheeses, whole eggs. Eggs are half protein, half fat. The yolk is that amazing good quality fat. So, whole eggs, butter, grass-fed, even better. All right, to the kitchen. All right, I'm going to show you one of my favorite quick and easy low carb lunches at the moment. You don't even have to turn the stove on, you know, you just it's done in 5 seconds. Bought some nice organic greens as the base. I'm going to go in with some cottage cheese. Going in with my can of tuna. Easy peasy lemon squeezy. And now let's add our fat source. So, I'm going to show you how easy it is. The calories add up with fat. Okay, so starting off with half of like a smallalish medium avocado. Will always gets really annoyed that I don't like do it nicely in the eye with like the slices. I just kind of raw dog it like this. My presentations aren't that nice, fam. It all tastes the same, though. 57 g. It's really not all that much. This is kind of a small avocado. 103 calories. So, we don't want to cut these foods out, but we want to be aware so that we can keep calories in control. Now, let me show you how I finish this. Little bit of salt, little bit of pepper or lots of pepper. I really like pepper with tuna. You can do any hot sauce, but I really like a Sriracha. Look at that. Okay. So, the gold is when you mush it around. You got to like mush it. Everything's got to be mushy. If you come over to my house and I'm cooking for you, we are eating mush. Okay. I love it. So, that's a simple, easy lunch. But just to show you how easy it is, say you wanted to add some olive oil as the dressing as well. These are easily 100 here, 100 there. Um, you're eating healthy things, but they're calorie dense, so you just need to be aware so that you can lose the fat. Oh my god. Mhm. Mhm. Now, moving on to carbs. Your body's first and preferred source of energy. Carbs are broken down into glucose in your body, which is your body's primary fuel. It goes there first before it taps into fat for fuel. Now, you might think, "Oh, okay. Well, I'm not going to eat any carbs. I want my body to burn fat for fuel, so I'll just cut out carbs." It's not as simple as that. Just because your body is using fat for fuel, doesn't mean you are losing fat. If you are eating enough calories to maintain your current body weight, you're eating at maintenance, you're not going to be burning fat. Whether you're eating a ton of carbs or no carbs at all, it comes down to the calories. So, I like to choose 99% of my carb intake coming from whole food sources. What does that look like? So, some sources include berries, squash, potatoes, honey, oats, rice, real sourdough. sourdough that only has, you know, three to four ingredients, not some 57 ingredient one from the store. As opposed to eating refined versions like cereal, tortillas, your white store-bought bread, chips, crackers, candy, whole foods come with fiber, water, nutrients that slows down digestion, obviously fuels us properly, and keeps us much more satisfied after we eat them. Whereas refined versions have been stripped of their natural fiber. Even if fiber has been then added back in, it's not the same. Super easy to overeat and they don't keep you as full. Real talk chicks. I just like to eat close to the earth, close to its natural form. Choosing real food 99% of the time. If it's got a big ingredient label with preservatives and gums and who knows what, I just don't typically eat it. I feel much better having my carbs come from natural sources like this. P.S. I'm absolutely not perfect. Yes, I eat my Nonas, fetachccini, biscotti, you freaking name it. But 99% of the time, my diet at home, this is what I'm eating, and my energy and my digestion feel better for it. Now, you absolutely don't need to eat carbs at every single meal. You just need to get them in at some point of the day. What I like to do is allocate most of my carbohydrates until later on slash afternoon slash dinner time. Why? Focusing on proteins and fats during the day and keeping it relatively low carb keeps me more satisfied. That's because proteins and fats have a stable impact on blood sugar. And that's why myself and many of my clients have found a lot of success in feeling more full and taking away a lot of calories because they're not hungry because they're starting the day with proteins and fats. That might look like my Matty Patties, extra lean ground beef with some eggs or some sort of variety like that. All right, let's go to the kitchen. Welcome to dinner time. I wanted to show you two sources of carbohydrates, how I'm going to use one of them in my dinner tonight. Now, I eat both. I'm not restricted on any foods, but I just want to show you because there are differences. So, these look the same amount of food, right? This is sweet potato and this is squash. This is one of the reasons that I do love squash, although I eat both. This squash here takes up the same amount of volume is 185 calories. This bunch of sweet potatoes here 369 calories. So just know just know that there's difference in the value of these foods. I eat both. You sometimes this is better if you're really really hungry, you want to eat big portions, you have a big appetite like me, this is going to be more helpful sometimes, but sometimes it's not going to be filling enough because the calories are from good quality nutrients in the sweet potato. So you don't want to never eat sweet potato because there's value in that as well. So just so you know, there are differences. Choose your carbs wisely. So, I'm going to show you a bowl that I'm going to have tonight. This is going to be fire. Okay, base is going to be just some fresh organic mixed greens. I like to load them. Now, I'm going to put a little bit of the sauce in now so that it's not all just dry greens on the bottom. I have made a dressing for my mom and I tonight that is 0% Greek yogurt, lemon, parmesan, garlic, salt. So, I'm going to drizzle a little bit here. It tastes amaz Oh my gosh, you guys. Just going to drizzle a little bit now. Okay, give it a quick little mix just so that the leaves are moist. I'm going to add some of my squash here. I'm going to be having this whole thing of squash here. Okay, now I'm going to add my beef. It's kind of nice to layer it so that it's not just like everything's on the top. So, I've got just my extra lean ground beef. And now I'll top it up with more squash. Does she eat bowls? the size of a bowling ball. Yes. Okay. Now, more sauce. M. It's like cheesy, like a Caesar, you guys. And then you're just going to mix this around. And that is my dinner. So, for tonight, these are my sources of carbohydrates. I'm having kaboka squash, I believe it is. And I like adding it to bowls like this. And that is my favorite way to eat squash and potatoes. Now, you do not need more rules. You do not need a new specific diet. You need more real food. I promise once you start eating this way, you get rid of either it's the 57 ingredient protein bars that you're addicted to, or you feel really limited and you're eating egg whites and rice cakes, or you feel like you can't put down the salt and vinegar chips. I promise if you allow your taste buds to adjust to eating whole foods, get rid of the processed crap, you're going to feel more full, less snacky, your skin's going to look better. You're going to feel more energized. Your digestion is probably going to feel smoother. I don't know how we've been steered wrong, but fat loss should be about honing in on your health. And if your fat loss plan doesn't do that, I suggest you find something new. Getting the body that you truly desire does not have to come with fake [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] diet food. That's just a trap that we've we've all been sucked into, girlfriend. Trust me, I've been there. I mean, I truly used to think that the only way for me to get my dream body and get abs was to eat confetti birthday cake protein bars and sugar-free maple syrup. And what happened? I was a hungry, bloated [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But more importantly, I invite you to raise your standards for what you put in your body. Are you a garbage bin? Were you put on this earth to eat processed junk? Even though you can get lean eating Twinkies and candy, is that the right way to do it? Is that what we were put on this earth to do? I believe we should really treat our body like we only have one. We don't get another chance ever. Is it not the greatest gift to be on this planet with an able body? Why not nourish it and give it what it needs to thrive instead of taking it for granted? If this was helpful, I would be so grateful if you subscribed. I have plenty more videos to help you achieve your dream body in the healthiest way possible coming your way. And if you'd like a complete nutrition and workout plan along with access to the best online fitness community ever, link in the description to become a member of my app, Studio Era. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @madelainerascan [33 likes]: Lose fat with me. It’s free to try: https://www.studioera.co/fat-loss-program-trial
  2. @deborahlabbe3492: I didn’t grow up eating any squash, but finally just tried the kabocha squash today and I like it!
  3. @lysthelion: I hit subscribe as soon as you said "snacky bee-otch" and "hangry bitch." 😂
Great video, thank you!
  4. @AlyNada05: If 100g of chicken breast has 31g protein and 3.5g of fat, then what are the 65 remaining grams?
  5. @KatelynnKennedy-t8f: In a country that doesn’t sell ground beef with labels, rinsing the fat off ground beef with a strainer and warm water is a good option.
  6. @Elena-cq4hk: Ok I really have to change my diet cause I feel absolutely tired not matter what I eat, no consistent energy
  7. @flamingicequeen: At ask ChatGPT.. I am out.

There are for sure books, not the ai.. man... We are doomed
  8. @NatalieLeBleu: Finally someone’s that’s not “I eat this protein bar for breakfast” and go eat pasta and chicken and halo cream
  9. @lindabish8110: Wth do we have to go by grams when we are in the USA.  What does a gram or more of meat look like. The US goes by ounces. I hate the metric system.
  10. @ShizukaSummer: Are there any vegan lean protein options?
  11. @abigailgarcia4655: So bloated right now. Ready to change my lifestyle tomorrow morning
  12. @dougking2275: Thank you  😃
  13. @kylemoore907: Fuck yes, love this!
  14. @Moldawian: So if im a guy, it wouldn't be for me ?
  15. @alyssasimon3940: what to do for protein if you are a vegetarian?
  16. @smairafazil6390: I dont think you mentioned what you cooked the eggs/mushrooms/turkey in - as next macro you mentioned importance of was healthy fat - please include
  17. @observer8838: Turkey bacon is a highly processed food an unhealthy protein source.
  18. @leahb413: Thank you 🙏
  19. @Mmkey65: Why do you not use the yolk, I thought it was the healthiest part
  20. @bayberae95: Had me until Chat GPT 🫩

- What I eat in a day in Japan!/ Japanese mom morning routine/ women in 30's/ healthy eating: Kind: captions Language: en how come japanese women's are so slim i just don't know what's the correct portions to eat this is the question i've been recently receiving from many of you to answer these questions i'll monitor myself to reveal everything by showing what i ate all day while listing calories i'm not saying i am slim i'm the standard of japanese women in their late 30s i'm relatively short but not too thin not too fat i guess a perfect example waking up five in the morning boil the water and cook the rice while it's been cooked do some morning yogurt for 15 minutes before kids wake up in japan it's common to sleep with the kids in the same bed until they become around five i always have two boys next to me until we got the bunk bed two months ago i couldn't roll over back then and i always wake up with a stiff neck and back pain so i really need to stretch myself to get ready for a day my three years old boy still wants to hold my hands when he goes to bed so my arm is always in a weird position then drink some hot water with yuzu and make bento box and breakfast get my kids ready and of course my husband helps me a lot during that time i don't usually sit down and eat i just munch on some apples in the kitchen since i'm too busy to prepare everything when i eat something in hari i found myself tends to overeat i don't even realize how much i eat this is the breakfast for my family i have a recipe of japanese egg omelette and chinese cabbage pickle if you guys want to cook some for yourself link is on the description box below [Music] after kids left with my husband i could finally sit down and eat this is today's breakfast avocado rice bowl miso soup with loads of veggies and carrot and broccoli stems simmered with sweet soy sauce we call this kim pira in japanese the total kali is 900 including apple let me quickly show you how i made this avocado bowl because i really want you guys to try this it's so easy but delicious first peel the skin of avocado and remove the seeds and i recommend using ripe avocado because we're gonna mush it up mine was still too hard too much so ending up cutting into small chunks drizzle some lemon juice to retain the vibrant green color if you have a fresh one that will be better some thoroughly for the crunchy texture any crunchy veggies like onion cucumber shallot will be a great substitution drain the oil of canned tuna and add it to the avocado you can skip the tuna if you apply the paste sprinkle some salt drizzle some soy sauce then add homemade vegan mayo you can also add cream cheese sour cream and greek yogurt as a sub it's up to you my homey vegan mayo contains tofu it's protein packed i have a recipe video on that please go to the description box for the link mix them well all together then top the generous amount on the rice garnish some spring onion and black pepper if you want to this is so so good one of my quick lunch staple i added chinese cabbage daikon radish into my miso soup and for kimbera i shredded carrot and blockly stem in much sticks the outer side of the broccoli stem is a little bit fibrous to eat but i always keep inside for making stir-fry or soups then simmer with some soy sauce sugar and meringue together with soy beans for the extra protein i love to enjoy with nori seaweed it's like a mini sushi you might be surprised but i still crave for something sweet so usually have some dark chocolate with teal coffee today i have a ginger black tea almond latte this milk former is one of the best kitchen gadget i bought from daiso in there's nothing excited on my ordinary day but a little bit of indulgence made me so happy i need this fluffy milk form to make myself happy so do you guys have any small happy moment for yourself around 1pm i started to feel hungry again so since my breakfast is usually pretty heavy it's filling enough to hold my stomach up until this time here's my lunch soy milk miso soup natto topping with some spring onion and egoma oil which is high in omega-3 fat and the rice i love to mix some seeds and beans into my rice i have a couple miso soup recipes so again the link is in the description box the total kali is 700 calories including snack and latte i have to have something to munch on in the afternoon so i grab some cookies from muji to enjoy with kids later on you guys know how much i love fuji by now it's 3 p.m so time to pick up my kids i always bike one of my sons go to nursery and the other one goes to kindergarten so it usually took me 40 minutes to pick them up and and come back home this is probably the only exercise i do but if you're living in tokyo you will more likely to go everywhere on foot because the transportation system is very good that's one factor that keeps japanese fit on a daily basis coming back home i enjoyed some green tea and three clear cuts with strawberry jam as a filling it's about 200 calories by the way this day i was working from home wrote a script for youtube just writing a script usually takes me at least two hours since everything is in english i go to google translate and find the right word for you guys to understand so when you leave the comment that you enjoy the video i'm very relieved that my video is good enough to understand so thank you so so much for your kind comments i check every single comment from all of you for dinner i'm making tomato pasta and some soup for kids this tomato sauce only contains tomato garlic olive oil and salted rice mold you can't imagine how good this is it has a depth in flavor but still so fresh it's happened to be vegan so you guys have to try this recipe if you have access to salted rice malt also known as shiokoji in japanese my kids usually have a dinner at 6 p.m however i won't be hungry until around 8 pm so i just had some soup for dinner with kids the soup contains burdock carrot onion cabbage squash mushrooms and mixed beans and many more seasoned with some japanese curry powder herbs and veggie broth and oh also i added soy milk to make it creamy it's not a japanese food so i didn't film how to cook it but if you guys want i can make a recipe about that so let me know in the comment section below kids had a blueberry for dessert so i had some too the total cauli for the dinner is 250 calories and the total calories in a day is 2050 by the way as a disclaimer this is what i just calculated according to the app so might not be so accurate i never check myself until i decide to film this one thing i realized is that i eat a lot of fermented stuff like natto miso paste even soy sauce to treat my guts well in fact i have not been constipated for more than five years and also i naturally take most of my calories in the morning so that my body has some time to digest and burn some calories i wasn't intentionally doing this becoming a morning person allows me to have these eating habits i guess i also listen to my hunger cue i only eat when i'm hungry that's it for today did you guys enjoy this i hope this video gave you some new inspiration are you a morning person or which meal do you eat the most let me know in the comment section thanks for watching see you soon bye bye she gets

  Top Comments:
  1. @MiwasJapaneseCooking [422 likes]: As I make this video, I start to become very curious how much you guys usually eat! 😆 Do you eat more than me or less?? Please share in the comment below! 😊 For more daily food inspiration, please watch this playlist😄 https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLd2bpmPI5Yufjh5rDNlatEIzDNbMOoIOQ
 Thank you very much for stopping by!
  2. @plantinfo8184 [1 likes]: Kinichiwa!! So Japanese food is good for you, tastes good, low calory but not the best in the world.  Greenland diet is better technically for your health. Greenland is meat/fish, animal fats (probably using a gastrique or condiment for fat digestion), some fruits vegetables and grains and I assume low in plant unsaturated fats, where animal unsaturated are ok for health.  Thank you.  So this is advanced but Japanese food tastes good and is good for you.  It would be like ancient Mongolian diet = 0 plant oils.
  3. @pammypoo3003 [1 likes]: She's skinny as a rail and says she's not that thin. I must be big as a cow then. 😂
  4. @saracabello5942 [1 likes]: So lean protein and vegetables? This is not rocket science.
  5. @champagnebubbles7095: Look so delicious ❤
  6. @KieslingMazowieski: Stunning visuals, pro level!
  7. @RuzicaOgnjenovicruska: Thank you for this video. I am impressed with Japanese cooking and lifestyle. Love your saying “I eat only when I am hungry “. I enjoy your videos, thank you. You are giving a simple explanation easy to follow. Thank you for sharing ❤
  8. @carlamays4682: ❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉from SFO/YVR
  9. @Kijahni: Shio koji it's very very easy to make. It's nice to have it around.
  10. @zenaidaguevarra3393: I love your recipe and japanese food so healthy
  11. @alexandrapluscarr: Love your videos! Thank you for the great info! Very useful :)
  12. @leahweo: You're the best mother I've seen in ages !!!! Your kids are very lucky to have you.
  13. @HachiIkigai: I could easily tweak and veganize this. It's so satisfying to watch, thanks ❤
  14. @alishabansal4908: which brand is that green tea. its actually green in color! ❤
  15. @squidbreadd: How come Japanese womens are so slim?
  16. @lightconnection1: I 'm so mad at the Belgium ads they know how to push some times 3 ads after each other I DO NOT want my time spilled on ads 😡😤🥺🖕🖕🖕🖕
  17. @kaitlynemcnutt8802: Your video was understandable.  And I think your meals look delicious!
  18. @kindrajayne3734: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
  19. @natvlb8244: How to prepare that soup which is in video? Can you please share? Thank you
  20. @loumber: Excellent video thank you!

- What I Eat In A Day To Support Female Longevity, Fertility, & Hormone Optimization: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Kayla Barnes Lens and I'm going to take you on my female longevity health optimization diet today. It's really just focusing on whole foods, but come along. I'm going to show you what I do. So, every morning I do start with a little bit of coffee. It's only about a half a cup to one cup. Um, you want to get a high quality coffee brand. Currently, I have my friend Dave's, but I also love holistic coffee roasters. It's biodnamic, but something organic, tested for micotoxins, and this one actually has minerals in it as well. So, I've actually been doing a pourover. So, this will heat the water. And I do have a coffee maker. It's all glass. It's a ChemX, but I've most recently just been doing glass with a steel filter and the pourover. I enjoy the process in the morning. And also, it really eliminates the opportunity for mold, which I love. So, I don't have coffee on just an empty stomach. There's a few things that I add into my coffee to give me some protein prior to my workout. So, I do the um whole body collagen. This is the Thorn product. So, put about one to one and a half scoops of this. I also put an onra colostrum, great for gut health and then your immune system. And I'm also doing about 5 g of creatine. So, that is my morning coffee. I have that um pretty much as soon as I wake up and then I'll do my workout and then I'll do a refeed and I'll show you what my breakfast is like. Okay, so now we're going to be cooking my first meal of the day. I always make breakfast for me and my husband. Today we have um our favorite videographer Joan is here and so I'm going to make some breakfast for him too. So, we have some more eggs. But there's always protein, healthy fats, some sort of salad, and some sort of fermented food. Um, also I incorporate lentils from time to time, uh, probably a couple times a week, but also some days I don't do lentils because they do take about 30 extra minutes to simmer. So we have some organic biodnamic freerange eggs here. So I typically do about three to four eggs in the morning. I cook these in a little bit of grass-fed butter. So right now I am trying to conceive or about to try to conceive. So, I am loading up on a little bit more of those healthy fats for hormone optimization. You could easily do um you know, another oil, maybe an avocado oil to cook the eggs in. But right now, I'm doing a little bit of grass-fed butter, some eggs, and then I will have a side salad. So, I will do a little bit of just like salt and um honestly use the fermented foods as a dressing. So, we'll do some organic greens. And then there's a few options here, but we always have lots of options for fermented foods. So, it's some kimchi, some black pepper, garlic kraut, some garlic, ginger, sauerkraut. We're going to do some salt and pepper, and keep it pretty easy. Um, and then I also really love I don't have any on hand because my biodnamic farm delivery is actually coming later. So, I work with a CSA for the majority of our produce. So, finding local farmers so you can eat in season and local to you is absolutely ideal. When I was in LA, I did a lot of like airworn shopping, but now that I'm in Texas, I am using these local amazing farms. So, we'll have some uh broccoli sprouts coming, some micro greens, and some other add-ins and vegetables for our salad. So, basically to break it down, we want high quality protein. Um it could be eggs. I also sometimes do some salmon in the morning. And then we want some fermented foods. We want some greens. So, salad, little bit of protein, and some fermented foods is the base of my breakfast every single day. And then for the berries, because I'm wearing a continuous glucose monitor, I know that they will spike, especially if I have them on their own. So, I'll put them in a little bit of like coconut yogurt or full fat yogurt, um, or just have them at the very end of the meal and just have a small handful. But, I love the blueberries and the dark berries for the antioxidant properties, polyphenols, and so much more. So, in my eggs, what I think is kind of like a secret uh hack to make them more fluffy is, of course, we have the grass-fed butter as a base, but I'm also going to put a little bit of raw milk. Of course, you want to check the source, etc. Um, but we're also going to be heating it up, so it's not really going to be raw anymore, but this is the only type of milk that we have in the house. My husband mostly consumes this. If you're struggling with any hormone issues or acne or digestive issues, I would recommend you cutting out definitely gluten, dairy. Um, but this we have in the house, so I'm gonna add a little bit to the eggs to make them fluffier. So, I do make literally all of our meals. So, Warren and I eat out maybe one to two times per year. There's very, very few restaurants that I can actually trust. Um, but 99.9% of our meals I cook at home with single ingredients, homemade, everything from scratch. And I just feel best about that. I know what's going into my food. I know how it's prepared. And for me, it's definitely a love language. I love to make healthy, great food for people that I love. And reminder, three of us are going to be eating eggs today. So, we have a lot. We don't normally consume this many. And the company that I have found here in Austin, by the way, is called Gather and Deliver. So, it's a small local company that works with farmers in the area. Um, even the fermented foods, most of those I got from Gather and Deliver. And then they actually drop it off at your doorstep on Fridays once a week. So, you will be getting a restock later today. A little bit of milk for the fluffiness. Using this Baja Gold mineral salt and a little bit of pepper. Got to be quick, you know. Honestly though, all my meals are quick. Everybody asks, you know, how do you make every meal? It's because they're all honestly quick and easy. I'm using a steel spatula. This is a green pan. Um, I really like extrema and those are the two types of pans that I use essentially is either extrema or green pan is a pretty good one. Some people like carowway but definitely not using any teflon pans. Another thing I love to incorporate in breakfast. This is more of a weekend breakfast is um I love to incorporate caviar. So caviar is incredible for brain health. Loaded with omega-3s which is so good for us. So on the weekends I'll do probably more like an omelette style. So I'll do like some roasted peppers, maybe some onion, um some mushrooms, and put that into an omelette. Maybe a side of asparagus, a little bit of lentils. On the weekends are definitely a better time for me to really load up on lentils. And a lot of times I'll prep them. So I'll cook the lentils on Sunday and then I will incorporate them in our meals throughout the week. So, I like to be really gentle on the pans, even though these are non-toxic pans, just to ensure we're not like scraping any material. So, try to be as gentle as possible. We also um can turn on this. There's not too many fumes from the eggs, but when I make something like a salmon or grass-fed meat or a lamb or anything like that, we want to make sure we have proper ventilation. So, we have a Jasper right over there. We actually have two in this area, but we definitely want to make sure we're not breathing in those fumes. So, having a good ventilated hood is important. Also, cleaning lady has not come. I'm working on finding a great one in the Austin area. If you know anybody, you can drop them. Um, but yeah, little casual cook and chat with Kayla today. So, in the name of time efficiency, I'm going to go grab the plates while that's finishing cooking. All right. Now, I'm going to do a little bit of greens on each one of these. My husband eats all the greens first really fast to get it out of the way. I usually put a little more greens on mine. Third greens. Grab a few more. I'm going to set these different fermented foods out on the table so that people can mix and match and choose whatever is best for them. And then I'll also set the blueberries out on the table. So, we just wrapped up breakfast. So, I'm going to take my morning supplements. We have some phosphotylcholine for detox in here. We have some uriththna. We have some enammen. Um the thousand milligs from true nien. We have some probiotics. We have some knack. I think we have some a love you baby. Um we have some vitamin D. We have a little bit of glutathione in here and some methylated B vitamins. Also just took my omega which is in the fridge. So um yeah going to take all these and then we are going to get back to work. Now >> how many you take in one time? cuz she's pretty insane with how this works. So, I'll have to do like one or two at most, whereas Kayla can do like five or 10 at a time. And again, and I'm like, "Wow." >> I mean, I could I usually do like >> two hand rolls at a time. >> Yeah, that was like 12 or 13, including the big rounded oval ones. >> Yeah, I cannot do that. >> Good job. >> Right. All done. Ask to make your supplements. >> Yeah. So, talk about my supplements. How many do I take? Warren likes to take less supplements. So, I make his about half that size, but I prep it for him every week. And of course, we change our supplements on sometimes a weekly basis depending on what's going on, but definitely every quarter when we do all of our lab sets. So, I'll actually show you some of the boxes that we have. Um, actually, yeah, come on over. >> And and my love language is acts of service. So, I really appreciate and feel loved when Kayla makes it for me. It comes in the containers of like seven days of the week, which a lot of people that are older tend to have, but I'm like, "No, we need like 20 of those and in the fridge every day. I just open the day of the week, take my 10 vitamins, and it is amazing. >> Thank you for that." >> You're welcome. >> Okay, so we're about to have a lab testing day come up. So, I did just find a great nurse to like come to the house, draw the labs. If you want to come over here, Jonas, I'll show you some of the test boxes. Okay, honey. Love you. Um, so we have a bunch of different stuff from Fiverr in America. We're doing the longevity lab. I have a gut test pending. I have a total toxic burden here. Um we're also going to be doing some bio age tests. We're going to be doing some ND level testing. Um so we have all the test kits here and then we will just have um the nurse come and draw them soon. So I'm going to hop in the shower and then I typically do red light therapy uh right after. But I will kind of show you what the desk setup is um before we jump into work. Okay. So it is 1:56. It's about 2:00 p.m. I'm going to start prepping dinner because we'll eat at it about 3:30. So, I am actually getting ready to make a steak tonight. So, I do have grass-finish meat. So, I'm going to put it in a suzv. Um, but I don't use the plastic. So, I actually use a medical grade silicone. And the temperature is not getting very high. It's only getting up to about 124. So, this medical grade silicone really shouldn't be leeching. You can get these bags um always grass-fed and grass-finish. So, I typically love to support local um farms. There's some great ones here in Texas that I found like Peeler Farms is amazing. Um but I did just order these grass-fed and grass-finish steaks from Whole Foods. So, this is going to be really quick and simple. And this again is why I can just make dinner every single night because we'll drop these in here and then I'll put them in the Suzv. Again, we're making dinner for three tonight. So, we're going to drop them in here. I'm going to add a little bit of high quality salt. Just kind of tenderizes it. But the other thing about cooking with sousvid is that it gets super tender inside. Um because you're not cooking it at like this super high heat. It is very tender, very moist, and you really don't have to worry about it very much. It's not a complicated cooking process. So, I'm going to put a little bit of salt in here. I feel like I have a cooking show voice right now or something. So, we're going to put a little bit of salt. And then I'm just going to take these three. We're going to hook up the Suzv. So, I'm going to program this for 124 and it will just run on its own for an minimum of an hour. You could leave it in here for up to two hours if you had to run an errand. Makes it really easy for me if I, you know, throw something in the sousvid. It could be salmon. It could be um grass-fed steak. But then I have some time just to really get back to work, run an errand, do my biohacking practices, whatever it may be. want to submerge the steaks in there and then use this little clip just to keep it under the water. I also love to throw some rosemary in there. I haven't actually been able to get any fresh rosemary since being here. I need to find a good source for that. But we'll put the steaks in here. The rosemary is a really nice add-on. If you can get it, just toss it in there. And everything looks good. So, this is just going to heat up, warm it with water, and then what I'll do is I'll take a cast iron skillet, get it pretty hot, and just toss on there for about 30 to 45 seconds, depending on how you like the temperature of your steak. I like mine uh like medium rare, and then I'll give it a nice sear on the outside. With this, we'll always combine some sort of vegetable, sometimes multiple vegetables. Last night, we had wild caught salmon. Actually, it's not technically wild caught. It's aquaonics or aqua farming, I believe, is the term. I get all my seafood from a company called Ctopia. And I do this because they lab test it for heavy metals and microplastics. It's also all sushi grade. It's the best tasting fish that I've ever had. Um the sushi grade makes it amazing. And also the lab testing is just absolutely critical because we know that a lot of fish have high levels of heavy metals and microplastics. So um tested for all of that. So last night we had salmon, we had kimchi, we had kimchi pickles, and then I made a really delicious green bean with that. So tonight I'm going to do steak, probably do maybe a cruciferous vegetable, maybe like some roasted cauliflower, some Brussels with a little side salad. So again, how I'm really preparing my plate is protein. We're going to have healthy fats. So I'm going to cook this in either a little bit of butter and then a little bit of healthy fat on the side salad with a little bit of olive oil, um a little bit of salt, a little bit of apple cider vinegar maybe for the dressing, and then we'll have the Brussels. So more fiber in our diet, which is really, really helpful. I have the the morning coffee and then I have the breakfast and then I have um the dinner. The only thing that I didn't show you because this is a filming day is I also typically um after breakfast I'll have a coconut yogurt and in that I add zen basil seeds which is um half of your amount of fiber per day. Um so I'll double up on those. I'll add a little bit more collagen protein. So I get a little bit more protein plus the protein powder plus hemp seeds plus flax seed plus a little bit of um half a Brazil nut and a little bit of topped with a couple of blueberries if I didn't have those with breakfast. And then I will also sometimes throw in a little bit of raspberry in there. So it's a really nice post breakfast meal. But that really helps me to get a lot of high quality protein cuz I'm getting about 20 grams in the morning. I'm getting about, you know, about 20 grams of protein at breakfast and then I'm getting another 20 grams in my um protein like collagen protein and then I'm getting another, I don't know, 30 or so grams of protein um through the steak. So, I like to have a lot of high quality protein um not at all phases. So, I do sometimes ease up on the protein and do more of just a plant forward if I want to induce a state of more autophagy, which is the cellular cleaning and renewal. But high protein diets can really help with being satiated. So it will really curb the cravings. So I love to hit those protein requirements. Great for muscle mask. But there are some days that I reel back the protein and focus more just on plants and a little bit of lower calorie diet. So that is what I have for you now. And we're going to have dinner in an hour and a half. So you guys saw my morning uh collagen and colostrum and creatine coffee. So that's about 20 grams of protein. And then I'm doing three to four eggs. Um, so that I'm getting a lot of protein there. And then I do kind of like after breakfast or midday, I will do this um snack of grass-fed whey protein isolate. So I do two scoops of this and then I actually add double the amount. So this is 15 g of fiber for one serving. I actually add double the amount. So I'm getting 30 grams of fiber a day just from these zen basil seeds. And then I also add in organic hemp hearts. I order add some little organic fair trade cacao powder, some pumpkin seeds, and I also will add in some a couple just like blueberries on the top, sometimes a raspberry, and then I'll typically throw in like half a Brazil nut. So, this is a really high protein. So, with that, we're getting um 25 more grams of protein, which is great. And then for dinner tonight, I'm going to make um so about three to four days a week. Typically, four days a week, I'm doing some sort of wild caught fish. This is from a company called Setopia. So they actually uh test their fish for microplastics and heavy metals which I absolutely love. So tonight again we have Jonas here. So we're going to be making three salmons. Um about 4 days a week I'm doing the salmon and then we'll do like either a turkey or something of that nature. Sometimes a chicken and then we'll also do um like one to two days of some sort of red meat just depending. Also, sometimes we will do uh you know a vegan meal uh from time to time just depending on my overall activity load in protein requirements needed. So, we're going to do the salmon. Um we're going to do some kimchi. So, again, we're going to have some fermented foods. I'm going to roast some of these organic Brussels sprouts. Great again for fiber. And then I get an at home um CSA. When I was in LA, I used flamingo estates. Now that I'm here in Austin, it's um just biodnamic u farmers that are local. So, they sent this okra. I'm going to figure out what to do with that. But it's always a couple different types of plants, a protein. Um we'll put some olive oil on these Brussels, some olive oil on the okra, and so we have a lot of healthy fats, fermented foods again. So really just trying to have balance. I do have my entire breakdown of what I'm eating on my protocol. Barnes.com. So there are a couple of variations for dinner um so that you can see when I'm eating a red meat versus when I'm eating a salmon and wild caughtfish and some of the other recipes that I like to cook up there as well. So this is what I'm eating for um female longevity. also in a phase where I'm getting ready to try to conceive. So, um again, if you are not trying to conceive, you could probably do a little bit less of the healthy fats possibly. The healthy fats are really good for our hormones as women, and I feel the difference every time I scale back on them. Um, but if you're interested in more content like this, you can follow me, subscribe. I would love a like and a comment on this video. And if you appreciate it, just share with someone you love.

  Top Comments:
  1. @smileformex33 [4 likes]: Hello Kayla! Can you link the medical grade silicon bag you utilize?
  2. @dialoguesFirsts1993 [2 likes]: antiaging plan or weight loss:
1. food, it is better to eat at the same time, 3 times, without snacks, do not eat 2 hours before bedtime, chew food well. Do not be distracted by the phone or TV, this is a scheme of 8\16 (natural intermittent fasting is obtained)
2. measure once the amount of calories/fats/proteins/fiber in your diet, it should be 1500/80/80/30 grams per day or similar, often do not get enough proteins and fiber
3. stool preferably once a day, if not, increase fiber (vegetables, herbs, fruits). this is the most correct detox. Good functioning of the gastrointestinal tract is the most important thing
4. a glass of warm water 30 minutes before meals (starts the gastrointestinal tract)
5. you need to get the necessary daily dose of magnesium and potassium from food, these are very important minerals for the body
6. eliminate alcohol, smoking, sugar
7. you need to check for parasites in the small intestine (because of this, vitamin and mineral deficiencies)
8. drink hot water during the day, it stimulates the secretion of bile (the normal flow of bile is very important) If you feel hungry outside of your main meal time, drink some hot water first, this will relieve this feeling.
9. monitor the content of sugar and salt in products, there is often an implicit content (juices, yogurts, sausages, sausages, for example)
10. eat a fermented product at least once a day (for example, a spoonful of sauerkraut, these are probiotics)
11. once a year tests, ferritin, d3 (25 (OH) D), sugar (HbA1c, glucose), cholesterol (LDL), thyroid (TSH, FT4), gallbladder ultrasound, liver (ALT), kidneys (eGFR), urine, total blood, homocysteine
12.10 min per day deep abdominal breathing (diaphragm movement) 8s inhalation, 8s hold, 8s exhalation, 8s hold (this is a massage of the internal organs)
13. Before going to bed, raise your legs above your head for 10 minutes (also helps with varicose veins)
14. Long walks for 2-3 hours at least once a week (lymph movement) or buy a path home
15. If you work at a computer and your vision deteriorates, then do the "blood pump" exercise every hour, the blood to the head increases (also helps with varicose veins)
16. It is advisable to go to bed no later than 22, a good sleep is very important
17. If you have sedentary work, it is advisable to do a light warm-up every hour, for example, squats (this is for blood vessels, train your legs this is the most important thing too)
18. make it a way of life, not a temporary remedy. after 2 years you will achieve the result, because diets can greatly unbalance and confuse a person
19. in the cold period you can additionally take vitamin d3, because the day is short. if from 2000 units it is better with vitamin k2 (correctly distributes the released calcium)
20. there are natural supplements: milk thistle meal (prebiotic), flaxseed oil (omega3), walnuts (brain), pumpkin seeds (libido), sunflower seeds (vit b9), sauerkraut (probiotics), castor oil (joints), hibiscus (heart)
21. you need to remember about acrylamide in products, its accumulation causes oncology, it is a neurotoxin (chips, crackers, fried potatoes, cigarettes, coffee and its substitutes, croutons, toast, cookies)
22. you need at this age I take a vitamin complex every day, because it is absorbed worse from food
23. oral care is necessary, because poor condition leads to heart attacks/strokes, there is a connection

daily requirement of vitamins: C 80 mg, A 800 mcg, B1 1 mg, B2 1 mg, B3 15 mg, B5 10 mg, B6 1.5 mg, B9 200 mcg, B12 2.4 mcg, E 15 mg, d3 20 mcg, K 120 mcg
daily requirement of minerals: zinc 10 mg, magnesium 400 mg, iodine 150 mcg, potassium 3 g, selenium 50 mcg, iron 20 mg, calcium 1 g, omega3 2 g
recommended amount per day: sugar 25 g, salt 5 g, cholesterol 300 mg

for example, a diet plan: for breakfast, boil an egg, buckwheat\oatmeal with milk, sandwich with black bread and cheese, pumpkin seeds, kiwi, for lunch potatoes with skin, salad, red fish/lightly salted herring, sunflower seeds, apple for dinner cottage cheese with sour cream, walnuts. Total 1500 calories, 80 g protein, 80 g fat 20 g fiber, norm for vitamins\minerals.

1 egg
cholesterol 180 mg, selenium 15 mcg, fat 5 g, protein 6 g, vitamin A 80 mcg, D, B2, B5, B7, B9, B12 1 mcg, E, choline 150 mg, iron, 70 calories, calcium, zinc, iodine

cottage cheese 100 g
magnesium, calcium 100 mg, fat 7 g, protein 17 g, vitamin A 80 mcg, B2, B12 1, 150 calories, potassium 150 mg, casein

milk 100 g
protein 3 g, fat 3 g, 60 calories, calcium 100 mg, potassium 150 mg, vitamin B12,  B2 , A, D, magnesium

red fish 50 g
protein 10 g, fat 7 g, vitamin A 30 mg, vitamin D 7 mcg, B12, B9, B2, B3, B6, B5, B1, E, K, iron, zinc, selenium 25 mcg, potassium 200 mg, magnesium, omega3 1 g, iodine 15 mcg, calcium, 100 calories

lightly salted herring 50 g
protein 9 g, fat 8 g, omega3 1 g, vitamin D 5 mcg, B12 5 mcg, B3 2 mg, B6, A 30 mcg, E, sodium 1 g, selenium 25 mcg, iodine 20 mcg, 100 calories, potassium 150 mg, calcium

walnut 30 g
copper 0.5 mg, magnesium 45 mg, zinc, vitamin E, B6, B9, B1, B2, B3, fat 20 g, protein 5 g, omega3 3 g (den nor), omega6 10 g, fiber, potassium 125 mg, 200 calories

boiled buckwheat 200 g
magnesium 100 mg, potassium 140 mg, copper, protein 7 g, fat 1 g, vitamin B1, B2, B3, B5, B6, zinc, iron, carbohydrates 40 g, 190 calories, fiber 6 g, folate B9 20 mcg

oatmeal 200 g
magnesium 50 mg, potassium 120 mg, iron, zinc, copper, protein 6 g, fat 3 g, vitamin B1, B3, B5, B6, B9 carbohydrates 30 g, 130 calories, fiber 3 g

2 boiled potatoes with skin 200 g
protein 5 g, carbohydrates 46 g, fiber 5 g, vitamin C 30 mg, B6 0.5 mg, B1, B2, B3 3 mg, B9 25 mcg, potassium 1300 mg, magnesium 60 mg, iron 1.5 mg, 210 calories, zinc

pumpkin seeds 30 g
170 calories, protein 9 g, fat 14 g, fiber 1 g, omega3, omega6, magnesium 230 mg, zinc 3 mg, iron 4 mg, copper 0.5 mg, potassium 240 mg, vitamin E 2 mg, B1, B2, B3, B5, B6, B9 30 mg, arginine, phytosterols, selenium 2 mcg

sour cream 50 g
fat 10 g, protein, vitamin A 100 mcg, D, B2, B12, B9, calcium, potassium, magnesium, 100 calories

butter 5 g
fat 4 g, vitamin A 130 mcg, D, E, 35 calories, cholesterol 10 mg, calcium, butyrate

hard cheese 10 g
vitamin A 60 mcg, D, B12, calcium 80 mg, zinc, protein 3 g, fat 3 g, 45 calories

brown bread 30 g (slice)
vitamin E, B1, B3, B5, potassium 80 mg, magnesium, iron, protein 2 g, fat 1 g, carbohydrates 15 g, fiber 2 g, 70 calories

sunflower seeds 30 g
protein 6 g, fat 14 g, vitamin E 10 mg, B9 60 mcg, B3, B6, potassium 180 mg, iron, zinc, selenium 17 mcg, magnesium 100 mg, 170 calories
  3. @sreegowthami3037 [2 likes]: Thanks Kayla for the video. Could you also tell us how you cook lentils, do you eat raw greens, sprouts and microgreens. How do you wash them
  4. @AdventuresofaStartupFounder [1 likes]: Do you use a paper coffee filter?  It is supposed to reduce cholesterol?
  5. @bonnieleary1197 [1 likes]: Anyone know the kind of whey protein powder she used? Maybe I missed it 😊
  6. @Wellnessmomera [1 likes]: Excited for your pregnancu journey!
  7. @payley5267 [1 likes]: I really struggle eating fermented foods but I know how good they are for our gut.  Any product you recommend that has enough flavor to counteract the harshness? I tried zooming in on the garlic kraut in the video but can't see the brand.
  8. @IloveCamels335 [1 likes]: I am not following you just came across this video.. would you mind sharing your age?
  9. @Andrea-q3z5l [1 likes]: Hi what omega do you take?
  10. @rachelpalajac [1 likes]: What box do you get from seatopia!? Going to order.
  11. @kl8395 [1 likes]: Thanks for this Kayla! One thing is a bit confusing though. What you show is very few carbs. Close to keto but not quite. I dont believe it is possible to work out like you do do cardio, gym, walk and have enough carbs from all of this, you dont eat grains/ starches, you dont show that you eat any fruits in this video ( except blueberies) . Where is glucose coming from? If you are active lets say by 500 callories of activity ish every day, this all wont cut for glucose storage  unless you are in ketosis.?! I see how it can work for low/ medium activity but not high energy expenditure.
  12. @Lordvilife [1 likes]: My god, you look really healthy. Make me wonder how early humans must have looked since there were not much toxins and foraged a balanced diet they had 

They must had clear skin Lol
  13. @bootsmade4walking: Awesome!
  14. @erikacavalcante1811: ❤
  15. @jennadanielescobar4440: Do you have a place where one could read or print out exact recipes you make weekly? Thx
  16. @LeahWolchin: Do you add any milk - raw, almond, or coconut to your morning coffee? What about honey or maple syrup? 

Or you just do black coffee with the 3 powder add ins?
  17. @bethanylaurenreads: Also, how do you guys celebrate holidays? Do you avoid family gatherings?
  18. @bethanylaurenreads: Love this! How do you feel about hunger? Should we push through hunger or have a snack?
  19. @susanna21: What kind of sauces do you eat with your meals?
  20. @waverlyharden8369: Would you be able to do a video on your natural fiber clothing?

- WHAT I EAT IN A WEEK | *high protein + fiber rich meals*: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] on cheers guys M so good so cold welcome to a way eating a week video I'm so happy to have you here I love sharing recipes with you guys here are always asking me to share more recipes and that's what we're doing today this is going to be a very realistic what eating a week I'm sharing with you guys strategies that I like to use to get myself back into the habit of cooking and eating more at home because I definitely have fallen off a bit and although we eat pretty well when we eat out we are't really gluttonous and crazy it does get you off track from your goals slightly because it's just hard to stay healthy the more you fall into eating out if you know what I mean okay it's just a slippery slope it's so easy to just fall off so we're getting back into it we have a little teddy grham protein smoothie okay I used my favorite Owen vanilla protein powder as well as peanut butter honey you can do almond butter as well and cinnamon as well as obviously almond milk and it's so good it's not too sweet and it's really really great if you're trying to get your protein up like me I do want to say this I am not a doctor I'm not a nutritionist I'm not anything like that I just like to come on the internet and share my Journey with you guys yeah if you are trying to go on a new health journey I highly recommend seeking out professional help now I do want to say I don't follow any crazy diets I do try to eat pretty high protein some days I'm lower carb some days I'm higher carb it just depends on how I'm feeling how my body feels I'm a huge advocate of listening to your body and just giving it the fuel that it needs I'm really in touch with my body and I'm just really observant of what my body is getting more of and what it needs more of and what it's not getting etc etc so all in all list listen to your body do what feels good for you let's get into this video cheers I definitely forgot to tenderize my chicken or make it a little bit flatter so I just did it a little bit in the pan by like putting some pressure on the spatula makes it a little thinner and it helps it cook a little bit more even okay guys so this is dinner tonight we have a little hot honey chicken moment I actually Incorporated some buffalo sauce into the egg wash when I was adding the breadcrumbs onto the chicken so that's where we're getting our little Buffalo moment from and then I hand seared the chicken on the stove make sure you like flatten out your chicken you can use a tenderizer or you can just use use your hand or a pan or something in your kitchen to flatten out cuz I usually do that but I forgot this time but it's okay I'm pretty sure my chicken is good I paner the chicken then I threw it in the oven for about 10 minutes just to make sure it was cooked throughout I threw my broccoli in the oven as well as the sweet potatoes and yeah this is my dinner it's going to be so good you can also do like a little buffalo sauce honey moment you know mixing it together and glazing it over this meal to have more of that buffalo sauce flavor but I am just going to eat like this and yeah this is my dinner [Applause] I am starting this morning off with a high protein Greek yogurt parfait as well as some hardboiled eggs topping it with some berries for the fiber adding some peanut butter granola all that good stuff this is an ideal breakfast for me this is my go-to salad we have chicken black beans lettuce a little bit of cheese oh I forgot tomato I'm going to get some tomato real quick hold on I have so much tomatoes in here I always buy tomato and I don't like it going to waste there we go okay so back to our little reveal can't go without the Tomato we have lettuce black beans chicken tomatoes and a little bit of cheese this is my go-to salad I chopped up my lettuce really finely I like it to be really chopped I could have chopped it a little better but I like to get every single piece um chopped up so I can half flavor in every single bite so yeah I'm going to get some salsa probably eat this with my salsa and dig in I'm going to show you guys how to make this chicken later on this week I'm going to make a fresh batch I've shown you this recipe multiple times if you're not new here then you already know but if you are you'll see this recipe in a bit but b a petitte so hungry and this delicious honestly I haven't even eaten this and it's the best thing I've made all week I am so excited to dig into this I did make my husband's with a bun or with some sourdough bread so you can also do it with sourdough I just wanted to do it Lettuce rocked to see how I'd like it m this lettuce is so crunchy that is excellent 10 out of 10 would recommend starting our day with some coconut Colt per usual let's get our gut heal in check first thing in the morning I'm getting through this really quick so I might need to go get another one I think I'm just going to do the regular old fashion version next we'll see one spoonful that is just diabolical every time I mean the strawberry isn't horrible but my L it never gets easier but it's all I'm literally teared up I'm like tearing up from that all in the name of Health just make some breakfast adding a little bit of butter to my pan why do I keep getting spinach everywhere all right guys breakfast is really simple this morning just two eggs with some spinach and a little bit of cheese as well as some butter toast breakfast is never truly revolutionary every single day a lot of times it's just some scrambled eggs if I have the energy but most of the time it's just hardboiled eggs for me but yeah this is what we're going to have I'm going to put my eggs and spinach mixture on my piece of toast it that way and bada boom bada bang we have breakfast this morning guys today I woke up craving pizza because Pizza is my favorite thing to eat in the world so I thought to myself that we should make a little protein Pizza moment and I know you're following me okay if you know me you are know what we're about to do got some Greek yogurt we're going to be making this very similar to how I make the protein Bagels the really popular protein Bagel so one part Greek yogurt one part flour okay also throwing in some baking powder and a little bit of garlic seasoning to make it a bit more authentic okay make the crust crust okay trust the process guys we're trusting the process we're going to start with the dry ingredients just to make sure everything is incorporated nicely I'm super nervous but if this goes wrong then we have backup food in the fridge I've never done this before but I'm hoping this works so I'm making a mess about a tablespoon or teaspoon and a half bunch of garlic powder mix this up smells so garlicky cup of Greek yogurt it's probably going to be a little too much dough now that I think about it but time to mix after kneading tirelessly it comes out like this okay this is definitely a trust the process moment so you just got to keep kneading it until it comes out as like a little ball like this now we're going to kind of work on a flowered surface to flatten her out I will say this might be bigger than I really care for it to be cuz I really like a thin crust so I probably could have just done half a cup of Greek yogurt and half a cup of flour for just one serving but we're going to play around with this we're going to see how this comes out nonetheless but our ball is pretty much ready to go as you can see we're going to put a little bit of flour here not too much just a sprinkle sprinkle this is so fun to me yeah this is definitely way bigger than I care for it to be I really wish I had one of those things called a pin wheel but we're going to do it old style like this okay I don't know how good that's going to work actually I want it really really flat really thin okay guys we have this little tortilla pan that we purchased a while ago sorry I got flour on it but I decided to line it with a little bit of parchment paper just so I don't ruin it and we're going to actually put our dough on the parchment paper flatten it out and then make a little crust is this flat enough I want it to be as thin as possible okay okay this is so fun okay for our pizza she's almost ready to go we have our crust ready okay I think she looks great I was expecting her to be too big but I definitely do think the one part or one cup of Greek yogurt one cup of flour is great for a little personal sized Pizza like this for my toppings I'm just going to use a little bit of this pizza sauce nothing crazy I think I got this from HB a little bit of mozzarella and this spicy uncured shery selection from Trader Joe's this is so good and obviously this isn't the healthiest thing in the world first of all it's processed meat but it is just not the best so you can use like turkey pepperoni in place or you can use chicken or ground beef whatever sounds great for you but just going to use a little bit of this it won't hurt let's make our homemade pizza I'm super excited about putting this in the oven guys oh and I'm going to use a little bit of this Italian bomba sauce cuz it's so spicy and it adds a good T I knew this was going to be hard to open I jinxed myself I was like I'm not going to be able to open this on my own hold on got it open okay she's independent she doesn't need a man guys this looks so good I put in the oven for about 20 minutes at 400° and then I broiled it for about 5 to 10 minutes I was watching it because I wanted the crust to get really crispy but yes I also broiled it for a bit so overall it took around 25 minutes for this to look like so and it looks amazing so be careful cuz it's hot I'm not going to touch that however I do want to shave on some fresh parmesan so we're just going to top on some of this fresh parmesan I like arugula on my pizza so let's add arugula and some hot honey we're going to put our pizza on an actual plate okay yeah I definitely definitely outdid myself with this one I don't really love eating on camera these days that much but I have to share with you guys my raw reaction because this looks so good and it does not look like a protein Pizza I mean look at that it stayed intact like the bottom looks so good like an actual pizza so let's like try this okay first impressions the crust is really good especially on the outside like you can see how like crispy it is but the inside it is a little gummy one thing I would do different is I would make my crust a little flatter so it's not as flat as I would like it to be I would like it a little bit flatter but I would probably cook the crust first a little bit just to get it to my liking before adding the toppings if that makes sense so cook the crust a little bit maybe for like 10 15 minutes maybe pull it out then add the toppings and cook it a little bit more that's probably what I would do next time is this like a pizza crust no but is it still really good yes it's still really good just a look on the inside I probably could have cooked it for a little while longer just a little bit not too much but just a little bit just to get this inside part A Little Less gummy it's not super gummy from 1 to 10 it's probably a three on the gummy scale but still really good I'm not a crust eater do you eat your pizza crust or do you pass I'm definitely a passer I typically give them to MAA youall know she's right here all right guys I'm about to make my favorite chicken recipe with you guys I had the chicken yesterday in a salad but I didn't really show you guys how I make it now if you're not new here you've seen this recipe multiple times okay you're probably over this recipe but I'm not over it okay I love this this is my favorite recipe to come back to when I am falling off track and I just need to bring things back to basics this is basics for me okay this is Basics I want to know what your basic recipe is down below cuz I would love to try some of your tried and true healthy recipes like what helps you get back on track like what helps you bring things back down to earth and get you back into like a healthy flow this is it for me all you need is an onion jalapeno I'm also going to be seasoning it with Cajun and cayenne as well as a Italian bomba sauce from Trader Joe's which is like my favorite it makes everything tastes amazing we used it for our pizza earlier have my chicken here and I'm also going to be using a little bit of chicken broth as well just to make it nice and Saucy and I don't know what I'm going to make with it I'm not sure if I want to do a salad again or if I'm going to make maybe some nachos I just don't know how I feel right now I'm kind of still full from that pizza we're going to see how we feel after the food is made which key tip keeping yourself on a good schedule when it comes to food is really important because it helps you not overeat if that makes sense like eating when you're hungry and not when you're starving makes a big difference love crunchy lettuce okay guys this is my chicken sorry about the lighting the sun's going down but I used quite a bit of it for my salad there's only about like maybe two servings left in here but this is how it looks super juicy so delicious so much flavor and like I said I made myself a little salad this is how it came out looking it looks so good we did lettuce and beans black beans for the fiber of course lettuce for the fiber chicken for the protein cheese for the flavor and tomatoes because I just love tomatoes I just love the cold Taste of tomatoes with like hot chicken and hot beans the contrast is just amazing so this is going to be my dinner I'll probably make Michael maybe a taco later on tonight this is my goto when I literally don't know what else to make but I want to eat something really good this will always get the job done this is my breakfast today again Bland boring I made my eggs super hard today yeah they look crazy this is my first time trying this sausage let me show you guys the Box real quick this is the organic Amy L chicken sausage I got this from Costco it's really great there's about 14 g of protein and this is my first time trying them I had the Amy sausage links the chicken sausage links those were really good we finished those really quickly so now we're on to trying these I'm going to try one of these patties M that's good it tastes like breakfast it has like a hint of sweetness I wasn't expecting to like that taste so much so yeah this is good 100% and these apples these honey crisp apples are the best apples in the world this is only half because I ate the other half while I was cooking I am making literally the quickest lunch these are my seasonings I'm using Cajun cayenne and Blacken seasoning for this recipe this is just going to be basically a shrimp salad so quick can take you less than like 20 minutes to make I love a good little bit of blacken seasoning on my seafood and these over and do the same on the other side so I didn't really put any oil because there's going to be oil in the pan I don't think it's necessary let's go assemble our salad all right guys this is my very fast lunch it looks so delicious first of all this is really really quick I feel like it took me forever cuz I was filming but this should only take you like 20 minutes okay I'm not sure if I'm going to like the apple cider vinegar but actually let me try it let me try it hold on okay guys here we go Bona peti oh yeah that is so good yeah that little makeshift dressing I made you need to make that like absolutely yes so good I'm going to have to go make this again it's a shame cuz this is all the shrimp I have left I'm definitely going to have to go get more shrimp this weekend and make this again cuz this is Bomb you need to make this for lunch I'm going to eat this this is so good these are so little why are they so tiny little snack okay guys so we have a little salmon bowl with coconut rice and some broccoli I love making my rice with coconut milk it gives it such a great flavor if you like coconut rice so this looks pretty planed and boring to jij it up we're going to be adding a little bit of sriracha and this cupy Mayo I I have never tried the C Mayo before I've seen so many people talk about it so I'm super excited about trying this for the first time just going to put a little bit over each part just a little drizzle and then just a little bit of sriracha this looks crazy but I really honestly just love mashing up my salmon and mixing it in with the rice M that's really good it's just been a seafood day so delish this is so good this is my breakfast you know the other day I said my breakfasts aren't that interesting and I lied I make some pretty bomb breakfast this is a little feta egg moment I love feta cheese with eggs it's so good well the new thing I've been doing is cooking my feta with the eggs a little bit of feta with the eggs and then also topping it with the eggs so it's Incorporated throughout we have some toast it's about to be so good n we have a buffalo chicken salad this has my mouth watering I have been craving any type of like buffalo chicken something all week and I just didn't know what I was going to make so we made a salad and I have a little homemade dressing that I don't even really feel like I need cuz the chicken is pretty juicy and buffalo I just like panser the chicken and threw the buffalo sauce on top but I did make a little dressing with Greek yogurt I added a little bit of buffalo sauce Greek yogurt a little bit of mayo some honey to make it a little sweeter and olive oil as well all right we're just going to drizzle a bit of this dressing not too much perfect lunch actually let's try it first before I say that M so good delicious the red onions and the Cucumber pairs so well with the buffalo sauce I don't know what it is but it is so good guys we made it to Friday and I'm so proud of us because first of all we didn't eat out once this week okay we didn't drink any alcohol we didn't have any processed sugars we've just been eating our whole foods for the most part and feeling good and honestly guys this was the reset that I needed I needed this reset so badly I just didn't know how badly I needed it until today cuz I feel amazing my energy levels are so high and would you believe me if I said my period was in the next 4 days yeah it is and I don't even believe that because typically around this time I feel super moody cranky I usually have the worst Cravings I can't get a hold of my diet during this time it's really hard for me and I'm not dealing with that right now and you know I'm I know every ludal phase isn't the same trust me my last ludal phase was bad but really taking grasp of these habits eating healthier making more Whole Foods and stuff like that it really does help alleviate those symptoms for me during the ludal phase and Prem menstration and whatnot so it kind of does help it kind of does help not deal with like the crazy Cravings so anyway cheers to that and cheers to a great week hoping to have another really great week next week actually I'm keeping this going honestly like I want to keep this going I do not want to take any more breaks because it's getting warm out and I've been playing too much and I really want to like just feel good this whole summer so we're going to keep this going we're going to keep these Vibes going so make sure you try some of these recipes if you're in need of like a total like reset and refresh definitely prep some of the stuff you don't have to make every single thing like every single day I definitely was using smaller portions of food so I didn't have a lot of waste but you can make a lot of the stuff in bigger batches and like meal prep for lunch and dinners or even just make your lunches for work and then try some of these recipes for dinner whatever feels great for you honestly but yeah everything was bomb like honestly I did not have a thing this week that I did not like anything that I tried that was new was chef's kiss so definitely recommend all the recipes and the green juice honestly I usually have a green juice day but I ran out of spinach this week so I just now got more spinach and we're back to our green juice day I forgot to put ice in it but it's fine this green juice is great packed with fiber and that's another thing all of these recipes are packed with not only protein but fiber so really great for your digestive and de Health as well let me know if you try any of these recipes let me know if you want to see more of these but if you guys want to see more of these I'll definitely add them to my rotation in my videos and stuff like that so yeah tonight we're probably just going to stay in we don't have any plans thank God I want to keep these Vibes going however I do think we're going to have pizzas tonight I'm going to make homemade pizzas except not the Greek yogurt pizzas we're going to make some regular pizzas and watch paradise and all that good stuff so I'll see you guys in the next video peace out Girl Scout bye thanks for spending the week with me a generous drizzle this is the pizza of my dreams so good so delicious everything honestly everything h

  Top Comments:
  1. @abbybraun1955 [6 likes]: Just found your channel and you are amazing!! I love the way you talk about weight loss and caring for your health in such a compassionate and non-toxic way. So healing!!
  2. @THEREALSKYEG [2 likes]: Nailssss this color looks amazing with your skin !!!!
  3. @mishka831 [1 likes]: 👋Recipes posted anywhere?
  4. @inemandrew3351 [1 likes]: There is always something so satisfying about videos like these. They make the thought of living alone so exciting. Thank you for this. ❤❤
  5. @teedennison3850 [1 likes]: You can use a tall drinking glass to thin the dough out
  6. @Thejennmachine [1 likes]: You’ve inspired me to get back on track and get back into weight loss mode 🙌
  7. @jolishat8094: Can list them out by day
  8. @Kim.2: I like to put my dates in the fridge so they are cold and chewy and dip them in Boars Head chocolate hummus....
  9. @Smousch03: Parbake the crust next time. Give the dough a few stabs with a fork to release air bubbles and bake it for like 10-15 minutes before adding the toppings
  10. @83prettyblack: I Like thos chips in fuego,soo good.
  11. @pinkloading: Am I the only one who actually likes the taste of the strawberry coconut cult? Like it doesn’t bother me at all, I crave it lol
  12. @MRS.SammeK: If you put the cast iron on broil for 10 mins and cure it you could do the dough on it. I have made my pizza like that and it never sticks.
  13. @teeknight4142: My 2yr dtr was pretending to eat your pizza at the end 😅🤣, she said it's hot
  14. @itsnaomipatricia: Hi Janet☺️ thank you for this! Do you have the names of the meals in list form at all that I could refer too please?
  15. @TonishaByrd: I love the food in a week content it is both motivating and practical
  16. @despinadanas97: just found your channel and I'm so happy and excited. I've been struggling for so long and you're wonderful! thank you for sharing everything! And oh my goodness you have a Rottie I have one too . so cute!
  17. @darlenegibson3017: Paradise was an amazing series!
  18. @darlenegibson3017: I love pizza crust, my go to is 2 baked chicken wings and green beans that helped me out big time.
  19. @DeeDee-a29L: Thank you for sharing.
  20. @yolandabrown2702: Where are your recipes?

- WHAT I EAT IN A DAY | 48 Year Old, Whole Food, High Protein 💪: Kind: captions Language: en so it really is pretty amazing how much food you can actually eat when you're focused on real whole unprocessed Foods as close to their natural state as possible most of the time hello my friends it's Danny and today I'm sharing a what I eat in a day as a 48-year-old woman who loves food and who is trying to increase her protein intake because I'm working on some strength and fitness goals because I am determined to live the second half of my life feeling more fit and fabulous than I did the first half and I I know I'm not alone here because so many of you message me and leave comments letting me know that you too are trying to increase your protein intake as you're working towards your own health Wellness weight Andor fitness goals so I am excited to share but I do want everybody to keep in mind that this is just a snapshot I am not suggesting that you should eat what I eat or that there's only one way to do this I'm a big believer that there are many different ways to approach a healthy diet and depending on what your personal goals are where you are in your lifestyle Etc different things work for different people but I too love to see what people eat in a day so I'm excited to share with you and I'm also excited to show you what it looks like to eat 140 gram of protein in one day and still maintain a balanced diet but first things first I'd like to thank my friends at element for sponsoring this video if you follow me on Instagram then you know I have a slight obsession with the electrolyte drink mix element electrolytes can help prevent and eliminate headaches muscle cramps fatigue and sleeplessness which could all be symptoms of electrolyte deficiency and I know speaking for myself all of those things aside I just feel so good when I drink it and it is absolutely delicious so I'm going to talk more about element throughout the video but for now let's jump into what I eat in a day now remember this is a high protein day so each of my meals I'm aiming for about 30 g of protein some are a little bit lower some are a little bit higher and I've been experimenting I've tried three meals a day I've tried four meals a day and right now I'm playing around with five smaller meals a day so that's what I'm going to share today but keep in mind that this is all a process and really the key when it comes to eating well or making changes with your eating approach is to practice consistency over Perfection so my first meal of the day is split into two it's coffee and then food but first coffee but before I even pour my coffee I do pour myself a large glass of lemon water as a matter of fact I personally find drinking water to be a little bit tricky so I have this large gallon container that I fill every night before I go to bed and then I drink from this container all throughout the day so I pour this in my water and then I'll continuously pour from this container because it just helps me keep track of how much I'm drinking and no I very rarely drink the whole gallon but it does inspire me to drink more when I can actually see how much I'm drinking as for my beloved coffee I brew a nice large mug of coffee and then I add one one scoop of collagen which adds 15 g of protein to the coffee along with one scoop of creatine and I started doing that after hiring my fitness coach last year so I'm currently strength training four to five mornings a week and creatine simply helps to support sceletal muscle and strength plus you can't taste it at all you can't taste the collagen either so I stir them both into my coffee and then I top that with a couple of tablespoons of steamed half and half and then right over the top I'll do a little bit of fresh grated nutmeg or sometimes cinnamon just depends on my mood then while I enjoy my coffee and om to the G I really enjoy my coffee I will read and journal and just plan out my day until the rest of the house wakes up and then around 7:00 a.m. I have the second half of my meal and this is a very simple meal but it's still a very delicious meal all I do is I toast up half of a sprouted raisin English muffin and then I top that with a little bit of mashed avocado a slice of turkey and then I'll put an egg right over the top and if I don't feel like cooking I'll just use a hard-boiled egg cuz I always have those in my fridge as well it's so simple but it's so delicious and between the coffee and this meal I'm able to get 30 gr of protein in before I head out to the gym without having to eat a big heavy meal and then before I head out the door I just fill up my water bottle again and I add some element now I'll use half a package of element here because I like to save the other half for later in the day because not only not only does it make me feel good but it really is so delicious I look forward to drinking it and I find that it makes drinking my water so much easier and I love that they don't contain any artificial flavors any sugar any artificial coloring no gluten and no fillers the hardest part for me is deciding which flavor I want to drink because they are all so good if I had to pick my favorite it would probably be the mango chili or maybe the watermelon or maybe the raspberry it's very hard it's a very hard decision you're going to have to try them all yourself so you can decide which is going to be very easy for you to do because element is offering everybody in the clean and delicious Community eight single serving packets free with any element drink mix order so this is a fantastic way to sample all the flavors all you have to do is visit drink element.com backd dannyp that's d r i n k l m nt.com back/ dannyp once I'm back from the gym and I'm showered it is time to eat again it's usually about 10:30 or 11:00 a.m. at this point and I have been making the same meal for like months now it's my semi-homemade protein pancake and you might be familiar with this recipe because I've shared it with you in the past and I will link it for you down in the description box below usually what I do is I prep a bunch of jars on the weekend I'll make five or six of them and I just combine some uh pancake mix protein powder a little bit of cinnamon some baking soda and a tiny bit of fiber powder so they're all prepped and ready to go and then I'll just grab a jar I pour in some liquid egg whites mix that together really well and then just pour this into a pan just like you would if you were making regular pancakes um P.S I will definitely link all the recipes for you down in the description box below so that you can grab all the details then I like to top this with some peanut butter powder it's kind of just like dehydrated peanut butter and you can add a little bit of water stirred together and it makes a paste just like you see here um I have nothing against regular peanut butter but I do find in trying to eat a higher protein diet that sometimes I have to get creative right because if you're having high protein and high fat and high carbohydrate it tends to be too much food so this is an easy way to have my peanut butter and eat it too so I'll just spread that right over the top of the pancake then I sprinkle on some fresh berries and I'm going to tell you it is absolutely delicious a really great option if you want a sweet breakfast meal that is still high in protein this breakfast is going to pack in 30 gam of protein and I'm sitting down to a big fat pancake delish this is the point in the day that I'm just going to go work for a few hours so I will pour myself another big glass of water and I add the second half of my element pack and then I just stir that all together and sip on that while I'm working throughout the afternoon okay after a few hours it's time for lunch so it's time to eat again now it's usually about 2:00 p.m. and this is when you're really going to see me lean on my meal prep you know that I'm a big fan of making Head Start ingredients I just find that it makes life so much easier once a busy week gets rolling and lucky for me we just shot that video that I shared last week which was my cottage cheese and vegetable egg bake so I have that left over in my refrigerator so I'm going to have a nice Big Slice of that this is essentially an egg and vegetable casserole right it's a layer with eggs and spinach and mushrooms and onions and feted cheese and then I stir some cottage cheese into the mix as well because not only is this an easy way to bump up the protein but it's actually delicious it makes a really creamy fluffy texture and for those of you who missed the video last week I'm going to link it for you down in the description box below so you can have the exact recipe then when I eat it I add a big fat dollop of Greek yogurt over the top yes another way to get protein but also delicious a little bit of hot sauce and then I'm just going to chop up an apple and eat that alongside this is a really quick and easy lunch and I don't know if you've tried the honey crisp apples yet but they are too die for so I'm pretty excited about this one then after lunch right before I get the kids this is when I like to have a little more coffee and this is when ele comes back into the picture which by the way did you know that electrolytes help to support hundreds of functions in our body so things like hormone regulation fluid balance and nutrient absorption I just think that's so interesting and I think that's probably why I feel so good when I drink it which brings me to my afternoon coffee now I used to want like a big cup of coffee and maybe like a little cookie or something sweet but I have replaced that by making this chocolate chai mocha coffee with the element packets and let me show you what I do I brew a double shot of espresso and then I take the chocolate chai elements they also have like chocolate mint and chocolate raspberry so many delicious flavors I pour half of this into my coffee I save the other half for my husband cuz I usually make him one at this point as well then I stir that in then I add in some hot water and then finish it with just one or two tablespoons of steamed half and half it is so delicious it's like I can't express to you how much I love this coffee and how much you need to try it I remember when we first got the chocolate elements my husband made it it's so good it's like a it's like a cafe mocha but even better and I had no desire to taste because I just thought chocolate and salt didn't sound like a good combination until I tried it and I was flored and now I literally look forward to this drink every single afternoon okay so then I go to get the kids and then it's like all the things fast forward fast forward fast forward and now we're at dinner and my friends here's the thing some things have changed in the last few years because I have teenagers my son is going to be 13 this month my daughter is just about 15 and it is a rare occurrence that we're all home for dinner together together so often times I am packing my dinner and watching a baseball game or running around like an Uber driver and so I just pack my meal with me so I keep it really simple but still very delicious let me show you what I've been making so I start with some roasted caboa squash it's not really in season right now but I just love it so much and I'll just roast it up on the weekend or in the morning when I'm making the kids lunch boxes it's very similar to having say a sweet potato but it's not as starchy so it's lower in carbohy rdate and it's lower in calories and I like that because I tend to be a volume eater so I like that I can have bigger quantities right like you get more bang for your buck and then on top of that I add some simply steamed green beans another ingredient that I prepped on the weekends or sometimes I'll do my meal prep in the morning when I'm making the kids lunches I add a little bit of salt a little bit of pepper a little bit of garlic powder when in doubt salt pepper and garlic powder will never let you down it's basic but it's delicious then on top of that I add some shredded chicken now this is Simply shredded chicken that I make right in my slow cooker I've shared this recipe with you before I will link it below I will often make this during the week just to have on the counter because this way when the kids come home they can make bowls or burritos or salads or whatever they want and my husband and I have it as well to build simple bowls as well then to top this off I just scoop out about a half of an avocado some good healthy fats and then I put a big do of kimchi over the top which is which is great for gut health but again it's also very delicious I have to kind of laugh as I hear myself talk because while I am very health oriented and I am my food needs to taste good so I promise you everything we chat about is delicious and by the way this dinner packs in a solid 30 g of protein actually I think it's even a little bit more from here I just pop on a lid and this bowl comes with me and like I mentioned before I will just eat it on the go whether I'm waiting to pick somebody up or I'm sitting at the baseball field I have dinner packed and it's with me so I don't get hangry and I don't get tempted to stop and buy some lowquality food option that doesn't align with my present goals then later in the evening once we are all home my kids are usually hungry at this point I'm usually ready for a little snack as well and so I really like to sit with them because this is when we talk and kind of catch up and recap on the day so I'll usually do if I want something sweet at this point I might do like a Greek yogurt with some fresh berries but lately I have been making this Savory snack plate because there's something about like chatting and noshing that I really like right a little nosh a little chat a little nosh a little chat so here's what I do I'll start with a small bowl of popcorn I'll put that on my plate then I add up a few fresh cut vegetables today I'm using um uh bell peppers and some cucumbers then I'm going to add a nice big scoop of hummus and then because we got to pack in that last bit of protein for the day I'm going to add a few cut rolls of turkey I just take turkey turkey organic turkey slices roll them up cut them in half put those on the plate and then a few pickles for a nice Tangy Crunch and I know for myself it really helps me to make the plate right because if I just took the bag of popcorn out or I just took the container off hummus out I would definitely eat more I just would right again the chat and the Nosh it can get you in trouble but it doesn't mean you can't do it just put it on a plate put it on a plate put it on a plate I'm going to get a t-shirt that says put it on a plate don't stand at the fridge don't eat out of the container put it on a plate I'm going to hang that on my refrigerator so there you have it a high protein EA in a day video with a 48-year-old woman who is determined to feel better in the second half of her life then she even did in the first and just for anybody who's curious that entire day of eating came in just over 140 g of protein and just under 1,600 calories for the day so it really is pretty amazing how much food you can actually eat when you're focused on real whole unprocessed Foods as close to their natural state as possible most of the time and once again I want to thank our friends at element for sponsoring this video I truly am a huge fan and I do recommend you give them a try because not only do they make you feel great but they are absolutely delicious and they're offering everybody in the clean and delicious Community eight single serving packets free with any element drink mix order all you have to do is visit drink element backd dannyp that's d r i n k l m nt.com back/ Danny speeds and as always I would love to hear your thoughts your comments your feedback down in the comment section below and if you have any suggestions on videos you'd like to see in the future drop that there as well because I want to make sure that we are making videos that are helping you and that you want to see thank you so much for watching I'm Danny Spees and I'll see you back here next time with some more clean and deliciousness cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @CleanandDeliciousDani [167 likes]: It's been a while (4 years, to be exact!) since I shared an EID video. This is a snapshot of a day of eating for me during the week. Please let me know if this is helpful (or entertaining, lol!) and what other types of videos you wold like to see. XO - Dani
  2. @Irestelar [4 likes]: I used to binge, had a very restrictive diet. Went “all in” with foods and never binged again. Now I eat whatever I want, eat more intuitively and never felt better.
  3. @renae8299 [1 likes]: 10:30 am and all that she has done is make food for herself, consume expensive supplements and workout? What if you have a job, kids, house to look after? Not to mention other people to prepare food for besides just yourself. I guess this is not the channel for me!
  4. @lucypedzinski1403: I dont understand how you claim to be a health expert? Just looking at your menus abd ingredients there are so many toxins! You should check your viceral fat abd the toxins and you will be surprided to see that your whole concept of so called healthy is zero!!!
  5. @jennifergrabinski3537: The title says Whole Foods but deli turkey English muffins pancakes mix none of those are Whole Foods my dear
  6. @sharonhoekzema5923: Always eat supper together! Make it happen!
  7. @yelenaboyko273: You cannot put creatine into coffee.  Coffee cancels out the benefits of it.
  8. @rachellemccann7506: Orange and grapefruit are my favorite LMNT flavors.  My doctor actually “prescribed” it to me for my low blood pressure.
  9. @nilaxshimistry1154: Hi Dani, thank you for sharing your story about clean and delicious. I was hoping and requesting you to add more vegetarian friendly recipes, I do eat eggs. Thank you.
  10. @judithmurphy419: I use Vital Protiens Powder - three to four scoops per day.  Do you think that is too much?
  11. @betsybishop9096: I love your videos but was wondering, most all of your info can still be used for  75 year olds, correct?
  12. @KookaburraCrumbs: I'm admiring your eyebrows. So happy elegant eyebrows are showing up again!
  13. @robinmoritz8334: The English muffin is processed
  14. @lisatotaram8584: Be careful with lemon water as the acid from the lemons take a toll on your enamel. Even with a straw. Element is not sugar free. Please only drink the unflavored ones. ❤ Great video!
  15. @eldagarcia5968: I heard you cannot mix creatine with coffee
  16. @sandihunter1260: First thing in the morning you should drink warm temperature water with lemon, not ice cold. I drink two glasses every morning after I wake up and then have breakfast about 2 hours later.
  17. @paulettelambert7965: I see you eat processed turkey? I’ve heard/read it’s bad for you? Hummmm
  18. @espressoyourself8679: Omg I thought I had to cut out bread for my 30 days whole foods diet I was gonna do soon …..
  19. @carolouellette3022: Is the protein breakfast in  your new cookbook. With egg whites and protein peanut butter
  20. @amya2324: I’ve started tracking my protein intake as I was well behind with what I’m supposed to get each day. I use the Yuka app while shopping to avoid harmful additives.

- Feeding The Super Rich: How Billionaires Eat: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Britain is home to an ever increasing number of billionaires they're the richy rich and Rich we've got clients who are royalty multi-billionaires this is Jay-Z and Beyonce's house champagne for once of a better description and feeding them has become big business will cost you 8,700 the Exel s uh 1,400 per kilo it's a lot of money today's International Jet Set expect the very finest food and drink I'm used to caspan Cave to the real stuff expensive very expensive provided by a private network of luxury suppliers these will just be gone like feeding strawberries to pigs to survive in this competitive market they must produce more than just food they want a whole experience they want to be immersed in a whole different world a lot of our clients use us to show off I mean that's why they come to us it's genius it's a genius idea they must satisfy the whims and excesses I'm having a coconut fit right now delicious it works of the world's most demanding clients they are demanding yeah they're the richest people in the world when you're rich having the very best food isn't just about the taste it's about showing off and impressing your friends one lady hoping to wow her friends is Jory white an important Milestone is approaching and she wants to celebrate with a party it's her 17th wedding anniversary I want something that's going to blow everybody's mind with food and drink and something that's theatrical and extraordinary if you really want to impress someone and make them remember the experience for months and years to come you really need to take that step further and give them something that is super sensory and super experiential and that's what I'm hoping to get Jury has chosen bubble food to cater at her anniversary party pioneers of Molecular Gastronomy they're famous in cele and millionaire circles for their Innovative use of Technology attention to detail and creative presentation people now want food to be entertainment they want it to be a spectacle and they're quite willing to pay a lot of money for it people don't expect just to eat good food now they want a whole experience they want to be immersed in in a whole evening in a whole different world boss Michael must pitch bubble's very best ideas to jury to wow her they're going to have to pull out all the stops can I have a glass of wine please calm me down a bit the dinner party will cost more than £10,000 it's a laborious process of pitches and tastings to perfect the menu because it's a 17th weding anniversary I think it would be quite nice to propose um 17 century moments throughout the evening it's a tying with the number really to give a little bit more of a viso touch let's do this hey jury's husband photographer Adrien is joining her for the pitch to meet you good thanks nice to meet you Michael knows how to do it his team know how to do it and the chefs are all so fantastic I think the type of people we've got coming obviously have been to lots of different events before so they're not easily impressed but impress they must so bubble will tailor the evening specifically to jury whims and wishes I'm having a coconut fit right now because coconut is where it's at yeah and so I really want to do something with coconut I mean we can incorporate anything into the menu I mean that's that's not a problem as well as coconut jewry loves truffles so the team has devised a truffle hunting experience guests will hunt through a box of leaves to find truffle flavored canop so it's in it's in the wooden box filled with kind of leaves um and bark like a ham and truffle CET so truffles I'm up for it Adrian's exhibition is all about it's coming together big time and it's all about trees and Forest maybe we we go down that road a bit that really excites me cool cool but when you when you take the canop you have to put these headphones on which are um snorting pigs I'm not going to be 100% sure that I'm going to choose to do that but I really would like don't mind trying it at all you'll try it at the tasting and you'll love it you're going to love it because it's such a talking point there'll be eight courses at the dinner party and each one must be approved by jury and Adrien the Truffle dish won't be signed off until they try it next week at the tasting so you're going to have to live up to the game baby you you need to up the anti and do a wow super job every Morel needs to be super tasty it will don't you worry Don't You it be amazing the last party that Michael did for us was probably three or four years ago and people still about that party it was so amazing a lot of our clients use us to us showing off is important to Britain's new Elite and being the first to try the most exclusive club or the latest culinary hit is a good way to get ahead new places new clubs new restaurants a lot of rich people around so they're ready to pay today something new has arrived in Mayfair a group of wealthy socialites have gathered to try this latest food fashion it's a Scargo pearls or snail's eggs to the rest of us snail caviar is a luxury item on the continent we're trying to introduce it here um so obviously it's the first time producers Sophie and Mike have done a Mayfair tasting it's not a flavor that sits on it's a tough a to impress which includes former Mrs Russia Maran smirnova I like K but just a little bit scary to eat this white one I'm used to caspan Cave to the real stuff and I don't think any new stuff can beat the old stuff M that's nice not taste like real Cav it's it's different very different isn't it very very different it kind of rolls in the mouth and flops the real one but this is much harder fresh snail caviar isn't yet on sale in the capital but that could all be about to change I like it more I prefer this one just really don't know where to buy maybe in haret the tasting has been a success but it's early days for Sophie and Mike's fledgling business I love it it's painstakingly produced it takes forever it's labor intensive and it is a labor of love Sophie and Mike don't just sell the caviar they make it a far cry from Swanky Mayfair at home in Alsbury in their back Garden he's just waking up he likes the warmth from my finger that's it he's curious now he's going to come out and have a look Sophie and Mike became snail Farmers by accident when Sophie ordered some edible snails online by the time they arrived to us they're all crawling around and I couldn't bring myself to eat them so we kind of kept them as pets then the obvious thing happened 21 days later Bingo we had more snails than you can ever imagine so they started a business selling around the UK gorgeous what they had to learn fast and I believe I can run the Peace of American thank you very much download V eyes are on the stalk and the two tentacles go out the front they solely feelers but that's not the strangest thing about snails they fire darts from their heads to arouse their Partners you can never stop learning there is always something we snail will do that's a bit bizarre you think wow snails are hermaphrodites with both male and female reproduction organs after mating for up to 12 hours both Partners lay eggs and being snails they do that in a rather weird way too so he puts his head into the cup and at the last minute he twists his body a little turns his head on one side and they lay their eggs out of their head and then we're left with the caviar you'll see some of them all lay 20 to 30 eggs and some of them all lay 100 or more before they can be sold the eggs must be washed and painstakingly sorted it takes a long time which is obviously why we have to come on on the price because the amount of Labor that goes into this Sophie is the only snail caviar producer in the UK so if she can crack the luxury Food Market there's big money to be made you got 12 G for € 29 SO2 ,400 per kilo it's a lot of money if you've got more money than most showing off on holiday with a super yacht is just the ticket it's Midsummer and the south of France is a wash with mega yachts and mega spending on all things extravagant this is Arman De Brat this is Jay-Z and Beyonce is house champagne for want of a better description about 200€ 250 a bottle though so um what's so lovely about this is that The Branding is so understated isn't it it's not at all tacky is it yeah certainly some of our clients like a bit of bling Simon O'Neal runs a company called penum supplying the finest food and drink to the biggest and brashest boats on the coat henm is Latin for Provisions it's also the a of penis as my father told me um so he's a Latin scholar which wasn't very good after we've done all The Branding but no penam is penam is the Latin for victuals and to provision prior to departure the kazour is a tightly knit and competitive Place Simon's been running penum for 3 years and so far business is booming furthest one is one of our clients as is this nearest one quite modern looking the richest people in the world own these boats it's as simple as that multi-billionaires they are the most incredible expression of wealth she's probably 75 80 M long you've got to be looking at 100 million plus for that we've got clients who are royalty we've got clients who are multi-billionaires the majority of the people that charter boats are just incredibly wealthy or high-profile individuals but they are demanding yeah they're the richest people in the world Van's going to leave tomorrow morning to go to Italy Simon buys whatever the super yters want and delivers it to them wherever and whenever they need it Dairy fruit veg meat fish laundry toilet paper expensive bottles of wine the whole Gambit everything that you could potentially require and we have to go to some considerable lengths to get what it is at the client wants it's not for us to decide whether the Manuka Honey is important or not we just need to get it who's this for sparkling vodka what are they going to come up with next with new boats arriving every day it's the busiest time of year to make money for Simon and his team we're right in the middle of the Season at the moment we've got five months of the year in which to make our money orders are coming in on a regular basis and the team's at full stretch so it is as busy as it can get in Alsbury Sophie and Mike have gone from keeping a few snails as pets to becoming Farmers trying to distribute flour onto the The Damp leaves and the this evening the snails will come up pretty much eat the lot they now have a field full of snails being fattened up to sell to restaurants as aaru they're ravenous at this age the first ones we put in 2 weeks ago are huge already growing the business has been been a challenge as Sophie suffers from multiple sclerosis it affects my legs it affects my hands and it affects my Mobility for me because I'm not as mobile is sometimes so frustrating because I have to rely on someone to do something for me can you move this can you lift this sometimes it is so totally frustrating she's amazing see it is totally amazing I couldn't have done it on my own I couldn't do what she do Sophie's determined to expand the business by pushing their snail caviar into the luxury Food Market they've already attracted the attention of michelin's starred Chef Aiden burn I first discovered the caviar on the doorchester it was horrible but then we started buying snails snails with snails she said that we've uh you know we've got this snail cavar and so she sent it in and and and I tasted it and it wasn't anything like what I remembered it to be you know the flavor is a little bit more refined it's not as soily it's just always there to bounce ideas with if I've got an idea that I want to do something can just pick up the phone and it's great at400 a kilo Aiden uses the caviar sparingly It's the final garnish for his signature snail and razor clam starter pleas it's a it's a bloody expensive ingredient we quite literally put about eight or 10 pearls on each plate with it on the plate I have to sell the plate for5 more there we go amazing your snails but Aiden points out a major problem with Mike and Sophie's business plan it needs a reliable Supply we get it very sporadically you know we'll phone up and say we've got no cavar can we get some oh it'll be another 3 weeks before we can have some and then it'll just turn off out the blue the suppliers unreliable because the fresh eggs only last a week but after a month experimenting in the kitchen Sophie thinks she's found a way to preserve them without altering the taste this could have a massive impact on our business it's love dust simple as that we're producing something that's got a lot of love so it's got love dust the secret love dust is sent off to the lab for testing Sophie must wait three months to find out if it could transform her business it's High season on the coat desure and the mega Rich are jostling for space to show off their super Yachts the Yachts can cost up to a million pound a week to Charter so whilst on board the guests naturally expect the very best food and drink this is mar Town's top CV €3,000 sold to the gentleman in the front row proper bit of bling isn't it at penam it's their busiest time of year Simon and his team are working flat out to complete orders 500 mil that you have you know what they're like they leave this all to the last minute they expect us to move mountains so give me a shout when you're on deck and we can run through the order this is a couple of thousand EUR a bottle very difficult to get a hold of client wants to we've got them the whiskey is part of a 12,000 order to be sent to a yacht in a Bea but it's not all expensive booze this become a superfood in the UK I have no idea but everybody wants kale why yeah I mean this year it seems that kale is the food trend of the Season Goji berries was last year the year before was Manuka Honey hemp protein seems to be a favorite wheat germ powder not for us to ask could we just get on the supply like toilet paper everybody's got to wipe their ass we're required to get them everything that they they could possibly want from us the world will stop turning if Madame doesn't have her zero% soy milk yogurt in glass jars that was the only thing Madame was going to be eating and drinking for the next two to three weeks well she got it but luckily her husband spent the thick end of 20,000 on fine wine so it made it all worth everybody's wild to do it whilst every billionaire enjoys the Finer Things in life there are a few items on the list that are more familiar to the rest of us Simon's assistant Paul is at Jeff the south of France's very own Corner Shop full of British products at coat do your prices so this will cost you about £250 in the UK by the time it arrives here and it's on the Shelf we're looking at probably around 8 but the time we mark it up and we sell it onto the yacht looking at maybe 11 possibly 12 that's nearly nine of our British pounds so you could say it's the most expensive Marmite in the world with a Marmite safely packed the van will drive down the coast to Spain catch a ferry to a Bea and rendevu with a super yacht probably what you've got in here is probably about 15,000 worth of produce it's just because it's got so much wine it's a little bit of expensive bits and pieces lots of lots of Fine Chocolates yeah so someone will'll be parying on someone's boat tomorrow with lock next up I beef in London luxury Caterers bubble have been hard at work creating bespoke dishes for jewry and adrianne's anniversary party today they must find finze the menu it's going to be so much fun I honestly I can't wait to give all of our friends such a complete taste sensation and kind of visual sensory kind of overawing kind of whoo what's going on they're all going to have so much fun and I know for a fact that they'll talk about it for ages to come so this is a little taco for Chris with Hamachi King Fish M yum lovely presentation with the with the hours every dish must be tasted critiqued and signed off by jury before it can be served at the party next week our next canipe is a little bit of dice native Lobster t with black radish and gold leaf very nice very nice bubble of presenting some of the world's most costly ingredients served not just as food but as theater house smoked sea trout with much the mayonnaise is that's a good one this is the one I was talking to time for the show stop a box filled with leaves hiding tiny truffle flavored canopies that be the sound aspect guests must root through the box like pigs hunting truffles in a forest what going on there that's kind of cool I like that to help get into character headphones play the sounds of oinking pigs T that enough actually you need to put that on there when you do it it's really good that's delicious where's another one I'm sure I recognize one of those pigs very very nice so I think Jory if you maybe sit here after truffling success time for the mains but first bubble have another surprise they've scentered the napkins with personally tailored oil perfume so for jewry it's the all important coconut coconut Center towel oh nice I love coconut oh and J's husband likes trees so his tow smells of trees thank you so this will be a really lovely touch for your guests uh there'll be there'll be one overriding scent that you know your guests are probably a real fan of whether it's something Woody whether it's something Citrus or floral and we can really tailor the scent to your guests um specific taste Chef Yen has a budget of over ,000 ahead so the fish course up next spares no expense so the osetra caviar is about um £600 a kilo so obviously that costs a fair bit uh king crab is a really premium product over100 for a for an actual crab and of course it's all topped off with a sheet of edible yet tasteless Gold Leaf so although it's quite a small dish um yeah it adds up it's worth B but with the next two courses there's a problem the barata ball looks a bit like the octopus carao the presentation's very similar to the tomato dish and I'd kind of prefer it if it wasn't a similar presentation and I can't deter from the tomato dish cuz it was so Divine we could represent it and send you images if you want it's a tough one how do we play that one then you can think about that Jor is looking for Perfection but these tough decisions must be made soon I think we need to refine a couple of things and make sure it's exactly what she's looking for Michael and his team have just six days to create a menu that satisfies her every desire it's one thing being able to afford the finest food and another knowing how to eat it William Hans makes a living from teaching British table manners to confused foreigners food is pivotal because we do it three times a day and we judge people As we judge people on their handshake we judge someone by how they eat and I don't care how much money you have if someone is eating messily noisily or badly I'm not likely to want to eat with them again William is only 24 but has been teaching etiquette for seven years and travels the world giving tutorials people think I'm doing this as a hobby or I'm some sort of character sort of a bit like Keith Lemon or something like that um or Dame edner if we're being a little bit more upm market and and but no it is a proper job this is this is not some sort of sick perverted joke this is actually this is me I mean this is my life today William is meeting Galia an USC businesswoman who loves everything British I love the britishness I love driving Jager you can't be the class of British cars beautiful smooth sophisticated classy always wanted a jagger that's that's a star by she's about to receive a lesson on the art of afternoon tea how do you put the napkin you know how do you eat your scon and uh things like that I would like to learn how to do it properly they're meeting at the Goring near Buckingham Palace it's the hotel where Kate Middleton stayed before her wedding William is going to teach garia how to have tea like a princess the issue is that they've got a lot of money and they've got all the designer stuff and they've got Fine China they just don't quite know what to do with it it's it is all the gear no idea just around the corner from Buckingham Palace etiquette expert William Hansen is at the Goring hotel for afternoon tea he's here to give a lesson in table manners to Gia and USC millionaires Gia hello how's you doing how do handsome for foreign visitors there's no more englisher meal than afternoon tea but its rules and conventions are a minefield so William starts with the basics could you just show me how you would stir your tea I'll try not to be nois round and round right yes that that's lovely what what we're actually going to do is we're going to go back and forth back and forth because you won't Splash as much not not sort of skipping on along the surface just back and forth back and forth gently and then flicking the teaspoon above the uh tea not hitting it on the side we don't want silly noises and then putting it parallel to the handle at the back go doesn't it look lovely table manners differ enormously around the world correct me if I'm wrong but in Russia you would put your hands rest your wrists on the table when you are not eating and this is to show that you're not carrying a weapon whereas in Britain the hands go in the lap because of course we're unarmed we would not be so rude as to kill someone during a meal we would wait until afterwards what happens at the tea or at the lunch or at the dinner is much much more important than than killing somebody having safely negotiated The Cutlery William starts work on Gia's language skills now of course the pronunciation of the word scon is is perhaps one of the more important issues that modern society faces would you say it is scone or scone according to the uh pronunciation rules it should be scone we actually would pronounce it scone because once it's scone it's gone a lot of people call it a scone because again they think it's it sounds more sophisticated than a scone slightly affected but her majesty pronounces it scone and it is of course her English so I think we will go along with with scone so would you like a scone yes please yes that's a fruit one there the jam is over there Out Of Reach For Me Now what I'm not going to do is just lunge across you and grab the jam I would say to you Gia would you like some jam and you would say no thank you and then you would say and then you're stack no and then hopefully you would say but William would you like some jam and I say yes please so I would not ask directly for the jam that would be quite imp polite 2 hours four scones and three sandwiches later garia knows all there is to know about afternoon tea when I first came to this country I obviously the first thing I did was having afternoon tea at Ritz dochester and Forman Mason as you do uh I probably didn't do it properly then uh and I certainly know how to do do it properly now I am a little bit old before my time yes I'm I'm a 50 something in a in the body of a 20 something year old I will probably have a nervous breakdown when I'm 50 and behave disgracefully but we'll wait for that day to come in the south of France British etiquette and quiet Reserve aren't required here the bigger and brusher the better and Simon is more than happy to supply it it's the end of the season and he's heading to Monaco to discuss an order the chefs that we work with are under tremendous pressure they've got to produce amazing quality food because the people that they're providing it to are um multi-billionaires Simon is meeting Patrick Wilkey the chef aboard the yacht nasima thanks how you doing Patrick good to see you mate likewise nasima is a 5050 M long 20 million super yacht this is just stunning isn't it lovely little fish tank pretty impressive I don't think I've actually seen a fish tank on board a yacht certainly not as a dividing wall yeah built 3 years ago Nima can go around the world but spends most of her time on the shores of the Mediterranean come through here you'll like this there's a fully equipped gym so guests can work off their lavish meals you don't bang your head on the ceiling I thought you would good on you mate there's room on deck for two jet skis two speedboats and a hot tub this is the master and of course Sumptuous accommodation for up to 12 guests pretty impressive isn't it and um well this is this is my little this is my little room in here I share this with the uh with the chief engineer he's on the bottom I'm on the top we don't have to top and tail at least it's close quarters but you get used to it Patrick is dealing with an impromptu party for 60 guests so gives Simon an order of vegetables seafood and wagu beef that must be delivered to the yacht by tomorrow afternoon all right so you're happy with everything for tomorrow thank you very much cool thanks for your time Patrick good luck absolutely wonderful see you for the last six years Patrick has lived side by side with the world's Mega Rich there is unlimited budget with these guys so you can literally Buy what you want and the quantities that you need without being hindered by monetary aspects of it you know I've worked on boats where 500 notes bang bang bang piles of them lying around the boat literally piles of them lying around the boat um and it's it's unfathomable these guys have got so much wealth that they can wish and dream for anything they want to they can have it can you get a couple of different varieties of bread for lunch one baguette and one sort of whole meal or cereal bread please it's enough for eight people we did have some um Russian folks on a boat a couple of years ago who they would bring their own cans of 500 G of cavat and it's the real real stuff the boss would come down to the galy it's say uh make me some bleen bleenies okay make some we'll make some pancakes up from says give me a spoon spoon and then he get this big dinner spoon you know put two or three big slopping spoonfuls of this I'm talking about you know 200 bucks a spoonful boom boom boom so you know it's a big expensive plate sour cream on top of that rolled it up eat you must eat that was awful the next morning Simon is up early to complete Patrick's order first stop pick up the seafood the demand for the fresher Seafood is so high at this time of year that fishmonger Jill Works a 20h hour day hello yes the seafood doesn't just come from the med it's flown in from around the world with a price tag to match expensive very expensive 100 Kil for two person for two person very expensive Lis V chel bye-bye next stop is to collect Patrick's prized wagle beef from maon lino the prince of Monaco's Butcher of choice bring it all through here sweet look at this so you got your edible flowers lovely and some bits and pieces in there rabbit foodit of rabbit food good good good Dion's Great Sand and stuff that is well that's the Piero resistance o la la that's your Wago yep we've got this from our local butcher lovely this is coming in at about 250 a kilo cool now now I'm happy with that that'll cook up beautifully Wago beef is very popular on Yachts Wago means Japanese cow essentially and it's heavily marbled little strip of fat and goodness going through it and it is gorgeous it's very very lovely stuff I would not be buying it at home my wife would freak the most famous wagu comes from the island of honu in Japan but this Prime Beef can now also be found in pois in nor Wales this is Abramovich he's a Japanese black wagu bull directly descended from Japan he arrived as an embryo from Australia 80 years ago and he's the daddy of all these little Cales here this herd of exotic cattle belongs to Farmer ior humph beer time boys ready for some beer here so it's a little bit yeastier than normal but the cows certainly love it come I get you beer then boys he even Farms according to Japanese tradition that means giving the herd beer every day to improve the marbling effect that makes wagu meat so valuable these boys are nearly 30 months old most British beef is killed at 12 to 18 months old the marbling is the last fat to be laid down and so they need a bit more age than than usual to get to that level what we're doing is not catering for the supermarket we're catering for somebody who wants their beef to taste better I think the beer helps a little bit doesn't it relaxing for man and Beast occasionally yeah we like to share I mean we need to get a pint out and relax together or we can talk rubbish to each other just like in the pub it's not all beer and conversation the herd enjoy another wagu tradition there is that extra 1% which gives it that X Factor and I think that's the massage I got to spend quite a while doing this but my wife does get a bit jealous sometimes yes but she's next in Asbury this year's snails have been harvested and are ready to be cleaned cooked and sent out to restaurants they hibernate so they'll they'll go off to sleep until we're ready to use them in our first year we probably grew 200 300 kilos and we thought it was a lot of snails um now yeah we're over four ton of snails and things are quite different the result of Sophie's snail Caviar recipe have come back from the lab and they're not what she was hoping you receive a report back and it will show you the different areas that it's fallen down in and obviously on prediction we can just look and see that it wasn't going to make a three months test it's quite easy to find something to preserve the caviar that's not a problem at all we we could preserve it um and give it a three Monon shelf life no problem whatsoever but if it's altering the flavor of the caviar then it's no good we've just got to keep putting testing and testing until we get the right one undeterred Sophie has decided to launch another snail product wow there's always something else you can do with snails so the next little episode is the crisps we're just waiting now for the green light for the packets to be run and 'll be out in some of the stores Before Christmas what do they taste SN let's go go crisps this is just another one of those weird and wacky ideas she come up with me it's really going to work it in London at jurri and Adrian's home the big night has arrived for bubble food we with Three Chefs five waiters an event manager and freshly baked personalized buns a night like this costs well over ,000 ahead we need to blend into the background we need to be very quiet the focuses on uh jwelry entertaining with our guests we don't want anything to um detract from that I'm hoping for every single one of our friends that walks through the door to be wowed by every taste Sensation that they have and I can't wait to give my friends this experience we're going to have so much fun in Southwest London guests are arriving at Jury and Adrienne's house to celebrate their 17th winning cheers Caterers bubble have been working for weeks on this 10,000 pound food Extravaganza you know Adrian of course head chef yen and his team are adding real wood smoke to the sea trout starter so they get a nice waft of smoke just before they eat their nice smoke sea trout C any so I kind of made my way around and found my that doesn't last long so it's time for the bespoke Woodland truffling experience complete with pig noises so basically put these headphones on and it's a sound of foraging in the forest while you're eating these truffles are you it's wicked so wicked so wicked this pig I'm in the bar they're snorting taste sensation really good sound effect and you're talking really loud Tom yeah really good thank you amazing wow it's genius it's a genius idea tonight has already been a success based on one canopy with the canop all gobbled up hands and faces all cleansed with a personally scented hand towel it's time to read tonight's menu with a magnifying glass it's been shrunk and printed on edible paper this is aami Bomb yeah so but if you take your Looking Glass and you look on that little piece of paper that's your entire menu for the evening that's brilliant tonight bubble is serving more than just food It's Entertainment on a plate always like fun with my food I think it's Balsam vinegar you think it's like cavia but it's not and jury's guests are suit be wild it works it's been an evening that will do jury's reputation in London Society nothing but good I'd say it's the most extraordinary in ventive and experiential um sufferer I've ever been invited to it's been amazing amazing much more than expected in fact and I think everybody here has been absolutely blown away at a mere £10,000 it's a wedding anniversary to remember for jury and Adrien when you actually meet someone you know that that's the right person then 17 years is a very short time 17 goes by very quickly it's been a good fun ride on the coat desure it's been a record season of excess the super rich have spent billions on their super yachts and they've binged on the world's finest food and drink whilst on board we've had an amazing season this year we've gone from strength to strength so there's absolutely no complaints we've just done a really good job this year Simon's company pen and Provisions has turned over more than a million pounds this summer these look superb boys so to celebrate he's throwing a small party for some of his chefs and suppliers somebody who can afford to own a super yach they've either been born very lucky or they've made it very lucky them spending the sorts of money that they spend supports a whole industry of people who then ultimately pay their taxes and live normal lives the nice thing about working for the richest people in the world is that there is a little bit of a filter down process and it is nice at the end of the season when everybody's worked flat out to suddenly turn around and say hey guys why don't we just cook some of the same meat that we've been giving to our guests and that's why it's as good as it is 5 miles up the coast the guests have arrived on super yach nasima so Chef Patrick is working flat out in the kitchen it's party time I hate making canop but I do like a good party he must cook and send out hundreds of canipes singlehandedly you've got to have a lot of experience you got to know what you're doing you've got to be able to handle the pressure and if you can't handle the pressure you're in the wrong job I'm happy with those why wouldn't you be Patrick has catered to the super riches every whim 24 hours a day for the last 5 months and it's taken its toll when you think of all the suffering that's going on in the world at the moment you know obviously got the Syrian thing going on and you know there's so many times you'd like to go out there to the um to the clients and just slap them and say wake up you know look what you're doing look at the the look at all the money and wealth you've got problems could easily be alleviated with less greed basically there's vast amount of greed going on you have to put your blinkers on put your nose bag on and just get on with get on with your jaw do you know the thing about this these will just be gone like feeding strawberries to pigs and I need some white wine ASAP very tired but not tired enough to have a few beers that's for [Laughter] sure when Aima returns to Monaco next June it'll be with a new Chef Patrick has decided to quit you come in you do your work you work hard you work bloody hard but uh but at the end of the day I could I could take it or leave it and I choose to leave it you know I'm going I'm going back to uh spend lots of time with the family Britain is home to an ever increasing number of billionaires they're the richy rich and Rich multi-millionaires and billionaires are the people that we deal with I'm a shamelessly an entrepreneur you know we're very sophisticated here and feeding them has become big business you're looking at between about 150 to2 200 per portion but in the world of the super rich only the very best food and drink will do it will cost you 8,700 people spending money just for the sake of spending money it's only chocolate I want that magic formula to survive in this highly competitive market food producers must be willing to go to extreme length you going to give you an experience of your lifetime you can't serve a drink like this in a glass so you get your own handmade Crystal spoon and indulge the appetites of the world's most Discerning clients makes you want to cry doesn't it we're going to open the treasure box the extravagant Cravings of the super rich are growing the UK's luxury goods Market is worth over 30 billion a year every week a new supplier arrives in the hope of taking a bite out of this lucrative high-end business New Yorker Jerry Toff has 4 days to crack London with his extraordinary product This Bar in this box is to us a piece of artwork and each bar is individually engraved with the bar number Jerry claims to be selling the world's most expensive bar of chocolate in the UK for example the the price would be £195 and for your95 you also get a handmade wooden box a 100 page booklet and some special tweezers our chocolate was made to express the aroma almost even more so than than the actual flavor in the mouth our idea was to kind of try to distance our fingers from our nose as much as possible so that we would get as much of an unadulterated feeling for for that Aroma for Jerry his chocolate is almost too good to eat sometimes people the people just want to pop in their mouth it's almost painful to watch and there's been times when people will be you know moving to pop in their mouth and I be no no no not yet we have the bar itself here we took a lot of pains to to make sure that the the bars have a clear sheen on the surface so I'm always extremely careful to never touch the surface of the bar I only hold it on the ends the appearance of the bar is important Jerry and his team of four chocolateers handmade the bars themselves from a rare cocoa found in the Ecuadorian rainforest one thing to take into account is that we've only made 300 Bars we made 15 50 bars of our light we made 150 bars of our dark we work really slowly Jerry has three tastings set up to sell the product he hopes a little of his precious chocolate will go a long way I have three bars of our 2015 rain Harvest light and then three bars of our dark currently the most expensive ch chocolate bar in London is20 Jerry needs to turn the market upside down with his £15 bar if he's going to make his business work it is a bit polarizing if you can buy bars of chocolate that cost you know4 LB why would you possibly pay so much more if I didn't know more about chocolate I would also have that same reaction I would probably be in the side of people that thought that think it's it's it it's ridiculous the luxury Food Market is a highly pressurized place to do business once you found a niche keeping ahead of the competition and maintaining the standard your high-end clients expect is the key to success digging there's only one little slice of clam in there Daniel Humes supplies Top End Food to the owners of private jets I like to walk into the kitchen and it be really busy cuz if they're standing around twiddling their thumbs one they end up killing each other and two it's not good for business ex private Chef Daniel set up the company a year ago it's grown from Three Chefs to 15 and now handles 50 flights a week I had catered on Yachts as a chef and I'd catered in private households as a chef I thought well someone must do the catering for the aircraft so when I looked at the industry there were some good companies but I just found that there was a need for something that really pushed the boundaries his team of boundary pushers cat is to their clients every whim no matter how exclusive or mundane we had a a a sports star used to fly backwards and forwards from London when they were based in the US and they wanted pie mash and green liquor and monster Munch and chocolate bars everybody has their vices everybody likes their fun food and their comfort food that sports stars pie and mash cost over ,000 good afternoon on air dining Amanda speaking how can I help hi Sarah we don't we go get that one sushi and sashimi would you like me to send you a menu over and then you can have a look through okay now we do go into London to go get it from suan is that okay for you today a Pakistani oil billionaire wants sushi for his lunchtime flight tomorrow okay lovely yeah no problem I'll do that for you now on air have a special relationship with mayair suan restaurant which means they'll open at any time for a price they open at 12 so we're not going to be able to get back in time for their flight we ring them and we say would you mind opening early for us to come and have this Sushi and S sushimi but you pay for that it does come at a premium yes it's going to be for 10 people instead of for to do 10 people on that you know you're looking at £4,000 at 500 a.m. delivery driver Stefan is dispatched to London to pick up the sushi this out of hours delivery will add an extra, to the bill they'll be there cooking their food now ready for me to pick up for 8:00 on air spends £50,000 on Suma sound takeouts every year door oh yeah we've got there yeah mate from on a dining got a collection yeah I get it cheers receipts in there is it yeah thank you very much cheers sushi on board Stefan has 2 hours to get to the Harold's private jet terminal at Luton just in time for a very expensive lunch at 30,000 ft hi it's um Stefan from on air dining I've got katering supplies cheers we won't do second best we won't run up the road the local Chinese just in case it's got to be the best and that's what our clients expect from us but delivering the best comes at a cost not just to the client but to Daniel's business are you making a profit are we making a profit no we are not profitable now we have because the reason being is because we've ramped up from an operational point of view to have a team of 15 chefs Logistics team the wages is our biggest cost hello Daniel and his wife set up on air dining with two wealthy investors my wife and I we've invested everything I mean I had to borrow heavily against credit cards and high interest loans and we really struggled and we you know we had to put food and Kids Club on credit cards so if it's about how much we've risked then yeah we gambled everything every last penny and even money that didn't belong to us that we had to borrow from Banks and credit cards so that's why you need a very supportive wife the bigger business gets the more people you got depending on you so it's not just your family and your life and your children you know is every person you employ depends on you at the end of the day so that puts a lot of pressure when we're making profit regularly it will be the pressure will ease with regards to the stress and the sleepless nights Isabelle and Daniel are on their way to cracking the superrich market but they need more business and they need it fast many of Britain's new super rich are Russian they spend half a billion a year on London's finest properties one Russian has even bought a shop the poshest off license in the country Hedonism wines it's run by Tatiana faka for us wine is about drinking and Hedonism is about drinking wine so even if it's an old wine even if it's um you know a very rare bottle we would IDE dearly love for our customers to taste it rather than put it away and never have a sip of it wines costing mere thousands are on the shelves but for something rather special you need Tatiana's key this is the old vintages Vault where we have the most treasured bottles the bottle that I would like to tell you more about is the chat de cam 1811 it it will cost you precisely 8,700 interestingly I have a customer who uh said that if he gets the bonus that he is expecting to get this year he will buy it but not only will he buy it he will drink it the Shop's Russian clients think nothing of spending thousands on a bottle then drinking it in the same evening obviously the situation in Russia has changed dramatically in the last 30 years and people who didn't have access to anything gained access to everything and I guess this is the key point about Russian mentality that you don't know what will happen tomorrow you can be a billionaire today you can say something wrong about our government tomorrow and the day after tomorrow you can be an exile so if you have a greater bottle of wine the cadistic approach is drink it today drink it with your friends share it but some customers have a more conservative approach wine collectors are big in London like Austrian financier Claus UMC I do not know um that much about austrians but I think austrians would be much more reasonable than Russians are thank you Claus has a wine collection worth millions how long is it since you started collecting some um rather recently so I probably started like8 nine years ago okay I also have a stamp collection from my grandfather once a collector you become a the only thing I don't collect is cars footall stickers yeah I did that when I was a kid yeah today klouse is trying wines from Hedonism special vending machines this gives a chance to lots of people to taste a very large variety of wines at u a very small price so that's £650 for a single mouthful this has got Claus's name on it definitely okay and the name of the wine is the thrill of stamp collecting mhm it's very nice I'm a lot less of a drinker uh than I am a collector I probably would want to limit myself to uh once or twice a week what's the scale of your collection in terms of numbers of bottles uh it would be around 20,000 that's a lot of wine it would be providing for some Bean drinking for a while for a number of friends good morning Samantha this is Charlie from on air dining in stanstead Daniel St for prepping another last minute order so this is a quite a big order that we've just got coming it's for one of our quite a a large client and I need to organize um stuff like Crispy Cream Donuts uh lless cupcakes they want some sushi and some Arabic food I'd like Crispy Cream Donuts on my private J if I if I had one to make the business pay they need to maximize the cost of everything so staff don't just make trips to Mayer they're also regulars at wait Ros in Bishop stford so what do you want me to pick up mini Philadelphia cream cheese with the bread sticks or without the bread sticks so I'll be back in a bit with the Philadelphia and bread stick order ticked off ex Soldier Mac now needs a peacan pie but wait Ros are out of stock you're right oh sorry and basically I've had a bespoke request for a PE campai now unfortunately our Chef is flat out we'll pay anything you accept DX as well hi Tim it's Mac um no P campai unfortunately but the Belgian chocolate KS I feel completely ridiculous going into shops asking for the most random items going but it pays my mortgage so I can't complain Max Mini bread sticks and chocolate cake will cost the client over £200 but this concierge service isn't enough to turn a profit Daniel needs to find new business we've built a brand aiming to the ultra high net worth Market that we can plug in other businesses to to maximize the amount of money we can make from the investment he's decided to expand delivering food to the homes of the super rich as well well as to their Jets this is really important that we can do this to the houses now and you know if they're eating it in the air why not eat it in your house for the launch of the new Venture Daniel is considering an amazing new ingredient to serve at his first dinner party you want a showstopper you want something that you can come back and say check this dish out so he's heading to Norway to north of the Arctic Circle his of some rare and exclusive shellfish and wants to convince A supplier Rod Sloan to sell to him what I tend to do is I tend to work with things in the ocean which are not common it's kind of like being a chief Scout for Manchester United but in the ocean in the food world where I go and I look for new Talent only supplies this to a select few some of the best restaurants in the world so I have to make this journey I have to come up here to to show him and give him the confidence that we are the kind of company that will really look after this produce Daniel must impress Rody if he wants to claim a place in this exclusive and highly marketable Club how you do hey man please to meet you nice to meet you how you doing good welcome fatic thanks very much today the sun's out but Rod often Dives in highly dangerous Arctic conditions he's hunting for rare shellfish like soft shell clams mahogany clams and sea urchins which he flies direct to Denmark's Noma restaurant voted the finest in the world this is really where I made my name was with the sea enss we put these in the market for a long time all of a sudden they become hugely fashionable because NOA start to work with them this is the product that linked and I together and this is the product that everybody wants this is the story my clients are after they want to understand where something's come from the Providence the story behind it and how you create a dish and you make something that's more than just a plate of food so we're going to give you an experience of your lifetime by the time the sea urchin hits the plate it's worth over ,000 a kilo so you're about to say something okay that's just going to be magic not many people get to do this this is to me the best so feel privileged this is the roll that we're going to eat just give me your hand there you go is the sweetness that I wasn't expecting yeah really sweet the sweetness really knackers your brain doesn't it and this and but then you've got that kind of salty kick from the sea that comes in afterwards that kind of adds to the but the after flavor that you've got left over in your mouth just hangs just hangs you realize this is the phenomenal amount of money you've just eaten it's like tablespoon in caviar from the tin that yeah it's kind it's kind of bissy you know that's quite a flavor the shellfish costs as much as the finest Beluga So Daniel must prove his cooking skills before Rody will agree to supply him a Little Closer To Home Ex Cavalry officer Charlie is Daniel's first lieutenant he's checking out another new product we found this wonderful little Artisan Supply which is just up the roads um at the other end of the runway in stanard little place called um Elum so we're on our way there today to go and um see this chat and see what he's got to offer Michael Johnson has created a drink that he believes has no rival we expected to be drunk alongside the finest wines and champagne and so on this is a luxury water we're talking about most topen mineral Waters come from mountain springs or glaciers Michael discovered his when he redeveloped an old Jam Factory do you ever say that it comes from underneath the Jam Factory in essic I we we haven't said that but um because it it it didn't come from exactly under there um it comes from over above a confined aquifer that means a big lump of chalk full of water we wanted to make a statement wanted to be different to everybody else um and we positioned ourselves right at the very top because we think this is the finest water you can get if you you want something special this is This Is It Michael decided only a perfume bottle designer could do his water Justice to have a Premium Water you've got to dress it correctly this bottle it comes together in two halves so a lot of expense and time and trouble has gone in to creating this bottle that has a different shape this glass has got a Clarity to it that you wouldn't find in other bottles it's designed to show the water off Elum water is shipped all over the world and commands a premium price in some restaurants up to £30 a bottle water itself is an Exquisite product to be admired revered and enjoyed on its own how crazy is that where you're one side of the airport I'm the other and we've never met I'm absolutely fascinated by this yeah so come down and let's have a CH that water does that look pure to you yeah yes it does got to give it a go treat it like red wi show temperature I am treating it like red one good but is it worth its3 price tag it's it's it is just refined that's the only way I can describe there is no hint of any metallic trace on there uh pure as pure can be it's always the same pure p r in a world that values exclusivity Charlie has another item to sell to onair dining's wealthy customers water who would have thought that such Exquisite water would be so close to us eh or even that Exquisite water even existed so close to us or even that ex Exquisite water existed full stop in central London New Yorker Jerry Toth is trying to sell the world's most expensive chocolate bar for £95 the very early days I said I think it's going to have to cost something like $40 that was before we we decided on on the Spanish Elm box in New York potential customers will happily spend three hours with Jerry tasting his exclusive but small offerings I brought some chocolate if you'd like to try will London Cher Anna franois Wayne be so patient I've got a problem really understanding what's driving that really high price cuz even if you come the wood box and the leaflet and it's a bit over the top for a bar of chocolate that's 50 gr Jerry opens the first of his six bars almost afraid to touch it but Anna franois doesn't bother with his special tweezers he's handed little to the Coco because he wants it to be all about the bean he's hoping that's his USP I don't know if what you wanted was to get the floral notes but if that's what you wanted I think it's very acidic okay um you know chocolate should kind of take you on a journey so you should have kind of a beginning notes and then middle and end and I think at the beginning you do get a bit of the floral but then the minute the acidity kicks in it becomes a bre really fruity and I think for me at the end it's a stringent okay and I find the end of it not pleasant it's like vinegar this is a bean kind of declaring itself brashly that is not how people eat chocolate what they want from chocolate is a pleasurable experience and chief taster Dany arrives to try 8.5 uh-huh my yeah doesn't taste like an 80% chocolate so Aranda chocolate won't be buying Jerry's bars I don't see what differentiates that fine chocolate from my fine chocolate apart from some packaging and that's before Dany discovers Jerry's price 195 you're joking is I thought it was 130 he said 195 even more than I thought don't to put that on camera oh my god really he said 130 okay if he's got a magic formula for him to sell a bar for £195 at 50 g I want that magic formula cuz I'd quite like to put them into all of my stores did it make you think about your pricing we believe that we're making something different to what extent will will people pay for that and and you know that's an open question will Jerry have more luck tomorrow when he tries to sell direct to London's super rich in Norway 300 mil north of the Arctic Circle Daniel Hume is experimenting with rare Seafood for his new Venture a luxury atome dining business right so here comes the point where uh this is a chef's test open one fisherman Rod Sloan wants Daniel to prove his Chef skills before he'll agree to supply him these are my products okay and they represent everything about what we've built here I just I'm quite passionate about it I'm slightly nuts as well but it's it's it's my ocean it's been my life for a long time and um and I can't like have my hard work ruined at the end we'll um we'll have a little play with this then I just let you do your M on plast yeah and I'll come back and just you can maybe feed me a finished dish and explain it to me I've never had to cook something for somebody or do a taste test for to sample anything from somebody before this is challenging cuz obviously I want to show what that we we're going to look after the product I'm just playing I'm I'm playing I'm looking don't want to hide the flavor you don't want to mask it I'm still a little still unsure about that so how'd you get on do you know what it's so it's it's it's it's a lot harder than than than than first expected that's pretty good it pretty good you know it's kind of like a more I don't know if you put like a soy in it or something like that or just add in a bit more what I've added to it is this it's a it's a seasoned soy sauce so it's had infusions put into it I think it's been a really good day yeah and uh I really like it skills uh I like his knowledge with Rod's ingredients d Daniel could create a very special dish the perfect launching pad for his company's expansion this is the beginning of hopefully a beautiful relationship when the wealthy find something they like they'll happily spend Millions Hi how are you Austrian financier Claus umek has 20,000 bottles of wine worth over2 million he likes vintages from important years in his family history the oldest things I have are from the 40s cuz that's when my parents were born um so I have a you know I have 41 eams and I have 47 uh chevar Blan and 47 oon so those are you know kind of sort of trophy old things these things do get drunk but you know unfortunately not on a regular basis but for me it's more the U you know the the whole evening that surrounds opening one of these trophies that uh that makes it uh something that you will always remember CLA doesn't actually drink much of his wine but he does like to look at it so today he's paying his wine a visit at its secret home in the heart of the Wilshire Countryside you'll see the entrance it's very tiny and hidden away very nicely so we're going to open a treasure box it's a high security establishment the wine equivalent of Fort Knox Claus is meeting his wine expert Charles Curtis who'll check the condition of his collection Bas this is health and safety equipment which must be used when go down you may carry these over your shoulder very good thank you there your 58 thanks it might not look much from above ground but underneath it's a different story 100 ft underground is a million square ft of air conditioned vaults storing some of the finest Wines in the world over 10 million bottles worth more than2 billion clients include Andrew Lloyd Weber and Sir Alex Ferguson it's so big it's even got its own train it's like the Lou of of the wine industry in the same way that you can't get through the Lou in a day there's absolutely no way to get through here in a day rack after rack of the most incredible Treasures of the world of wine stretching literally a half mile in that direction and a half mile in that direction time for klouse to inspect his treasured collection you have a look at whether any of the corrosion and the wear is commensurate with the agent and you know Charles will now go into checking color uh height of the wine how much of the fluid has been has escaped through the cork the levels are good I mean it's 85 right so it's a it's a 30-year-old ques wine this 1985 montet was originally sold for around 50 a bottle Charles which are they worth depends on the day you're buying them of 4 to 5,000 us a bottle so klouse has done rather well the thing I love about looking at his collection is almost everything is pristine it's he's put it together in a very intelligent way and that and that they're all wines that will appreciate and value but at the same time they're all wines that he would love to drink every time the markets are bad and people are panicking on one day about China and then happy about it the next you go go on your C you know inhale the smell and there is a real value that you care for and it's a hobby and if everything fails you drink it up in today's fluctuating Global markets financia cla's liquid Investments are safe and secure New Yorker Jerry is trying to sell his 195 chocolate bar but the first meeting was a disappointment he's trying to keep a sense of perspective it's only chocolate it's an easy thing to forget for me and and for our team I need to remind myself of that sometime he's waiting to meet a big retailer but in the meantime is going direct to the client pitching to some all important rich chocolate fans well I love chocolate who doesn't I know so I'm intrigued Jerry is honored there's even a princess present Jasmine Abasi I'm expecting a chocolate that is absolutely Grand to eat chocolates is for two reasons either for one's personal consumption and it has to be exceptional or you give it as a gift to somebody you want to impress especially at this price strange so it has to be beautifully packaged beautifully presented as well Jerry wants everyone to truly appreciate his chocolate which means no one gets to taste it until they've heard the full story I love talking about it we've definitely done tasting events that have been two and 3 hours the ladies don't have 3 hours so Jerry's trying to keep it brief this is the same wood that we fermenter cacao beans in and so five people work working full-time year round to make 300 Bars couldn't just be a standard bar of chocolate it had to be from this really special Source the shortened pitch takes over an hour and they've still not seen the bar there's too much marketing sometimes simple as easier he's not the right person for marketing he needs to get quicker and he needs to get rid of all the buzzwords that are you know we we forested and we Harvest it and all that all those have to disappear and he just has to sell his chocolate how do you feel your pitching's going I I think I still need to condense I think I spend too much time giving everybody the every little detail and I I think I would love to learn how to I'm not very good at sound bites after the long tease Jerry finally unwraps his first bar of precious chocolate um I can smell it can you smell it the sheen looks good it we initially produced over a th000 bars and we rejected about 800 because there were imperfections on the surface and finally it's tweezer time because it is a nuanced Aroma um so if you'd like take you can take a tasting utensil you can use your hand to grab it if it's are you feeling like a proud father at the moment yes a little a little nervous also but proud father this is got to be fingers on that right and when when you eat it um put it after after the aroma put it in the back of your mouth and maybe bite it into two or three pieces but don't chew just let it let it melt in your mouth what we're looking for is a progression of flavors it should show us different things in different moments well it starts off bitter at the back of the month right sure there's a smokiness to it as well it's really smooth it's really smooth really creamy absolutely it's very pleasing there's nothing added into it there nothing there's no cacao butter no vanilla pure gosh did you not think it was expensive it is overpriced for this Market because people here go into any other store and they will pick up a bar of chocolate or even a box of chocolates 50 60 70 and that's fine but that's a real box of chocolates not a bar would you buy it yes I would once in a while I might add that I I did like it but would I pay £195 I'm not like y you know I'm not like yasine I wouldn't pay Jerry's marketing trip is coming to an end he's got one more day to sell his chocolate to the UK at on air dining Daniel chefs are preparing ing for the launch of his new in-house dining service using the seafood he sampled in Norway these aren't just gimmicky items the flavor is amazing the chefs have come up with a very special deconstructed clam chowder sweet corn custard clam juice consum and bacon bits really good it'll be the centerpiece of the company's first atome dinner party event you're looking at between about 150 to 200 per portion and it's it's not about trying to charge them in inflated prices it's about that's the value of that product and that's very important with the signature dish complete the staff prepare the rest of the exclusive seven course meal this looks good this is going to be this is exciting right let's get this packed we got to get going we're going to be late Daniel wants to prove that his new atome service will be just as good as his private jet business we're really putting everything into this tonight and we got water coffee all that sort of stuff yeah we've got water alongside the Nordic Seafood medley they'll be serving the elen and water Daniel's price for the water just 122 a liter I'd certainly like to try some um I I'm sure that the packaging is is beautiful and it it certainly looks like it's worth the money I think it's ludicrous I think it's it's people spending money just for the sake of spending money okay John there we are mate no yep that's it wonderful and um we'll see you there in London Jerry's about to head back to New York after 4 days trying to sell what he claims is the world's most expensive chocolate bar to be quite honest um hearing Jerry uh say the price at £195 a bar was was more than shocking there's a lot of very high price points of products out there including skin care for example where where it may not work but it becomes known as the most expensive product and therefore buying it becomes a state of symbol so this chocolate becomes the top end of the market and represents people who can afford to buy that's a different cache in itself Jerry has one last chance to impress a buyer in the UK I'm excited this is this is what I came to London for and it's happening now so looking forward to it hars have agreed to hear his pitch 2 hours and half a chocolate bar later Jerry finally has some good news meeting with herods went great they're they're fully on board they really want to position this to something really exclusive we're going to work on building a really special display case uh that's exciting I mean it's building a display case is a lot of work you still look so serious Jerry I have the weight of very expensive chocolate bar in a leather bag and on my arm in a mansion in one of London's exclusive suburbs Daniel and his team are preparing for dinner we're adding as much theater as we can we've got the elen and water which one of the most expensive Waters in the world and we're also using our shellfish that we brought all the way back from Norway to just add that added kind of wow factor to the to the to the meal you know so Daniel usually provides food for private jets this is the firm's first atome dining event we're looking at probably in the region with wine included between £500,000 per head he's testing his new home service on his investor Robin southwell who used to run aviation jobs Airbus he's a real foodie real foodie good client of mine traveled all over globally on private jets and and eaten in some of the best places and he knows his whing as well yeah I'm I'm a shamelessly an entrepreneur I look for opportunity invest in opportunity I take risks take big risks I say shamelessly because I'm I'm not embarrassed I'm prepared to accept the downside but I'm equally prepared to enjoy the upside and I'm lucky man Daniel has brought in wine expert Tom Harrow to Source rare and expensive vintages to accompany each dish with the fagra we've got this absolutely insane the asencia known in fact as medieval Viagra po Leo the 13th actually survived for eight extra weeks drinking nothing but this stuff I kid you not it's only 2% alcohol they make barely 2,000 bottles they've only made five vintages since 1990 and of course I was just going to say what's the spoon well absolutely see you can't serve a drink like this in a in a glass so you get your own handmade Crystal spoon to drink it from so the first dish you've got this evening is faga we shall be serving something exceptional with this this is the very first of the world's Fine Wines it takes 40 kilos of grapes to make a single half bottle of this wine this sells in some restaurant it's $125 a spoon and they serve it in the uh it's like a combination of of wine and honey Jee it's pretty special stuff is it Tom's doing his thing they're loving it it's great it's great entertainment they're really having fun it's um you can tell because they're all smiling and when their FA the faces light up and then the next bit so this isn't just about delivering a dish to a table this is about you know it goes in front of them and then you get the story behind the wine and the food and all the rest of it and they're loving it you don't get that in a rest after fagra and medieval Viagra it's time for the main event Arctic Circle Seafood what we've got here is is we've got a mahogany clam and we've got a soft shell clam and each of them have different flavors so delicious marvelous what a shame we only get so little I'd like double that has anybody tried any of this yet I think food is an emotion I really do I feel like when there's amazing food in front of you you do tend to go through a journey like starters anticipation Mains that's it and then dessert wow yeah for pudding it's peanut cheesecake with wild berries served with Elum water so I'd say there's like a chalky quity it's like a chalky slly sine character so I think you can smell the rock where it comes from you can smell the rock which you can't smell in other in other words like in or something the bubbles taste far different to any s pelo I've ever but what did Daniel's staff think of a 30b bottle of water very nice glass of water and what does Daniel really think of this world of excess the business that we provide and the service that we provide in this unique experience pays my staff's wages supports them and their families so for me it's just economics and for those that can afford it fabulous and and and I love the fact of being able to supply that and every single person who works for me they can't afford to have one of these dinners but they love the fact of delivering an experience to somebody go after seven courses and seven different wines gosh host Robin gosh seems pleased with his investment in Daniel's business what a wonderful decadent enjoyable evening with friends with family I am rep I'm happy and I'm grateful yes and I am very lucky for the UK's Millionaires and billionaires shopping has become an art form and nothing gets them spending more than Christmas they they have a budget of a qu million P to do their Christmas decorations and Christmas tree the final price is 615,000 £10,000 to a a multi-billionaire is nothing and that's like a a fiber but while we search out Bargains On The High Street the wealthy used bespoke suppliers of high-end products I designed one with over 22 23,000 soski crystals the sp's best because it's something that's just yours people love to be first because people love to have something that is just of them as the Christmas deadline approaches these exclusive elves are under pressure always nervous though if you're not nervous you're not successful to deliver to some of the most demanding clients on the planet that's a level of service that they want it's not necessarily how you or I would choose to live but it's it's what they're used to when money is No Object how far do you go we'll put about 15,000 decorations on this tree in the quest to have a truly Super Rich Christmas that Christmas Christmas the world's wealthiest continue to flop London more billionaires live here than in any other city and they love to spend but if you've got a fortune in the bank you don't go shopping you have a lady who does it for you uh tickets to the James Bond premere in London at the moment they're going for £8,000 but that is increasing Francis holworth Noble can get whatever you want whenever you want it at a price she runs the London concierge Company Catering to every whim of her exclusive clients private jets to um Monaco you're looking at the billions you're not looking at Millions so they're extremely wealthy International families a lot of them are royaly o archs we provide a service that supports each of our clients individual needs is your phone on 24 day yeah they're awake you're awake it's late summer in central London but Francis can already hear sleigh bells we're organizing a private shopping evening for our highing cents for Christmas we will put it in a venue where they're going to get the best food the best wine and we'll create an experience that is going to make them feel very Christmasy and want to Bing Francis needs an extraordinary selection of luxury Christmas goods to tempt her super rich clients first up is Chelsea Jeweler shsh I'm good I'm good ah you've got on my little I love that love it love it what are you thinking about showcasing well this is um with your um signature piece or mushrooms our little secret to this is that if you press here and this BEC a USB oh that's cute and then this will be the world's most expensive USB oh it's lovely yeah and how much is that 22,9 what else are we looking at but francis's clients don't just need stocking fillers no they also want main presents again of course our Moonlight necklace this is uh our creme the La Creme um the diamond in the middle uh alone is over six karat it's beautiful I love it it has I absolutely love it it has many many diamonds um this is the piece I want to wear on the evening so H how much is this piece uh this piece is 1.9 million nice if the Moonlight necklace is too traditional shawish something a little more out there to light up the party octopus Bango right I can tell you that it is so comfortable to put on that's lovely pink pearl mhm and the eyes are um Marquee Diamond what's this bit here okay that is our secret for this uh lovely piece so you basically uh turn this towards inside and you have a beautiful light and this is the effect you get um in dark batteries are included in the total price this is 450,000 for clients that purchase anything on the night yeah how do we go about payment for that the best thing for that will be a bank transfer M so what I would I tell you my concern is that money is a discreet subject and I think in the environment that we're creating our clients won't feel comfortable doing a transaction on the evening so I was going to suggest the easiest thing might be is if they did the transaction to me and then I transferred the Monies to you with gifts like this Francis hopes to Stage London's most exclusive Market when you're a long way from home Christmas with the family is more important than ever Louisa is a Russian entrepreneur I came from Russia from Moscow my parents they have a banking business and I made my own decision to not to follow them so I decided to move to London and this would be my first Christmas in year of cele crating here in London as I feel myself much more settled now and my family will come to join me luckily Louisa has her own restaurant The Exclusive XII in Mayfair famous for its Choice range of special cocktails today she's on the hunt for Christmas tree decorations and she knows just the man Michael Peterson is London's goto bble guy these are going to help because um these are all the special things I've done prime minister this was for Gordon Brown the official down in Street bble for 2009 they ordered uh for all their staff and um I don't know if it went out to heads of state as well I think it might have done a few but I know that um Tony Blair and all that got some what Gordon gave Tony I don't I don't know if it was that I think it was they knew about it and they founded me secretly and I'm sure it was Sher Blair Sher I called you up it didn't say I'm Sher no but it was her address and she said I used to live in number 10 that was what gave it away so she ordered a few we had to do a deal they were quite good price they got they got a good price today Michael must impress Louisa and her business partner Gerald lovely to meet you thank you please sit down I've brought some samples to for you to see of some exclusive stuff that we've done this is all the traditional English cakes and treats um that my n and Granddad used to give me all Michael's B balls are individually hand blown and can be designed to the client's taste I've got the pors 911 is so good I love this color yeah it's my favorite color Porche electric blue electric blue sounds very cool little red Ferrari maybe outside the front oh yes we have plenty of them out I'm not I've done a few cutouts these are not the actual bubbles these are just to show you size M I was thinking a little bar of gold y yeah it would shine brilliantly I think the golden pineapple that represents wealth oh thank you Michael and celebration now I think it looks amazing and we can can we do it in real gold I think so yeah make something really Christmas tree oh and here is our famous cocktail X's signature cocktail is made with 19th century armanac and vintage Crystal champagne topped off with edible Gold Leaf yours for £ 8,888 it's the most expensive cocktail in the world and have to represent it again yeah we definitely could get close to that I mean we're not going to get exact but we will get really really close do you have a budget in mind for these bubbles do you know uh the budget was um about 10K so the customer who buys the cocktail just pays for the Christmas tree decoration Michael has a £10,000 bble order in the bag and it's only September this could be a very good year I'm a dreamer I am I want to shop in nework York London Paris Rome Tokyo and be the little Gucci of Christmas decorations when money isn't an issue but you just can't think of what to buy you need someone like brand specialist Marcel Noble very first two enables one to be the first to know about and have the best of newly launching luxury Marcel's colleague is Amar thaen see she's done they've come to inspect one of this year's must have festive products Hi how are you here we are oh wow excellent excellent wonderful there's only one thing missing they may look like ordinary Christmas Tarts but wait till you see Rudolph's nose that is over seven karats overal kosa Ruby you know you've got the fun of Christmas you've got the magic of kind of Rudolph but you've also got the ability to create fantastic pieces of jewelry once Christmas is devoured when one thinks about Christmas you think of Sparkle and you think of glowing uh and this here really delivers both in perfect fashion Rudolph the Ruby noosed reindeer Tarts will sell for £475 each and if you think that's extreme look what they came up with at Easter the world's most extravagant chocolate Easter Bunny the rabbit has two Diamond dazzling eyes it came to £33,000 unfortunately the Easter rabbit didn't sell but Christmas could bring their biggest rewards yet we need to give people an opportunity uh to purchase the very finest in newly launching luxury the super rich can have anything they want for Christmas so their biggest challenge is to find something that no one else can buy right brainstorming it's September so the team from very first two must agree on the most unique gift ideas for this Christmas it's got to be truly exceptional absolutely remarkable and never done before uh there is no budget we're not straight jacketed by any cost whatsoever Marcel's team will create one-off gifts that will sell for tens of thousands Christmas crackers perhaps we'd get for example um Jimmy car to write specific jokes you actually get luxury crackers with luxury standard jokes exactly like it luxury our DNA is to enable people to be the very first to have or do Luxury things gingerbread we could do gingerbread people in the likeness of your family but maybe adorning it with like Mickey moso pearls brilliant like it great yeah we could offer the opportunity to have three wise men uh attend your Christmas dinner the likes of Steven fry Steven Hawkins Hawking yeah a bet starky David starky could be brilliant um amazing amazing um people love to be first because people love to have something that is just of them uh yeah like it we give people the opportunity to come to us for inspiration and that's where they will learn where to spend their all they need is that one big showstopping idea suddenly Amar strikes gold what if we were to do the most glamorous tree topper so you know you either have an angel or a star and it'll be either diamond encrusted or Crystal encrusted but really Lux is beautifully crafted that' be super really before the tree toppers even they have a tiptop price in mind over 90 100,000 90 to 100,000 over over yes following um your email earlier in the week and just have a conversation around in cerum luxury concierge Francis is planning her spectacular Christmas Market can I take a telephone number and I'll give you a call back and I'll look into snap for you in the office yeah she started out as a high level PA before setting up her own exclusive company so the reason I decided to do the business is because I was working for an awful probably shouldn't say awful actually I was working for this lovely private family in London um and they were extremely high maintenance and demanding they would go on holiday and they would ring me from their hotel whilst they were walking downstairs to the restaurant and ask me to ring the chef in the country that they were in to ask the chef to start cooking their dinner seriously just D zero what's wrong with you but but no you know in the world of a high net worth individual they can ask for that and they get it if they didn't get it they wouldn't ask for it learned behavior Francis knows which gifts will tempt her clients at her exclusive shopping event now all she needs is a venue she's come to inspect kou restaurant just around the corner from Buckingham Palace morning morning how are you I'm very well yes sir I'm very well thank you it's nice to meet you than oh apologies sorry PLS are very important of course but as right that can wait for a call back this is main entrance and we go up the floor so if we've got Christmas decorations will we be able to decorate all of this could we have something like her wealthy clients expect the highest standards so so Francis must make sure kou is up to scratch I don't like the chairs they look like they're from Ikea um I don't think they need to see the food being prepared they just need to taste it if I'm honest have you got like a private dining room as well you have an excellent morning chef chef glass is a bit dirty need to clean it as well as our high net worth clients Francis has millions of pounds worth of jewelry to worry about oh security guards do you have any Dorman yes we do how many we two for the night like this we make sure that we have two of them standing and can you get a third one so that they can guard the the office upstairs abely fine okay can we have a red carpet coming in as well from outside I have to put myself in my client's shoes and think okay if I am Mr billionaire millionaire everything is picture perfect I'm fussy but I need for the sake of my CES London is the shopping capital of the world with an annual spend of 65 billion it may only be Autumn but some shops are already gearing up for Christmas Michael and his wife and business partner Jan ETA already have a £10,000 order for bespoke BBL they're hoping their fortnam and Mason concession will help their business grow even more I think the free Kings last year was very very popular because of the colors and these are some of my original are some of the first things that we did decorations of London we're a good team good team yeah we have arguments of course organ setting up the transport and um orders yeah and uh I'm the designer the creative one we can either sell you what we've already designed from our range which is ever increasing now or we can offer a commission for your family starting from £1,000 for a single miniature decoration I think we've been up to 15,000 20,000 all their bubl are designed to evoke memories of Christmas's past it's amazing how a products can affect somebody sometimes you make people to cry yeah some sometimes if you like not me personally but yeah but when you're s for people and yeah they have memories of their grandparents and stuff and they have a little tear in their eyes you really do spark something can I have a biscuit chanetta can I have some custard cream cookies and we've got crunch now crunch the company is based in Horn Church in Essex at Michael and jetta's house with Logistics based in the garage do you break quite a few of these no hardly never the BBL Are All Made in Janet's homeland of Poland the business wouldn't exist if the couple hadn't fallen in love it actually started from a weekend away from me didn't really want to go raining in walks this girl into the kitchen and I was just love at first sight basically that was it um and that weekend I went home and told everybody I just met the girl I was going to marry that was it I was learning polish I was getting married to her in my mind not in Janessa's mind fall in love with Michel and Michel fall love with me our life has changed in one second really the couple now have two children and a healthy bble business my way manger set which is very popular probably one of our best sellers uh literally did the little camel today actually but it's their bespoke service that could take them to the next level every commission that I get is is brilliant for me it just puts us out there for word of mouth as well people passing on on to other clients which makes the £10,000 order from Louisa and the opportunity to impress her friends all the more critical if they're saying yeah it's good their friends are going to think wow we should be doing that hopefully in London's West End the world's most exclusive tree topper is becoming a reality it was amar's bright idea to make this special Christmas star and he needs some sparkle luckily the starford 77 diamonds have just the thing I can show you the type of size that we'd be looking at so obviously comparison the Center Stone of something around this size what's the value of that stone alone that'll be over 200 200,000 yeah but I don't know if that's if that's us being too ambitious um do you guys like do you like the design absolutely absolutely it's speaks for itself it's just the icon stop and there will never have been a Christmas topper which is encrusted in diamond with A2 200,000 Diamond as its centerpiece the tree star budget has skyrocketed we're looking probably about over half a million or thereabouts and that is great what happens if if if nobody buys that we're anticipating that there will be individuals out there uh who will actually be attracted to it um but because it's fresh and truly original uh one can never guarantee it it's a well good having a half a million pound star on the top of your tree but whatever goes underneath it better be impressive luckily there's a lady who ensures that every present has extra Sparkle seeing people buying really expensive gifts and putting in a 250 gift wrapping paper it just did not compute so I came up with the idea of the Swarovski gift wraps and I designed one with over 23,000 Swarovski crystals it just looks amazing now Rebecca's company House of roko sells personalized wrapping paper and gift boxes the thousands this is called the Cinderella and it's made from Lambkin and these are all genuine soroski crystals this is one I've I made for Valentine's this took ages to make this actually took about 3 weeks I wish I never started it and the cost it can start from about a thousand onwards she's working on a rather special gift box for Christmas every single inch of this box will be covered in swy crystals 2 weeks 3 hours sleep a day so 20 hours a day it's not about me at the end of the day it's all about enhancing that relationship between the giver and the receiver how much is this going to go for at the moment we're looking between 25 to 30,000 it's October in krov Poland the traditional Hot Land of glass blowing in Europe Michael and Janetta are on their way to oversee production of Louisa's bespoke BBL yeah I'm not going to say it correct I'm a bloody English darling with a commission this important they're leaving nothing to chance it's just not good enough to uh look on the internet talk over online uh we need to come here and make sure everything's running smoothly in a workshop in the suburbs the bbls are individually mouthblown into molds it's this high-skilled practice that clients are prepared to pay for this folks best because it's something that's just yours nobody else will have it and you'll hand it down through your family and they'll be the only ones in the world of that even if somebody copies they'll never ever get that because it'll never be the same exact thing cuz they're handmade the pineapple symbolizing wealth and the gold bars also symbolizing wealth are then painted these look really good on I love that but when it comes to the replica cocktail glass there's a problem with the stem uh made mistake here Michael we need to uh make it more uh thicker about 1 mm thicker yes thicker but you're saying that this going to be a couple of days yeah yes okay I mean I can see the issues MH despite the problem Michael is suddenly inspired when you paint can you whip the paint up so it makes it bubbly and then paint it on and it dries with the bubbles I never did it before May because if you can do that it will look like it's bubbled on the top mm I don't know how how it will be uh after uh drying yeah I I can try no problem Michael only has a few weeks to finish the £10,000 XII order and it's got to be perfect bit nervous always nervous though if you're not nervous you're not successful there are only two months until Christmas in a workshop in London Soho the finishing touches are being made to the world's most exclusive Christmas topper it's very sparkly isn't it Marcel and jewelry director David are inspecting their most extravagant Christmas design a solid silver star embedded with over 280 diamonds that is as imagined and even better than imagined we've handmade it in silver cuz then it's going to be a little bit more lightweight than if we'd have done it in Gold we will gold plate the main star right and keep the points nice and Polished so it's all nice and shiny and bright so the only thing missing is the hero the Hero Diamond yes that's right wow so it's approximately £450,000 is the Center Stone right right so we're looking around with all the workmanship and so forth the 500,000 or so much okay just in terms of it's It's a figure with Clarity and look at that it looks so resilient doesn't it really looks Splendid this will be the most glamorous Christmas topper the world has ever seen but this tree topper isn't just for Christmas you don't put this one in the Loft for the rest of the year the five karat flawless diamond can be removed and worn For All Seasons for me so ify francis's Christmas shopping event is in two weeks she has presents and a venue already sorted now she's on her way to meet a luxury Christmas cracker supplier deep in the Hampshire Countryside well let's just say if it's going to be like a 5 cracker from Morrison's I probably shouldn't say that sorry Morrison love you um that clients aren't really going to want to buy them but if it's something that's going to cost a little bit more the gifts inside are a little bit more extravagant they look a little bit more quality then our clients are going to be much more interested in that so you have to make sure that actually when you're delivering something as simple as a Christmas cracker it still excels their expectations and they still get that oh wow factor from it hello hello how are you I'm right how are you Katie jits runs Upper Crust crackers her Client List includes Buckingham Palace the seavoy hotel Elton John and Lulu where our little elves are working yeah exactly it's proper like Santa's Workshop great actually isn't it firstly just a nice simple Black Box this would quite work quite well with a like a jewel price for their bespoke crackers is just under ,000 for a dozen and that's before they put any gifts inside or paper hats what very traditional isn't it yeah it's a bit kit yes I know what you mean very kind aristocracy so we do have some um titled people coming yeah so customers can personalize their crackers if any of them have family crusts it's something like that it's not very clear the light kind of hides it doesn't it does a bit we can get other ones that's very clever I'm honest I can't imagine any of my clients going for the smaller ones I I think they would all go big simply because the types of gifts that they can put in them much yeah they're going to need a bigger Barrel inside to fit them in particularly if it's jewelry or like a pect Philip watch would sit really nicely in there if they're buying their daughter a car for Christmas you put the car keys inside the cracker yeah that's nice idea really nice idea again jokingly if you bought them a horse you'd put a figurine of a horse in and say that's your horse for Christmas but actually there's one out in the field the bespoke Christmas crackers will have a place at francis's Christmas Market it's going to be a really good evening there's going to be a couple of uh titled people there in the room we'll have a net worth of about over 100 million with just six weeks until Christmas more and more shops are going festive none more so than that of Flores Neil strain in Belgravia hello Neil hi Susan how are you although here floristry is referred to as floral Couture I really want something a bit different this year Susan is one of Neil's regulars and as always at this time of year she's wreath shopping this time I think I'd like to go look get something a little bit different Neil's wreaths start at £600 that is so different they're like artwork I mean this is Art those are really amazing many of floral Couture's customers use Neil's annual service so he can decorate their homes with fresh flowers all year round if it's a smaller apartment prices would usually be in the hundreds if it's a a Newton Square t house it can often in the tens of thousands of pounds we say tens of thousands per month per week you too one of Neil's best properties is a house in Cent Garden owned by a middle eastern couple but he's never met them they have a property manager James Taylor who organizes services such as Neil's so it's that time of year again it is um the client in Covent Garden I know you look after them regularly they're going to be in London quite a lot for Christmas um they're spending some of the time in the south of France and their house there they're going to be in New York as well but Christmas day is going to be in London and they really want to pull out all the stops in terms of you designing something really special for them yeah of course yeah it's a gorgeous house to work in so an exciting challenge the other thing if you could let me know sooner rather than later is the colors that you're actually going to use because the one house last year they actually refurnished certain rooms to go with their Christmas decorations they they have a budget of a qu million P to do their Christmas decorations and Christmas tree they plan to be in London for 36 hours um but you know what sometimes someone may invest that sort of money and stay in New York and never actually see them people like James are essential to their super rich clients if only to remind them where all their money is and we had an instance once where the daughter um a member of a very wealthy family saw a house that was um boarded up and had Security in in Mayfair and she thought that that house would tick the Box in terms of her new home and when we started searching on land registry and looking at the offshore company structure as it turns out they already owned it with just over a month until Christmas London shops are in full festive swing and so is Amar his Christmas tree topper is finished I have seen a few hints but I'm now actually going to see in its full glory and I'm really excited the unveiling so magnificent wow it is truly beautiful it's beautifully designed and impeccably rendered uh congratulations I think it's fantastic absolutely absolutely thank you um so the final price is 615,000 because that then accounts for vat yes additional costs of Packaging we're ready to insert so the topping ceremony the center protagonist uh really really dazzles the star will be offered for sale exclusively to very first two members what are the odds of this setting am more you're a betting man I am indeed the I would say the odds are fair in everyone's favor Michael and Janetta are delivering Louisa's bespoke order the kind of commission that could revolutionize their company bumpy bobles I'm always nervous but they're beautiful they really are I think they are they've had many major problems with their model of xii's famous Gold Leaf cocktail so the cocktail glass has been an issue from day one and getting the little gold leaf on the top has been awfully difficult and we've had it arrived this morning not exactly how I wanted it but it still looks beautiful doesn't it but we need to explain to the re oh we can fix it possibly we can fix it as we go cuz we have some more gold leaf with us no hello Louisa you right it's a 10,000 order for Russian entrepreneur Louisa's first Christmas in London that's a beautiful decoration it's quite difficult to make it very difficult real gold paint this is so beautiful yeah they are aren't they cocktail glass and we got the real gold leaf the stem may be a little chunky and the paint bubbles never materialized am it look I think it looks just the same as our cocktail yeah but the client's happy oh wow so this is our special piece of gold quite strong to be honest I even didn't expect that it would be so good it's amazing this is just the most beautiful Christmas tree I think I think everybody would love it and is that an atin Martin it looks like a Ferrari actually Louisa has invited her friends to admire her bespoke bobles bomy is the name Michael's bubles have hit the big time in Mayfair I'm just trying to work out what my favorite is I think it has to be this yeah it's nice to have a porch hanging from your Christmas tree though it's a room full of potential clients it's like the day when you're old always believe in magic so Something Good Can Happen I kind of think we've done it I think we've done it I hope so fingers crossed Santa's coming Santa's coming yes on that note to Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas another day another deadline in Belgravia there are now just hours until francis's Christmas shopping event no don't need that just need that table there I do want the other column with the email addresses in because we need to get everybody's email address as they come in suppliers are preparing their products Katie's bespoke Christmas cracker service deliss Handmade Chocolates from Dubai for almost £800 a box luxury hampers for £2,000 and even a luxury golf trolley picnic set each of the products and suppliers that are here pay for themselves to be here so it's a good way not only to network with each other and build up business connections but also to get to promote your great products that to a client base that you haven't had access to before so we're just waiting for the jewelry girls nervous actually nervous I don't normally get nervous but I do feel a little bit nervous CU normally it's all about me and tonight it's not just about me it's about everybody else it has to work for them as well hello how are you that's algra and her mother Julia algra is a Italian Duchess and her mother is an Italian marchess but we need some staff to bring over the champagne wealthy clients mix with suppliers Keen to supply them shsh have finally arrived with their bejweled necklaces this one on offer for £24,000 and their trademark USB mushrooms and this is wi go £43,000 it's amazing but as always with a super rich it has to be a soft sale people don't want to be sold to it you know but they want to be able to experience different products and this is a really good informal and good businesses being done people are making contacts as well which is great yakob Yu the chairman of an investment company has spotted toiss chocolates know one of my AIDS turn around and um mentioned I should attend this event I was looking for some unique G you unique gift something which is not available and um here I am and I'm hoping to put some orders for some of my very very close senior friends every year it gets difficult finding that unique that point of difference that different gift I want about 25 boxes anything about 800 to 1,000 Mark another 50 boxes for me but a different range I want every box this SP in the sense the name of the receiver should be on every box that is very easy that it's an order worth almost 60,000 I think it's gone well I do think it's gone well tonight a lot of a lot more people than I was expecting turned up as well I tried to talk to the who I'm hoping I might be able to persuade to become a client it's been a productive night for some guests and suppliers and Francis May well have found a new client that everybody has heard of and clients want something that's different and unattainable and this is what these guys are we're supposed to go the three events tonight but I think we will stay here this is going to be the best you think in Cent Garden Neil the florist is taking delivery of his Christmas tree a Pampered 12-footer to decorate his client's six-story grade two listed townhouse we're going to need to take off just a little bit more off the top yeah it's just important that we don't lose the shap hi yeah our clients regardless of nationality or religious beliefs they just love the Christmas tree just as I expected beautiful oh God what even with a budget of £250,000 it's good to see some Christmas traditions never change we'll put about 15,000 decorations on this tree it's going to be very full very Lux very opulent this is a magnolia leaf that has been dipped in gold paint not using any tinsil this year it's a little bit retro for the style of the house every room in the house receives Neil's Magic Touch even the bathroom and even the bath the homeowners have entrusted the project to their property manager James who comes to make sure everything is perfect Neil I tell you they they are going to be over the Moon I mean look at that yes so again color-wise just picking up the gos the coverers the family in question they're from the Middle East but they have quite European taste so it kind of ticks it ticks all the boxes yes there's still a question mark over whether the owners will actually turn up but for now James is planning the full package we started to uh purchase some of the presents so they they're going all out EXC this year all out is there enough space underneath this tree for the presents that they're going to be buying there'll be the normal Christmas presents that everyone loves to enjoy and then one or two that your average family won't be purchasing like two Bentley's la

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kurt-l6k [2 likes]: Plastic  people.
  2. @steph-pet [2 likes]: The etiquette expert was absolutely revolting... What a total and utter fraud. He was so unreal and non-human, it was bizarre. His face, his walk, his affected personality, it was abhorrent. The lady was pleasant and decent.
  3. @timw4369 [1 likes]: Who cares. This is the dumbest video on you tube ever
  4. @kambizrohany9183 [1 likes]: Rich or poor, in the end, will die (R.I.P) and not be able to take one penny; life is too short.
  5. @GabriellaKapsaski [1 likes]: When I saw William I stopped watching! I can't stand him!
  6. @Kvergetakis [1 likes]: Scammers are a global issue
  7. @sal6603 [1 likes]: class war now
  8. @ZOONGOZEEN: pale galleria
  9. @OnTheComputer3924: Seems like transporting all this food around  at a moment's notice on the whim of a zillionaire creates an impressive carbon footprint. 

See, reducing carbon is just for the great unwashed. So called "elites"  will continue to generate as much carbon as they please.
  10. @javayna2353: This is nice but I can’t help but think about those who are starving and children living in extreme poverty on dirt.
  11. @KhaledBenDhaou75: Rich people don't spend that much. They just don't care. Only the wannabe rich spend to impress. They always tell their mates I bought this and that and I spent this sum at a certain restaurant or club.
  12. @olayemi669: ❤🎉❤🎉❤
  13. @FedericoGallo-h7s: excelente, maravilloso!!!!!
  14. @omarnadeem33: What a lovely time for YouTube to recommend this video
  15. @sabinaes4724: Boring lifestyle 🥱
  16. @shingmaxable: 2026 Rich leaving London
  17. @michellesun6296: How to spell bo bos?
  18. @shauny2146: Pigs . 
Next level after this is for them is jerky grape soda and pizza
  19. @GrenadaInternational: in the Caribbean we clean out the sea urchin, pack them back in the shells and roast them on the outside fire.
  20. @AXBLOWSIV: ☺️ cute

- Dr. Tony Youn: The Anti-Aging Diet and What to Eat for Youthful Skin: Kind: captions Language: en if you're not treating your body and your skin and and all of that well it doesn't matter if you get a facelift or a brow lift or a necklift whatever you do like you're still going to have that um show up yeah and the way I describe it it's like you're building a house and a facelift you know actual surgery is like the spire on the top of your house and what really makes up the foundation of the house is what you eat and that's where for me when you look at true anti-aging when you look at looking and and feeling you f it starts with the food that you put in your mouth and then it goes from there mhm yeah so let's talk about food um in your book you talk about the importance of protein which I was like yes this is my new thing I invented protein if you didn't know discovered the macronutrients yes um but then you also talk about fasting so limiting protein certain times and carbohydrates things like that um and then also incorporating them into to your diet so tell us about kind of the ideal um nutrition and the timing and all of that so yeah when I look at skin and we look at skin aging um parva is looking at what are the causes of skin aging and so really when you look at the causes of skin aging I would argue that there are really four main causes that I look at um there's a fifth one that I won't mention necessarily go into too much but in general four things I would look at the first thing is collagen depletion so we lose about 1% of the collagen of our uh thickness of our skin every year and the coll is a part of the skin that makes it nice and tight and thick uh you lose 1% a year at women after menopause lose about 2% of the thickness of C going to say I feel like I'm losing 10% a year in the last two years you go that's when it really changes so you know part of pushing protein is that collagen is a protein it's a large protein and so we do I do encourage people to increase their protein intake especially as they get older because you want to help to support that healthy collagen second thing that causes aging of our skin is inflammation specifically chronic inflammation and what causes chronic inflammation really the big culprate is sugar so sugar causes chronic inflammation by deforming the collagen of our skin it can actually bond to the collagen causing it to become deformed and sugar causes chronic inflammation by insulin spikes and that's a whole other topic with uh insulin resistance and stuff like that so the main culprit of inflammation I would look at in general is sugar MH third cause of a of the skin is oxidation or free radicals and a lot of people may not have heard the term free radicals but they've heard the term antioxidants and antioxidants basically neutralize free radicals free radicals essentially are chock full in ultr processed foods and so eating less processed foods real foods is a way to reduce your free radical intake and then also pushing um uh antioxidant rich foods like basically the rainbow of fruits and vegetables that fights that oxidation and then the fourth thing that causes aging of the skin is a buildup of cellular waste and this is a little bit of a different topic but essentially it's our body's own regenerative and recycling abilities that essentially are turned off when we're constantly eating and so that's one reason why if you talk to longevity scientists they'll tell you hey you know take breaks from eating intermittent fast do things like that because um that can help with the aging process by allowing your body to kind of recycle the waste products that it can't do that while you're constantly eating mhm yeah and it seems like there's kind of two camps of people there are the people who say eat three meals and two snacks a day eat every four to six hours and then there are the people who promote you know fasting or kind of food Windows um and I guess you could do both you could have days where you fast or you could intermittent fast and then eat every few hours but what is kind of the ideal breakdown or does it just depend on the person I think in some ways it does depend on the person um you know one thing is if you end up let's say inter so I'm not necessarily one who intermittent fasts every day I know there are some of my friends who do I think that's tough because it's a you do miss a lot of meals and somebody say oh you want to lose weight intermittent fast you only have two meals a day um the way I look at intermittent fasting from a holistic plastic surgeon standpoint is we want to we want to promote the process of autophagy autophagy is intracellular renewal so like I mentioned earlier essentially our cells will build up with waste products and you basically used in intracellular kind of waste and organel and proteins and those proteins can kind of clog up cells mechanisms so that as we get older if they're not cleaned out our cells don't function as efficiently and we age we age prematurely so our body's way to clean that out is autophagy and that basically is using those components and literally recycling them for energy so when our body runs out of energy it can then utilize those proteins inside the cells and you get two things out of it you get energy out of it and you clean out the cells and they function more youthfully but to do that once again you have to stop eating for a period of time and you don't have to do it all the time but what I recommend in my book we've got a three-week jump start and literally the first week is just cleaning up your diet getting on the right skincare getting on a few supplements and then weeks two and three I recommend just two days a week that's it where you stop eating at 8:00 p.m. and you don't eat the next day till noon so you have a 16-hour window where you fast and then you restart eating after that 2 days a week that's that can be very doable for people M you know the problem with let's say and and the argument people have against fasting is that if you're fasting every day you're only having two meals a day how are you going to get enough protein to support your muscles as well as from my my my standpoint is collagen and I think that's a very valid point um and so once again you know I don't think you need to go on a 5day water fast I think literally just doing these short fast even 12-hour fast may be enough for some people M yeah I do about 12 hours a night night because I'll eat dinner around like 5 or 6 you get like the older person's meal you show up at 4:30 I am like an elderly person I go to bed at 9: go to Sizzler at 4:30 and um and then I eat I did change my kind of the structure of how I I eat and that I used to wait until like 10: 10:30 um and now I eat within 30 minutes to an hour of waking up um which I do have to say made such a big difference for me um just in terms of like my energy and I feel like I was on a blood sugar roller coaster before and I did some testing which I talked about in my episode last week um with my nutritionist where I was like high fasting glucose but then I was kind of like hypoglycemic throughout the day and so I was kind of going like this and just having that protein first thing in the morning I feel like kind of alleviated like all of the negative things that I was feeling as a result of that um I think too exercising in the morning so people do much better with protein and there other people you know who they do a little bit of carbs worth working out and that helps them I think really in the end it is listening to your body and knowing what your body can do I think that we see so many people who are so gung-ho about their specific diet you like oh you know you've got to do Paleo oh you got to be keto you got and really in the end I mean people cycle in and out of these types of things and and you know what I eat now being a 51y old guy I eat differently than than I was than I did 10 years ago and especially women as their hormones change and things like that you know how what works well for you today may not work well for you 10 10 years from now and so really it is knowing your body I think the problem that we have in our society is that there's so many people who are um you know kind of eating the standard American diet they're filling themselves with processed foods and they just have have this chronic feeling of not good but they don't know that there's better that's the thing you know it's like they teally don't feel good but because they've never really felt what it's like to eat a true you know Whole Foods healthy diet to you know feel energetic and and great because their body is so healthy they don't know what they're missing out on and and so for my book what I'm trying to do is hey you know what let's take a week just to kind of clean things up and see how you feel there may be times where you don't feel great that first week but stick with it by the end of those three weeks you're going to feel fantastic mhm and probably look different too you know it was imagine fascinating cuz is very simple we put people where we changed their diet where essentially we got rid of all the processed foods he added sugars we took out gluten and dairy as well um and then we kept them on that diet except when they were intermittent fasting we actually put them on a keto diet after they do the fast so the idea is is that there are certain foods that can promote autophagy even while you are eating them um and so those are healthy fats and polyphenol rich foods and so the idea then is people would break their fast they do a 16-hour fast they would break their fast but when they break it they would break it and keep on this kind of healthy keto type diet and that would actually the idea is it would promote autophagy that interest cellular renewal but at the same time they're eating so that sounds amazing I'm sign me up for that one yeah and so and then what we found after 3 weeks and then putting them on a very simple skincare uh routine after three weeks people would come up to them and it's not like they had a facelift okay they the before and afters are not like oh my gosh it looks like they had a brow no but people would come up to them they say even St would come up to them and say what are you doing with your skin you've got great skin or their friends would tell them that not knowing that they're going through this program MH I want to talk to you about your skincare routine in a minute because 51 yeah that's not that doesn't track it's not tracking for me your Skin's amazing I tell people online they ask me how old are you I'm like 85 they go wow you look great for 85 well I'll put like 24 and they like o you look like crap what are your secrets SPF I'm sure yeah so I mean I practice in general what I preach so it's good skincare products so you know for me the you know in the book we give what I call the two minutes 5year skincare regimen and it's a very simple skincare routine takes 2 minutes a day um and we actually test it on people and after two months of doing just the skincare routine they start out with quotequote average skin not somebody like yourself you've got beautiful skin it's well you know my routine about 29 stuff um but people who haven't really taken great care of their skin could look upwards a 5 years younger after literally just two months and so for me it's it's cleansing in the morning I use an antioxidant serum most days I do sunscreen but not all days a lot of days I don't if I'm going to be in the operating room all day and stuff like that don't tell my Dermatology friends but yeah and then in the evening it's using either a retinol or I've actually gone more towards bakuchiol now uhuh yeah I was reading about that in your book yeah just because I have had issues with retinol I have had a history of rosacea um interestingly so for me you know I told you I went through normal practice um and and my residency training and stuff like that and I started my cosme practice back in 2004 and at the time I did what most plastic surgeons do I sold medical grade skincare products and we did really well with it but the entire time I had the secret that I didn't tell my patients is that I could not use those products if I you know so my patients loved it they made their skin look nice but if I put that on my skin my skin would break out in hives I get rashes I get itchy and I'd have to like wipe it off and be scratching my face and so for years I kept this secret to myself where I would usually use water bar soap and like the lightest moisturizer and that was it and then I started getting you know after that kind of tragedy happened I started really looking into alternative medicine stuff like that and I started using natural skincare products that were made without the fragrances and all that stuff and I was shocked I could use these products on my skin and it really got me into going into that direction of okay what happens if you remove all all the unnecessary fragrances the additives and the preservatives uh and and now I'm able to do a full skincare routine and my skin does fine with it and it's effective obviously and it's worked well for me yeah but also at the same time I you know I grew up in Michigan where my parents you know I eat a lot of Korean food and so what is it it's all real food it's rice it's fish it's kimchi you know it's garlic stuff like that um but at the same time I grew up in a small town where every body is eating meat and potatoes and so it's this weird kind of dichotomy of these of like the best of of Di and the worst and as I've gotten older I keep trending more towards trying to make it as good as I can [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @sparklyyy2645 [1 likes]: Walk alot , have a good husband, drink water, eat protein. My mom didnt have any wrinkles until 60. She used no skincare routine either. Just dove soap.
  2. @WithLoveDDL [1 likes]: Transcendental meditation twice a day for 20 mins is amazing anti-ager
  3. @TheCrunchyFeast: I once knew a woman at a guest house who for the longest time I thought was younger than me and I was 24. After speaking with her, she was 38 with 2 kids. She not only had a very radiant and youthful look but also a child-like and cheerful personality which added to the youthfulness. I asked her what was her secret to looking so young and funnily enough she pointed at her glass of white wine. She would have 1 cheeky glass every evening. She never seemed stressed or bothered, I've actually never seen her carry any negativity or sadness. From that day I've always felt like the most anti-aging ingredient is positivity and calm mindedness, knowing everything will be okay and not stressing on things so much.
  4. @billasinghkatari: dinner at 5pm...night snack at 10pm 🤣🤣🤣🤣
  5. @thatsso_emm: They both looks great for their ages,
  6. @relaxationroom9321: I ate like dog shit most my life and I look 10 years younger then my age,  sooooo......
  7. @KCsunshine99: I feel the “29 steps” routine deeply! 😂  Mine gets longer and longer every month.
  8. @Solanith_ai: Exactly. It’s like getting an oil change. You must detox all the bad stuff, take the oil out. To be able to place a clean one. For the body to be cleared of stuffed junk, you must fast. It’s ancient science. Humanity has been doing this for thousands of years.
  9. @christinemariano5701: Doc Tony, I thought you are only in your 30s.
  10. @Natasha-vb3yu: Currently my skincare ritual is...

Morning:
Bakuchiol
Vitamin C serum
SPF + Moisturiser

Evening:
Niacinamide and azelaic acid cream
Bakuchiol
Moisturiser

Is this too complex or am I simplifying it enough?
  11. @Natasha-vb3yu: Has anyone got any experience with Froya Organics face balms? I keep seeing them advertised and wanted to know if they truly live up to the hype and repair the skin.
Also, has anybody had any luck with marine collagen supplements? I was thinking of giving them a go but don't know how necessary or effective they are.
Thanks
  12. @megnlu: Thought this was about holistic anti-aging, yet it's obvious the hostess has had work done🤯
  13. @AyurvedicDoctor-y6q: Truly appreciate this valuable video. Complementing this advice with Planet Ayurveda’s ANTIOXIDANTS PACK can support holistic wellness.
  14. @irishhidalgo9214: As we know aging is inevitable, and that it starts with our birth. One thing is more undeniable, DEATH. Not just the physical death, but the second death which is in HELL. We instantly acquired the ticket to be there because of our sins. We cannot save ourselves, our works cannot save us, but One is able.


Romans 3:10-12
As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one: There is none that understandeth, There is none that seeketh after God. They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; There is none that doeth good, no, not one.

We cannot save ourselves from hell by our own works, the point system of good deeds we mistakenly believed in. 

Ephesians 2:8-9
For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: not of works, lest any man should boast. 

Romans 3:23
For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; 

Romans 6:23
For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.

Romans 5:8
But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. 

John 3:1
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. 

1 John 2:2
And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for our's only, but also for the sins of the whole world. 

Because Jesus loves us, for us He sacrificed and paid the debt of our sins. He died on the cross, was buried and was risen again. 

Those who will repent of their sins, and believe and confess that Jesus as their only Lord and Saviour shall be saved. 

Romans 10:9
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.
  15. @amberts180: I don’t believe in continuous painful fasting. If it’s painful I’ll stop whatever it is.
  16. @cathycroce6102: Just found your channel and I am loving it and you have the most absolute beautiful skin
  17. @marylkr251: I beleive n fasting when I fast for two or three days I can see my skin look better i look more prettier n feel so good
  18. @Barnum_em: You can cling to youth, but you can’t outrun aging, we’re all on a road headed to death, all you can do is try to delay it.
  19. @yesandgoodvibes: damn didnt expect him to be 51 😂 he really does know what he's talking about 😆
  20. @lilyzhou6826: How to do microneeding?

- WHAT I EAT IN A WEEK | high protein to build lean muscle | easy home recipes: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello welcome back to new video I am so excited to be sharing a new what I eat in a week I always feel these typ of videos are your favorite this week I'm going to be sharing all the meals I am eating on the new high protein meal plan and this is actually a nutrition program that is part of my NEOS souling Body four-week Challenge these are meals that really complement the power Pilates workouts I have gone through quite a journey I would say in the past year for anyone who's been following me or if you're new to the channel here and I have learned so much from amazing experts in the field about the importance of protein intake into our diets it truly doesn't matter what your goals are whether that is losing weight or building muscle or becoming more toned or just honestly feeling more energized and having healthy skin and nails and hair having enough protein into your diet is absolute key now everyone's protein intake will look a little bit different depending on your weight and your age and your gender and activity and all of that this meal plan is focused on having around 90 to 100 g of protein and then obviously you can just up it from there by adding more snacks or adjusting the poring sizes a little bit but this is just kind of the the Baseline that we're working from I work together with ored diet from Soul SN body on this meal plan and it is a 2 we meal plan it is so much more than just recipes we truly did all the heavy lifting for you by doing the meal planning by doing the groceries the daily menu and some health and nutrition tips that really complement everything we also want to make sure that the recipes are obviously quick and easy to make and also very delicious you know we want it to be nutritious to fuel our body but also enjoyable there are two ways if you want to follow along the first one is to become a sing body member you can find all the recipes and a meal plan on the platform with all the workouts which is amazing cuz that pairs really together or you can find the full ebook on our website and you can just purchase the nutrition program by itself and just follow along with all the recipes I am going to do some groceries today we're going to get prepped because obviously that's always half of the work and then yeah we'll get started tomorrow good morning it is Monday today today's our very first day of the high protein meal plan and what I eat in a week I did the full body power Pilates this morning and that's the first workout of my program so obviously after I want to make make sure that I nourish my body properly on today's menu we're going to make a strawberry protein smoothie I really like strawberries especially in like June and like you know somewhere around the corner it's actually inspired a little bit on the strawberry smoothie of haly beaver here in La it's a viral smoothie here and it's really delicious so we thought making a little variation on it so I do recommend when you're making a smoothie to always add some protein in it I use ritual you guys know that I AB abolutely love Rachel it is a pea protein it is vegan it's sugar-free and it doesn't upset my stomach which is huge because most protein powders do upset my stomach I will link a discount code down below if you want to go check it out all righty let's make my strawberry protein smoothie we're going to add some frozen strawberries frozen raspberries and then half an avocado for healthy fats and this will really help you keep you full then a vanilla extract one date and protein powder I also love adding GRE yogurt in the bottom because the sour iners balance out the sweetness well I'm going to link the recipe for free down below so you can make it at home for this is lunch super super simple one zucchini and then avocado dressing so the reason why we call this a skin booster salad is because it has a lot of healthy fats and Omega-3s so from the salmon and obviously the avocado a lot of antioxidants from the leafy greens from spinach this is about 25 g of protein you can also add some extra hemp seeds or maybe some sunflower seeds if you want to make it more crunchy or add a little protein so yeah okay we're going to make some dinner tonight I am prepping a grilled chicken with homemade romesco sauce broccolini and quinoa the quinoa are already prepped yesterday I've been making this recipe a lot lately obviously because I was testing it for the meal plan I am OB obsessed with the romesco sauce it is actually really easy to make the original way is to roast red bell peppers and the garlic in the oven but it's Monday and also I want to make the recipes easy for you so what you can use is roasted red bell peppers out of a jar and I'm telling you you'll get a delicious sauce as well so I often make a double batch of it so I have extra and I can throw it on protein or a veggie or just as a side dressing situation so yeah let's make it okay so we're going to start off by adding about half a cup of grilled red bell peppers I think I have these exactly left in here then I'm going to add some sun dried tomatoes add some white wine vinegar to it I like the acid some olive oil paprika little bit of garlic powder G mass of salt some pepper and I'm adding a little bit of chili powder little pinch and now we're going to blend this up okay you always want to make sure to kind of taste test your sauce and to see if you want to add a little bit more vinegar or a little more salt or pepper look at this beautiful orange color M it's just perfect okay I'm going to put this in the fridge shiny lights Pur everything so bright I'll take you to the Moon just be ready to enjoy your nighty it's right now you don't want tote this time yeah I don't know stop watch take you the good morning it is Tuesday and we're going to make some breakfast I already did a workout this morning according the workout plan and now I'm going to make the pharmace mar plate I've actually shared this a couple times on my Instagram stories I really love starting with a Savory breakfast for multiple reasons and I would recommend this for everyone to try out it is so much easier to add in more protein whether that is through eggs or tofu or beans or turkey bacon or cottage cheese like you name it and then second starting with Savory will really really help balance your blood sugar levels throughout the day so if you feel you have a lot of Cravings in the afternoon or like a big energy dip maybe start switching up the way you start your day in the morning I have some fresh strawberries that I already washed yesterday so we're going to make that some eggs some cottage cheese the whole shebang let's do it if you don't think that this breakfast looks absolutely bomb then we can't be friends so we got two eggs fresh strawberries cottage cheese some salad and then this is some very funky looking sour dough Max actually brought it a couple days ago from one of our Cafe Partners it is really good I always like to opt for a sour dough because it is fermented longer so it's easier to digest and yeah this is it okay I've been working all morning I already have my lunch ready which is really amazing somewhere in fridge there we go t another cook one eat twice recipe this was dinner from last night there we go broccolini chicken and quinoa um I'm actually thinking I was just going to warm this up but maybe I'm going to put this on a salad I actually think that would be really delicious little oruga salad little seasoning and stuff and I eat it I was just looking at this and I was like why does this look so dry and I totally forgot that I also have the romesco sauce which is obviously the star of the dish Lunch is ready I literally made this in 30 seconds no probably 1 minute but looks really delicious so this has chicken protein quinoa has some carbohydrates a little protein as well obviously your veggies for our micronutrients vitamins and then I put some arugula on there so this will be it it is dinner time right now and on today's menu we have turkey burgers with sweet potato fries I really love a good burger it is always really easy using ground turkeys and I switch up on using like regular beef now I do know sometimes in Europe it is harder to find ground turkey or in other places you can also use ground chicken or even just ground beef and make an actual Burger I got a couple of O sh I got a couple of sweet potatoes that we will make as well so we're going to soak the sweet potatoes for 30 minutes in cold water what this does is actually take out the starches of the sweet potato so then when you bake them or fry them later they don't get really like soggy and soft but nice and crispy we're actually doing a cook once eat twice recipes so I'm making a little bit of extra that is in the package cook them up I put them in the fridge and I can eat them tomorrow and I might even have some extra leftovers and put them in the freezer because you guys know that I love to meal prep so let's get all the ingredients and let's get started okay the timer just went off they're leaking a little a lot of liquid coming out let's see I think it's going to be time to like flip them quickly for some reason I can't really remember during a recipe day we obviously test all our recipes so we want to make sure that all the ingredients match the flavors match the texture the macros everything so anyway I'm going to flip this real quick okay look at these they came out so well I like to make them smaller because they're just EAS easier to like store them and they don't like fall apart but obviously you can choose like any size you want but they look really good so I always like to make my food look pretty on the plate not just for other people or for Content which is also for myself I don't know I just feel the eye always eats first and and making your food look pretty it's almost like a way of mindful eating to like carefully plate it and like appreciate it yeah I had this like little leftover parchment paper so I'm just going to like scrunch it up and then I'm kind of going to do like a burger wrap situation in here with it and then we're serving it with sweet potato fries and the ketchup Mayo situation look how cute this look so I have my turkey burgers and then I have the sweet potatoes it looks so good his hair looks so tight on my face unless I go to the side I feel it just looks a little bit better anyway I got my little thing here I also have my mic here because there's a little sound in the back I just pulled the burger out and I put some of the sauce in it and then I put the pickles because I absolutely love pickles for some reason I like the really tiny ones and I think those are French pickles I'm actually not really sure but very often when you go for a glass of wine in France or somewhere else and I give pickles it's like the tiny ones on audery board that those are the ones I love but let's try it it's so good it's also so fresh like it's such a good summer dish even if you're cooking for your kids or friends or something okay I'm spilling all over here this is dinner and we'll have some for lunch tomorrow again I am going to meal prep some chia seed ping for tomorrow morning I really love chia seed puding so much because it is easy to make if you don't have a lot of time in the morning or if you want to bring your breakfast to work or to school or whatever I am going to make a peanut butter chia seed pudding with raspberry compote and the raspberry compot is so delicious on it you can also meal prep that before like I think the chees seed by itself like the putting is kind of boring but you need to like top it up and like I don't know romanticize it a little and make it delicious so we're going to make the base and then a little compos and have it tomorrow good morning today for breakfast is going to literally Take 5 minutes because I already meal prepped it yesterday so actually funny story before I moved to the United States about 10 years ago I had never heard of the flavor combination of peanut butter jelly um it's just not really a thing in the nland I didn't grow up with it but we did have like peanut butter with chocolate sprinkles on top and we put that on toast which I know that sounds really weird but I really love as a kid but yeah when I came here I was like oh my God all these like sweets and cookies and stuff peanut butter jelly tastes really good it's a good combination let's put it all together pant so here we got breakfast cheesy pudding raspberry and compot I added some seeds on it peanut butter and the raspberry Beres so delicious I just came back from the gym I am really really hungry the good thing is that I already prepared dinner yesterday this is another cook ones eat twice recipe so we're going to grab this some butter lettuce and some lime we're going to make kind of a very simple dressing with some olive oil and limes and then we're going to make our own tortilla chips and I'm going to show you how because it's actually really really easy for this week we have on the grocery list some wraps you can sometimes have an ingredients and like cook them up in different types of ways and then use in different ways so we're going to cook up this wrap cut it in pieces and then it becomes like little tortilla chips I just checked I think Max fin finished my wraps yesterday um so I guess I am not going to show you but I will just tell you that you can do this and we will have obviously the full recipe on the saling body app as well on exactly how to do this so we're going to propep the salad and then we're going to eat I always feel when you make a salad you need something crunchy on top so from the same brand that I always get my almond flour wraps I really like these these are also grainfree tortilla chips and made with avocado oil I can show you the ingredients so it is a cassava blend cassava flour avocado oil coconut flour and chees seeds and sea salt so they're grain-free which is really amazing a couple chippies I'm just going to crush in there was your time I could even buy these because once we have them here in the cabinet they will be done in one night they're dark Lunch is ready today salad some tomato pepper avocado the turkey burger burgers and then we have some chippies on top okay I made myself a little snack so I did these all seed little crackers I really love these especially if you have any gut issues this is amazing for digestion because it's all made from seeds so has no gluten and has actually 7 g of protein for three so I also added some cottage cheese on there this is also really delicious if I add like tomatoes on it or cucumber or something but yum okay here we got all our ingredients a lot of greens for this dish so we have our Adam broccolini I got some fresh cards cilantro coconut milk zucchini and then some green curry paste this is going to be just one dish in the oven it's going to be super simple and again a lot of protein because the aen mommy has protein I am very excited about this [Applause] is and dinner is served quinoa fresh greens um at a mommy with the Cod this is absolutely delicious good morning I made myself a little ice matcha this morning obviously it is Nama like look how green it is that's always like the best way to see if your matcha is a high quality if it is vibrant green so I did add a little splash of almond milk to it I honestly like switch it up a little bit sometimes I add a splash of milk sometimes I just have it like pure by itself but anyway it is let's see what time it is it is 7:40 right now I'm going to head over to the office soon to film a workout so I want to do a little light breakfast but still something that fuels me obviously I can have before I work out so I was thinking making a mushroom omelet with spinach and goat cheese I love that it's a Savory breakfast it has obviously protein with the eggs and the GU chees and a lot of veggies I feel the veggies are really good to add extra fiber and adding in veggies already in the morning I cannot tell you enough how much that helps with sugar Cravings throughout the day starting with your day with a very fiber rich and like nutrient Rich breakfast so we're going to grab all the ingredients and then make the mushroom ovet today okay little trick here I have my eggs bisted up the mushrooms are nice and ready I actually in the recipe have spinach in it as well but I saw I only have a ruga in the frig so we're just going to use the rugla the trick is to put the pan on low heat before you put the eggs in there otherwise becomes like really crusty and I like my omelets nice and soft so I'm going to put them on low heat and then going to put the eggs in there breakfast is ready so we got our mushroom almost I add some extra GOI avocado for healthy fats and then a little arug GLA next to it I always love to add a little olive oil and vinegar on here so this is breakfast of CH okay for lunch today we're going to make an Italian Mediterranean type of vibe chicken salad I love a good salad I kind of make the salad always kind of the same way like step by step I use my base I use my protein so that is chicken today the veggies I'm using tomatoes and sundried tomatoes and then for the crisp today I'm using some beans that put them in air fry or oven they become nice and crispy but you can also just throw them in normally but you will not have that same texture and then we're making a tahini dressing with it which is always one of my favorites I absolutely love taking me dressing the chicken I had already meal prepped earlier on Sunday so that will be really easy so it's just basically putting everything together okay this is lunch for today we have our shredded chicken sundried Tomatoes this is very essential for the salad and really gives flavor Dill cap purse these are the butter beans give extra protein some fresh tomatoes yeah this is it yum okay it is 5:00 p.m. almost it is 4:39 actually I am in Santa Monica I'm going to go to a meat shop I don't even know what they call it on today's menu is a hanger steak with a delicious cousu salad I am honestly pretty new to cooking meat at home I feel like I've been integrating meat kind of in the last year or so and honestly I've never felt better but I normally get it when I like am out and about and I don't cook it at home so much because first of all I don't really know how yet like I don't feel I I'm super confident with the techniques of cooking meat unless it's on a barbecue and then second I feel my apartment really smells but my AC has just been fixed so it should work last week my friend Ross who is a chef here in La came over and we filmed a whole tutorial on how to make the perfect steak we posted it on the saling body app so you can see the full video there and he shares all the techniques on how to do it and I thought it was so fun because I learned so much I'm going to try tonight to do it myself step number one to make a really good steak is to get a really good quality steak you obviously always want grass fat and make sure you have a really good quality cut because then honestly doesn't need a lot it needs a little oil a little salt and pepper and like that's it so I'm excited we're going to go to this butcher shop it's called A Cut Above butcher shop it's in Santa Monica this is the place that Ross my friend recommended and he always gets all his Meats so we're going to go there I'm going to be just in time closes at 5 we're going to get a hanger take a left on Santa Monica Boulevard then in a/4 mile the destination is on your right I am looking for one lb hanger steak one big one or maybe two of the smaller ones um let's do two of the smaller ones got the goods I got one lound of hanger steak I also got two beef burgers I'm going to freeze this and then um I can grab them and any time and then I also got some Brio sponge you can go with the burger so I can freeze these too so then if there's going to be a time that I don't have time to cook or do groceries or so I could just get these out and like make Burger super quickly and I also got myself an iced tea this is the Japanese green tea and it's not sweetened we drink this like it's water when we're in it's always like my favorite thing like as soon as I arrive in airport this is what I get so it's so funny how in so many cultures a lot of people drink so much tea like I even grow up like every time we come home we would drink so much tea like have a cattle and I feel obvious in Asia that's a big thing um in the Middle East is such a big thing I just feel in America like they don't really drink tea it's like coffee or I don't know it's just not really tea culture but I love a good tea we're going to go home and we're going to prep all right lovely I'm a little snacky I'm just going to eat a couple of these so good on tonight's menu is steak I am really excited to make this tonight so red meat actually contains a lot of aminos and these are building blocks for your body for your cells for your muscles and really support hormonal Health too so we're going to do a couscous salad on the side I already have the couscous salad ready let's start off with opening up the steak so I already took it out of the fridge for a little bit it's really important that you let your meat come on room temperature and I got one lb and it will be half and a pound for today and then also for tomorrow because again we love our cook ones eat twice situation so this looks like a big piece of meat but I am here for it um yeah we're going to start prepping okay first things first we're going to Salt it really well and you want to use 30% more salt than you think this type of meat really needs that extra salt and it's going to taste really really good then I'm going to grab a cast iron pan and we're going to heat this up I'm going to show you quickly the tools that I'm using for making the meat of course the this what is this called it's not a tweezer I'm not sure I'm going to use a little thermometer so you will know that it's done and then I also have a little baking plate so what we're going to do is cook the meat on each side for about 2 to 3 minutes let it rest for 4 minutes and then do that process again depending a little bit how thick the meat is if we do this twice or three times I think we can do twice I think my pan is hot you put it on medium heat so you can get that meat nice and nice nice and crusty I am going to put some avocado oil in it then we want to make sure that the oil gets really hot the last chip first me okay so now we're going to flip this steak and we're doing another 3 minutes okay so each side got done and I'm going to put them on the plate here we go oh this is very loud okay now we're just going to let it rest and then we're going to repeat the process again okay there we go round number two put the thing on taada M of thuth we're going to cut our cut our bat boy so you want to grab a very sharp knife I had liked mine a little more raw but honestly not bad for my steak okay I'm going to put some of the salad on here here we go and then I'm going to put the sliced piece of meat I think this one is a little thinner that I had before so that's why I cooked a little faster but still this looks so good look how pretty this looks like this is my type of meal got some beets couscous cucumber uh with date and a honey dish on dressing with it that looks amazing I have all my windows open right now because my fire alarm went off and thank God when I opened everything up it went away this is dinner for T night um I'm excited to eat it open I heard that you been just searching for someone you right now it's now enough bab I just wanted you to see it's natural this cuz you need me right now now now I'm on my way to the office and I wanted a quick snack I always have snacks in my bag I'm going to have this little protein bar this is from Dr smoth this is their peanut butter cup I think I'm really going to like these they have 7 g of protein 10 G of fiber and not too much sugar sugar which is something that I always look for when I buy protein bars or anything packaged that it doesn't have hidden sugars or processed sugars because those are obviously really bad for you and I feel a lot of these protein bars are full of so much garbage let's try it's good not sweet at all like a healthy peanut butter cup I also have a matcha here ice matcha with peo really delicious sorry much okay we have lunch for today very quick and easy this was our dinner from yesterday so we got steak and the couscous salad literally done in a minute okay it is dinner time and we're going to make a vegan high protein pasta I really love pasta but to be honest I don't love red salsa so much on pastas it's only when I eat it in Italy but always when I make it myself or sometimes even in restaurants like I don't love red sauce so we actually created a sauce with nutritional yeast nutritional yeast also contains protein and then we're going to blend up some tofu with it it is going to be the most comforting and satisfying meal ever and the good part is that we're going to eat it twice this week I got this one from the Brand bonsa This one is made with chickpeas but of course you can use any spaghetti you want but very often the ones with like chickpeas or lentils obviously contain more protein but yeah we're going to make this I just pulled up the ebook right here we got the recipe and all the step by steps I put all the ingredients right here I feel if you don't have a lot of groceries then this is actually a perfect meal because it doesn't even need that many ingredients so make sure to have silken or very soft tofu this will blend it up better and make a better sauce then I have the bonsa chickpea spaghetti some garlic I don't have onion but I can do it without mushrooms the nutritional yeast this is really essential this is going to give really nice flavor and then we got our fresh parsley so this is it okay my sauce it is so gooey sometimes with like vegan pastas they can get very like clumpy but this is so freaking smooth I am really excited to be eating this I'm going to put some parsley on top um maybe some nutritional yeast and some Capers and that is going to be the dish of today okay we're going to taste test this so I think the cool part about this recipe is that it is completely vegan and plantbased I feel it also shows that you don't always have to eat meat and stuff to be able to hit your protein levels but you just need to be thoughtful about what you actually put in the dish so we're going to try this so so good this has about 26.6 GRS of protein so it makes a really healthy and delicious dinner I'm really excited because this dinner is coming back I think on Sunday or this weekend so we're going to make it again good morning it is Saturday today Max and I this morning went to go grab some coffee just kind of had like a little bit of a slower morning yes the construction is still going on right here and I'm going to make some breakfast I am going to make a farmer plate making like a breakfast plate is honestly one of my favorite things because you can make such like diverse plates with some fruits and veggies so let's make our plate today look at this my breakfast plate is ready I also added some micro Greens on there because I found these on the market and I absolutely love micr greens not only do they look very pretty they have actually a lot of vitamins in there so I have two eggs cutter cheese arugula some strawberries and then I have half of the toast the other one is for Mac so this is breakfast of today it is 1:30 p.m. I feel throughout the week I always like to have lunch before 1 but in the weekends sometimes it's a little bit bit later I am going to make the chicken sundried tomato salad that I made earlier this week it is my free Saturday and I really don't feel like cooking and this is one of those dishes that I meal pre before and is a cook once eat twice recipe that we always love I feel for lunch you don't want to be like spending a lot of time in the kitchen if that makes sense so let's grab all the ingredients I have a lot of stuff here chicken see some arugula some dried tomatoes some CH y lunch for today this salad honestly might be my new favorite salad ever it is so fresh like I literally want to go to Italy when I come back I don't know if this is Italian at all but I feel the sundried tomatoes and stuff give me that Vibe and then the crispy beans on it really good it is Saturday night and I am staying in it's my favorite thing in the weekends we also wanted to give a little bit of flexibility obviously cuz we love you know cooking all week sometimes going out for dinner or just doing takeout is just easy and nice so I ordered my favorite C kitchen I love C kitchen I like clean eating and I always know that it doesn't like upset my stomach so I got the sweet potato soup and then I got a Chinese chicken salad with what is it carrot ginger they used to have a miso salmon that I absolutely love but they don't have that on the menu anymore but yeah this will be dinner for tonight I PL a little differently so the cheesy pudding made with some vanilla protein peanut butter the raspberry compot and then some seeds on in yum and then I'm also going to take my supplements with this um there we go so I'm going to take my probiotic and then this is it yum made a little black tea in this cute little cattle make got really cold out of the blue I'm going to make a green tostada we're going to make a green dressing with the avocado and some fresh herbs I'm going to toast these so in tostada and then make some eggs so this is it okay here we got lunch for today I woke up a little bit later today had a little later breakfast so I'm not super hungry so this is something nice and light for the weekend I love the tahini in the avocado and it gives a really nice like green sauce to it um so yeah I'm going to eat this right now and that is the lunch of today this is my perfect Sunday night I have my candle for The Vibes and then I made the vegan tofu pasta again on repeat and a little hack if you want to optimize your digestion or if you want to balance out your glucose spikes having a little apple zider vinegar before you eat has an amazing impact on this I do some sparkling water and I have to say it's not only for the health benefits that I drink this I actually think it tastes really good as well I was over with some Swedish friends not too long ago and they were all drinking this in the evening like sparkling water with apple cider vinegar in it and I was like oh that is fun cuz I always did it with plain water but it tastes so much better and almost like a little non-alcoholic drink with bubbles so I do sparkling water and I do a little shot of vinegar in it and this is really good to eat before or to have before you so when I I'm going to eat my delicious meal and this was the last meal oh my God this is the last meal of the week I feel honestly and I am not saying this because we made this because we've made other ones I think we really outdid ourselves this week with the recipes like I ate like a freaking Queen did not even spend that much time in the kitchen and I feel so so good my my digestion feels so good I got so much energy I am feeling freaking amazing but upy and we are all done I hope you enjoyed today's video I hope this video truly gave you some type of inspiration whether that is around new recipes or high protein meals or how to combine it to actually being able to maintain or improve your protein intake throughout the day and I think it's always important to think that we really support intuitive eating you know seeing where you want to maybe add on some extra snacks I might have not filmed every little snack that I've had throughout this week because I'm on the go a lot too so I've been really you know trying to film in between moments but I hope you got a good little inside of it and I truly hope it can give you some inspiration and you feel so inspired after to be cooking some meals for yourself because truly it will makes such a big difference when you start making your food yourself in the way you show up the way you feel energy in a way you refu yourself you can find the ebook with all of the recipes from this week the whole meal plan the grocery list and then also a whole other week that I actually have not filmed but we have a whole new of other set of recipes that is also around 90 to 100 G of rtin a day and again you can find the ebook if you become a soling body member you can download it on the app or the website or you can find the ebook just separate on our shop so you can put it on your phone or iPad or computer however you like it and I hope you enjoyed today's video leave me a comment down below I'm really curious what recipe did stand out the most to you and I see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @thecreativesparks-fly [1 likes]: Wowwwww these are such good recipes.
  2. @WindsHealthyLunch: This video makes me more mindful about my eating habits 🍃💚 It reminds me to slow down and choose better foods :medal-yellow-first-red:
  3. @PrimeYearsGuide-v7l: I really enjoyed this video! 💪 The meals look simple, practical, and perfect for building lean muscle without overcomplicating things. I love how you focus on high-protein ingredients that are easy to prepare at home. Thanks for the inspiration and realistic meal ideas!
  4. @malikasaba9659: The best crunch on salad is baked and spiced (garam masala, garlic, salt, pepper, honey) chickpeas 🙂
  5. @naandersn4059: Beautiful cut of meat. Always rise your meat before seasoning. Reduced risk of getting sick!
  6. @shamimaislam3686: What a boring diet plan ! It seems like deprive yourself not having enough varieties of foods. She doesn’t know how to cook curry , lentils, veggies , beef curry and eating all these you can still stay healthy n young !It’s seems her diet plan is a complete torture rather than enjoying good food ! Ha ha ! Healthy diets doesn’t mean to survive on only salad and all those boring stuffs 😅! Just take small portion and have more protein and less oil ! N you can cook whichever way you want ! I find Korean or Indian, Chinese food much better than so called healthy english food as they don’t know how to cook n more depended on sugary n fatty foods ! 😂
  7. @selveryakar6148: 51 mins of what i eat in a day is the best christmas gift 
😍
  8. @filero18wbp: Hi
  9. @LisaTran-m6f: [00:40] 🍳 Importance of protein intake for muscle, skin, energy, and overall health.
[02:58] 🥤 Strawberry protein smoothie recipe featuring vegan pea protein and healthy fats.
[06:00] 🍗 Homemade grilled chicken with romesco sauce, broccolini, and quinoa meal prep.
[12:34] 🍔 Turkey burgers with sweet potato fries and meal prepping tips for leftovers.
[29:50] 🥩 Learning to cook hanger steak at home with expert advice and quality meat sourcing.
[38:55] 🍝 Vegan high-protein pasta using tofu and nutritional yeast as a flavorful sauce.
[49:00] 📖 Invitation to access the full meal plan and recipes via Soling Body membership or ebook purchase.
  10. @khushbooekka8900: Hi  i love your all recipes but please share detox juice recipe ❤❤ you beautiful ❤
  11. @ShravyaKadam-b8j: You're soo pretty
  12. @NtjforoenHpgosjsn: You�ve got a gift for this.
  13. @EarlierSaid: That was a clear explanation.
  14. @BleachDemon69: Ice tea is black tea which we let brew in the sun
  15. @Delver112: great video
  16. @TeodoraVarzar: Very useful and well presented.
  17. @rebeccawelder: Wow, I never knew that.
  18. @SheennaWinna: Such a clever idea.
  19. @StefanoSimonetti-u6w: This made my day better.
  20. @KssfKigg: Thanks for keeping it simple.

- TOP 1% WOMAN ROUTINE: How I Stay Productive, Healthy & Balanced: Kind: captions Language: en you have all the potential to create the life you want but without the right habits it's virtually impossible between work trying to stay healthy keeping up with friends and actually making time for yourself it's easy to feel like you're getting through the day instead of thriving but becoming that woman the best version of yourself the one who feels put together energized and in control doesn't happen by accident it's about small daily habits that make a huge difference and to today I'm sharing mine with the science tobac hello if you are new here then my name is Fay I'm a medical doctor living and working in London and if there's anyone who struggled to get it together it's me no one warns you that adulthood is basically 80% work and if you're not careful life just starts happening to you you blink and suddenly your day off those precious moments that are actually yours are gone before you've even had a chance to breathe for so long I felt like becoming the best version of myself was too confusing and just wasn't on the cards for me until I figured this out my day off routine that keeps me productive balanced and actually feeling like her so if that sounds like a bit of you then hit subscribe so you never miss a video and let's get into it part [Music] one what if I told you you didn't have to spend your precious free time scrambling catch up on everything emails appointments and endless to-do lists only to end the day feeling like you hadn't accomplished anything to go towards your long-term vision of what you want your life to look like that lingering overwhelm is a common trap and without structure time really does fly by this was me until I ensured the first part of my routine after fueling my body with good nutritious food is to prioritize and plan and do not be mistaken this is not just your run-of-the mail daily to-do list this is a simple yet transformative habit that clears the mental clutter and gives me control over my day first I begin with the brain dump I journal every thought task and worry that's cluttering my mind research in cognitive psychology shows that this kind of externalization reduces mental load and decision fatigue allowing your brain to relax and focus better later on it's like clearing up the Clutter on your laptop to free up storage once I've emptied my mind onto paper I organize everything using the Eisenhower Matrix a method that divides tasks into four quadrants what's urgent and important important but not urgent urgent but not important and not important and not urgent I determine what is important based on my goals at the time so in medical school this was doing well enough in my exams so that I could get a job as a doctor in London foras now I have reached that goal obviously what's most important to me has shifted this structured approach doesn't just create order out of chaos Studies have shown that using planning tools like this can reduce decision fatigue by up to 30% which means you save mental energy for what truly matters and the payoff is fabulous with a clear plan in place my day feels intentional and we're ready for part two of my routine when I started working as a doctor I used to think I did not have time to exercise and it took me way too long to realize I do not have time to not exercise research shows that exercise significantly boosts cognitive function AKA your brain power by increasing the release of brain derived neurotrophic factor bdnf and if bdnf is new to you then it is a protein that supports the growth and survival of neurons AKA brain cells which means better memory sharper focus and improved mood other Studies have confirmed that increased bdnf is associated with improved executive functioning planning and decision making which are critical when you're balancing a busy schedule in other words a simple run in the morning doesn't just wake you up it primes your brain for Success throughout the day and ultimately your life so far my routine hasn't really screamed day off which is why part three is so important when Monday through to Friday hits me hard I barely have the energy to think about my appearance I dedicate a portion of my day off to a streamlined pamper and prep routine I start by dry brushing my skin from the toes upwards for increased blood flow and to promote lymphatic drainage then I wash my hair starting off with a anti- dandruff shampoo because research suggests it can promote hair growth even if you don't have dandr I've been on a very long journey with my hair health so if you would like me to break down all the evidence-based steps I've taken to grow it then please let me know in the comments I then wrap my hair in a t-shirt rather than a towel to reduce breakage and I use my salicylic acid toner this version is super drug and is a dupe for the much more expensive Paul's Choice version I use this Max three times a week to reduce the appearance of blackheads then it's time to moisturize with this hyaluronic acid moisturizer again from Super drug this range has so many affordable evidence-based products that I would highly recommend I have a detailed video on my science backed doctor approved feminine hygiene routine linked here but if you want me to do a video specifically on any research backed glow up tips and tricks then also please let me know in the comments on my days off I also like to do a proper blow dry using my Dyson air wrap that I can usually make last a few days and you'll never believe what happened when I intentionally decided to switch from watching Love Island while I did this to taking it as an opportunity to learn which NE brings us on to part four Studies have shown that engaging in continuous learning can boost cognitive flexibility and promote neuroplasticity essentially rewiring your brain to become more resilient and Innovative but it also helps me break the cycle of passive consumption and build a healthier more proactive mindset right now I'm taking the skillshare class creative confidence overcoming the critical voice and it's not only being transformative but the perfect accompaniment to my day off pamp in skillshare is my secret weapon when it comes to leveling up in any area if you've never heard of skillshare then skillshare is the largest online learning community for creatives with thousands of creative classes in countless categories ranging from beginner to Advanced but the best bit they're from experts in their fields in this class you learn tools to silence your inner critic so you have more power over your mind and thoughts giving you the freedom to be more creative challenge ideas and do what you really want to do it's like giving your mind a power up and it really does make a difference in how you approach challenges throughout the day and ultimately through your life and if you would like to access thousands of these classes completely for free then because skillshare are kindly sponsoring this video the first 500 people to use the link in my description will get a one month free trial of skillshare trust me this is one of the switches in my life that has made the biggest difference so by clicking the link your future self will find thank you now part five here's why chooseing matcha over coffee especially on your day off maybe the smartest move you make now don't get me wrong I adore a good cup of coffee but on my day off I always reach for a matcher instead here's why matcha isn't just about a caffeine boost it comes loaded with alanine an amino acid that works hand inhand with caffeine to promote a state of calm focused alertness Studies have shown that alanine can reduce the Jitters and sudden energy crashes associated with coffee helping you maintain a steady concentration without sacrificing that relaxed day off Vibe my favorite match up at the moment is this brand um that I will link Down Below in this cinnamon flavor Dylan bought me a couple of different flavors to try out the vanilla is also really really really good and I would highly recommend after my mindful matcher moment I headed off for a ridiculously exciting meeting which honestly gives me so much anxiety every single year so on the way I took the opportunity to do probably the most important part of my day off routine part six my midday reset this is how I finally cracked the code for defeating a midday energy dip the moment I feel my attention waning or if I start to feel anxious or stressed about a particular moment I don't just push through ey pause research shows that even brief sessions of mindfulness can significantly improve attention reduce mind wandering and lower stress levels in fact even short bouts of meditation are effective at reducing cortisol the stress hormone that can impair cognitive function and can enhance activation in the prefrontal cortex which is essential for maintaining focus and executive control just 5 minutes of meditation means my heart rate was lowered and I could focus infinitely better in my lunchtime meeting and really takeing all the exciting opportunities that were being discussed so I just had my annual Vision planning session last year when we had this exact same session was when um it was suggested to me that maybe I should change my name on social media to Dr F instead of just F and I basically had this visceral reaction of repulsion at the thought of adding Dr RS my name quite honestly it made me feel violently ill the first things that came into my head were everyone at work is going to think who the hell does she think she is she's only an F1 she's just a silly little girl posting silly little videos on the internet who of course she needs the entire world to know that she's a doctor and it actually took quite a few months of reflection to think about really why I had that visceral repulsion around using a title I spent 5 years to earn and have been a working doctor for the past two years and till that point I kind of thought I had mastered imposter syndrome I felt as though I'd recognized the importance of impostor syndrome existing as a tool of self-reflection um but not letting it limit me and then when I really thought about why I really did not want to put doctor in my name the C of it was imposter syndrome I felt like I don't deserve it so anyway today in this meeting I had some of the same visceral repulsion and these reactions were to the most crazy opportunities I've heard in my entire life there was so many points in this meeting today where I honestly just felt like I wanted to burst into tears I was like how the hell how is this my life I might have to bleep these out but wanting me to host but I'm so grateful that this time around when I felt that visceral repulsion to all these really really really good cool things I didn't feel like I deserved I was able to recognize F that is not the voice in your head that you want to be listening to the voice in your head that you want to be listening to is okay why do we feel like we don't don't deserve these opportunities is it because we have skills that we want to develop that we want to work on that we can do or is it because we just don't think that we're worthy of that and if it's the latter then let's just put that in the bin right now because that is not the attitude that we're bringing into 2025 the attitude we're bringing into 2025 is either we deserve it and Brilliant or we can work for it and we can build up the skills that mean that we deserve it but there was so many points today where I was just like this life is not meant for me how on Earth am I in this situation and what if I take these opportunities and I make an absolute out of myself because I'm not worthy of them I'm not going to keep this in the Vlog but I just want to talk about it for my own memories um but today with so many excit here opportunities underway then I had even more motivation to get my filming done that afternoon because there is nothing worse than having content film when I get back from a busy draining shift after a final push to finish my biggest tasks it's time for part seven when I shut down I learned the hard way that evenings off don't need to be filled with anxiety and low self-esteem thinking about what I should have got done since I tackled my most important tasks earlier on in the day using the Eisenhower Matrix I can actually flip a switch later on in the evening and allow my brain time to decompress after a busy day research suggests that establishing firm work boundaries and disengaging from work related thoughts in the evening can significantly reduce stress and rumination this can regulate cortisol levels and promote better sleep quality critical factors for maintaining overall well-being but part say is the one step in my routine that really made the most difference in my life making sure the evening includes quality time whether it's watching something together or just talking I make sure that I am present not only does it feel good but studies show that meaningful social interactions can reduce stress hormones and boost oxytocin also known as the love hormone now not only will this increase happiness but could actually also boost cognitive function quality time is more than just down time it's my way of reconnecting with what matters most because honestly what is even the point in working so hard if you don't have time to be fully present with the people who matter most now you know my go-to routine for feeling balanced and productive on my days off but maybe you want to learn about the micro habits that set me up for Success even with a busy schedule or maybe you want to watch this video which has been specifically recommended just for you based on what you're interested in thank you thank you so much for watching if you did enjoy the video please don't forget to like comment subscribe and I will see you in the next video mAh

  Top Comments:
  1. @ah43444 [2 likes]: Key pillars of her day-off routine include:

•	Prioritize & Plan (01:24 - 03:16): Faye uses a 'brain dump' and the Eisenhower Matrix to clear mental clutter and reduce decision fatigue by categorizing tasks based on urgency and importance.
•	Brain Juice (03:17 - 04:19): She emphasizes that exercise is non-negotiable, noting that it boosts Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF), which enhances memory, focus, and executive function.
•	Pamper & Prep (04:20 - 06:00): A structured self-care session, including dry brushing and specific hair/skin routines, which serves as a reset for her physical appearance and well-being.
•	Mind Over Matter (06:01 - 07:29): She replaces passive consumption (like watching reality TV) with active learning through platforms like Skillshare to improve cognitive flexibility.
•	Matcha Before Mayhem (07:30 - 08:39): Faye opts for matcha over coffee, explaining that the L-theanine content provides a calm, focused alertness without the typical jitters or energy crashes.
•	Midday Reset (08:40 - 13:15): She incorporates mindfulness and meditation to combat midday energy dips and lower cortisol levels, helping her stay present during stressful or high-stakes moments.
•	Push & Rest (13:16 - 13:59): By tackling her most important tasks early via the Eisenhower Matrix, she can fully 'switch off' in the evening, establishing firm work boundaries to improve sleep and reduce rumination.
•	Quality Time (14:00 - 14:45): Ending the day with focused, meaningful social interaction to boost oxytocin and reconnect with what matters most.
  2. @hridaykaull [1 likes]: The way this video delivers its message is really impactful… simple yet powerful enough to actually change your perspective
  3. @Diana-Aziz [1 likes]: You read the book i read
  4. @myteaskay5631 [1 likes]: lowkey inspired to get my life together now
  5. @Shmooper_Dooper [1 likes]: That is some incredible levels of motivation, wish I felt the same, even though it leads to more work.

Early childhood and adolescence are super important to creating a person and I think mine were messed up and now I’m a broken person.
  6. @AliahMercksNaturalNails: what's with the tape on your lips?
  7. @SanskritiGupta-h1v: To all the teenagers pls don't follow this
  8. @RCoco-f5m: 11:27 know exactly how you feel im literally at my ketamine therapy session right now and your what i watch ❤❤❤ while doing my treatment ❤❤❤
  9. @natalife5297: Good evening, nice video, you have a very beautiful house, nice vlog, thank you for the pleasant company, a friendly like, good luck and all the best😍😍🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤗🤗
  10. @MissKaya-m6y: ❤❤❤
  11. @AhmetKarahan-r9b: 🥂     ✈ 💋
  12. @GodLevel-b1v6c: omg the morning routine sounds amazing 🤩
  13. @ImK82: love the tips, gonna try this routine for sure
  14. @MercyAkemotubo: this is so relatable, need to implement some of this
  15. @jeminahmatela93: the bit about exercise boosting mood hits. i always forget how much better my brain works after even a short lift, Forge: AI Trainer aside.
  16. @DailyHealthyLiving-b3p: Your shared video is very helpful to many people.
  17. @Myacc123: The only thing I noticed really was that your making breakfast and dinner for your partner on top of being a doctor and on top of staying incredibly fit. I get no breakfast, no dinner, my wife is overweight but hey she's got a good job so we got one out of 4 😅
  18. @StellaAesthetics: You were very smart to add Dr to your channel name.
Fae Bate sounds like an OF creator, and you being a young blonde and all.....
  19. @user-ls9ml9iq2l: So inspiring!
  20. @fhyfhy-g7p: WE HAVE THE SAME NAMEE

- The French Paradox: How rich food and wine could help you stay healthy | 60 Minutes Australia: Kind: captions Language: en how's this for a diet fat okay red meat not a problem cheese and cakes you can eat them to your heart's content and it gets even better fancy a glass or two of wine to wash it down go ahead it's good for you it's fun and it works it's why french women don't get fat of course this dream diet has been around for centuries it's known as the french paradox and it defies all logic how come they thrive on all that rich food and wine and have lower rates of obesity and heart disease than we do well being french you can bet style has something to do with it [Music] take a deep breath and relax pause and enjoy the view for this is a diet story with a difference we're in a small village in france it's market day and lunch is on our mind now in australia we're always told don't eat the skin of the chicken and look at all the butter this man is putting up it's the best part my gastronomic guide is william pay originally from adelaide this chef has lived in france for the last 13 years he's been awarded a prestigious michelin hat the ultimate symbol of acceptance here you wouldn't need it like that you better would oh yeah for sure lots of mashed potatoes with it it just take up the butter for that crunchy bit that's what it's about as we all know the french love to thumb their nose at convention here they've made political incorrectness and art form so for instance if the common wisdom is butter is bad then the french will eat more butter they feel absolutely no guilt eating drinking whatever they want it's an incredibly liberating way to live and infuriatingly for the rest of us who spend most of our lives concerned by what we consume it seems to be healthy there's hardly a fatty to be found in france despite their high-fat diet and this is the french paradox their incidence of heart disease is one of the lowest in the world they have half our rate of obesity yet they have one of the richest diets on the planet we don't like you know low fat low this sugarlessness because it doesn't taste good i mean you know butter is not it's not something that's bad for you chocolate is not something that's bad for you eating you know duck fat is not bad for you but not if you have it you know of course three times a day and and the way many countries eat uh you know mega portions as president of the champagne house of verve murray juliano knows a thing or two about indulgence so you see the reason you don't you don't go down champagne because all the drama is in a glass you know the elegant madame giuliano is also the author of the extremely successful book french women don't get fat so why don't french women get fat because they eat for pleasure and they they eat with their five senses so no counting calories that's boring all too often like in america we judge the quality of our food by quantity and by how quickly we get it and how fast we can eat it but in france it's all about quality they even have food police patrolling cheese shops and delicatessens anywhere there's food there are fines and lots of license for poor quality products cooking for us is very sensual so we take you know pride in what we prepare cooking is an act of love you know as opposed to many countries where cooking is a chore it's going to be a ravioli truffle with a wild mushroom cream what am i going to do here we're going to get the cream again yes or no yeah it just so happened to fall upon this particular dish in the kitchen of william page's restaurant lunch is on the menu it's like this every day in france the midday meal is really a grab and run affair much more it's an affair to remember france closes down between midday and 3 o'clock every day all the businesses all the commerce everything's closed and so they generally go home to eat or they eat in a restaurant or whatever but yeah everybody eats lunch and like a real sit down lunches they're not like a sandwich though not at all for the french a long lunch could well mean a long life taking your time is good for you more courses mean more variety and a satisfied stomach means no snacking i think how they eat is very healthy and i lost weight when i came to france we eat slowly we take the time we put our fork and knife down between bites actually what it does is that if you eat slowly and not in a stressful situation your taste buds will be satisfied after a few bites so you don't need to eat much this oyster and of course in france with butter it's a wonderful only in france moment where a restaurant is this doctor's laboratory and lunch his experiment they put butter and they put cream on everything they eat cardiologist michelle delagero is one of two men who discovered the french paradox and our snail's good for you yes very good his explanation is that the bad things in the diet the saturated fats red meat butter and cream are cancelled out by the good things the variety and the freshness of the food but the key is drinking wine is the real lifesaver and so every lunch time you have some wine yeah that is typically french we have all the time a bottle of wine open the way of drinking of the french is chronic drinking every day every day and moderate drinking this is rare medical advice but science has confirmed what's long being suspected people who drink a couple of glasses of wine every day live longer than those who don't drink at all alcohol also protects those who've had heart attacks in our studies in patients with established chronic heart disease two to four drinks were associated with a 50 reduction of the risk of recurrence so drink moderately and you have the risk of having a second heart attack yes exactly this is scientifically demonstrated one or two glasses of alcohol per day probably in most people protects your heart may protect against stroke and there's evidence that it may protect against dementia so i want to tell the good news i think it's important to tell the good news about alcohol or wine wine particularly and a glass of beer occasionally and not be afraid to tell the truth that's the truth brisbane cardiologist david cahoon says australians should pay close attention to the french way of living and eating a lot of the food that you hear about is food that is on the surface not very healthy but there's other things they add to the food so it's the total blend you see so when they have their fatty meal a lot of the time they have cheese cheese modified or fermented milk is actually not dangerous grape juice which is fermented wine not just positively healthy at this place the menu changes every day today there are two starters tomato salad fresh vegetables and then poached fish followed by sand polana special soft cheese and then fruit for dessert but to book a table here you have to be a toddler at this creche like most in france lunch is four courses but this being france it's much more than just about the eating it's also about educating the palette certainly it's the lifestyle it's not the genes it's not genetics and we've seen that in one study after another that culture is very important and big part of culture is what you eat while the french thrive on ignoring dietary convention our fixation with it grows the zone died the callaway died this orgasmic diet the healing diet the hawaiian diet diet eskimo it goes on and on and on and what's the craziest diet you've heard of the craziest diet is the hallelujah diet actually the australian paradox is the greater our obsession with losing weight the more we pile on portion sizes are getting bigger and we're all tuned to eat what's on our plate you know this is you got to eat what's on your plate as portions get bigger people eat more and we're just over consuming that's it the key thing about eating is to enjoy what you're eating but when you've eaten enough don't eat any more be satisfied that's a key thing and don't snack okay i won't do you have a snack rarely because again when you have your three meals you you really don't have reasons to snack do you ever drink soft drink no never no not good all this sugar and it's not appealing for me you know basically have coffee or tea or water and and wine i would have the chocolate marquis because it's a mousse with a vanilla borini center that sounds good to me while something sweet is always on marie's menu it never makes it to her hips i love espresso ice cream not only do french women not get fat they don't even break into a sweat french women don't jog this is very bad for your join you know we would rather do things that give us pleasure and walking give us great pleasure is there a french word for guilt does it exist no actually i mentioned in the book that you know sometimes i go to a restaurant in new york in america and i ordered a dessert and the waiter would come and say oh this is sinfully delicious and to me it's why is it sinfully i mean you know it's it's a dessert and i don't have it every day and why should it be sinful it's just very delicious back in australia david cahoon is doing a long-term study on the effects of diet on heart patients he prefers a variation to the french paradox the mediterranean diet replace the butter and red meats with olive oil and fish but keep the daily wine his patients are losing up to eight kilos a year and is it protecting them from further heart attacks well the evidence from two big trials is that heart attacks may be reduced by more than 50 percent simply by modifying the diet very simple the french are considered the most pleasure driven people on earth so even if we don't like their rich food perhaps we can learn from their attitude sailor v stop the diet obsession concentrate on common sense and quite literally eat to your heart's content is obsession the reason why so much of the world is now battling the bulge oh i think so yes and and the result is is that your body takes revenge and then people binge i mean it's that simple whereas if you have it a few times a week or you choose your moment to have it and you eat slowly and you have less well you you can have your cake and eat it too hello i'm tom steinfert thanks for watching 60 minutes australia subscribe to our channel now for brand new stories and exclusive clips every week and don't miss out on our extra minute segments and full episodes of 60 minutes on ninenow.com.eu as well as the nine now app

- How Japan escaped Obesity while America got Fat: Kind: captions Language: en 15 years ago, I moved from Texas to Japan. I quickly had this weird feeling that something was off about the people here. I couldn't quite put my finger on it at first, but the more I looked around, eventually I realized what it was. Nobody's fat. Since 1960, the obesity rate in America has skyrocketed from 12% to over 40% today. That means America's obesity rate is almost 10 times Japan's obesity rate of just 4.5%. The average American would be considered fat in Japan. You're like an even American medium level fat. You are completely fat here. I didn't realize it because I was fitting in like Australian people. But then when I came back to Japan, I noticed that I was fat. It's way easier to lose weight in Japan than in the States. But why? What's Japan's big secret? lies Japanese people. There's a million things it could be. Maybe it's green tea. Or maybe it's lower smoking rates in Japan. Actually, no. Smoking rates are higher in Japan. 25% of Japanese men smoke, but only 13% of Americans do. Maybe more people go to the gym here. Actually, no. Only 3.3% of people have a gym membership here, while 21% of Americans do. Maybe it's cuz everyone eats fermented soybeans for breakfast. Actually, it's way simpler than that. The whole food environment is just different in certain key ways. In Japan, you actually cannot make excuse to gain weight. But maybe in the States, maybe it's not the case because you're surrounded, you know, by lots of, you know, trapped. When I came to Japan all those years ago, I basically just ate whatever looked good and I was losing weight. So, let's say you wake up, you get ready for the day, and you're off to get a good breakfast. What are your options? Well, per person, there are 15 times as many fast food establishments in America compared to Japan. So, the average America's breakfast options might look like hot cakes and sausage. Our own egg McMuffin, the breakfast burrito. For breakfast at Denny's, the Super Slam single-handedly the worst croissants I've ever put in my mouth. Mc Griddle. Oh, it's sweet. What the all of our favorite foods. So, there's plenty of McDonald's you can go to here in Japan, but Japan also has over 4,000 rice bowl establishments. At places like Yoshinoya, for just $4, you can get what is actually a quite traditional Japanese breakfast. A small bowl of rice, fermented soybeans, roasted fish, and miso soup. But let's say you don't have much time and so you just want to grab something quick and go. The answer, convenience stores. Wow, this is so gross. Do I come to Japan just for the 7-Eleven? More and more people are posting online about how in love they are with Japanese combinis, convenience stores, and for good reason. They actually have a huge selection of pretty decent food. So, here's what you can get for about $9 USD. Fish simmered in miso, ramen style eggs, a rice ball, roasted chicken, a salad, and a green tea. And they have many other things like a decent selection of roasted fish, fruits, salads, and even low calorie stuff like these noodles made of tofu. The pre-prepared foods are also quite decent, like fish with mushrooms and radish, chicken gizzards with green onion, shrimp and squid with broccoli, boiled eggs, and steamed chicken with pickled veggies. The Bendos are a little bit more junky, but they're much better than American options. So, the first key difference is convenience. Convenience doesn't always mean junk. However, the average American convenience store doesn't have many options of reasonably healthy things to eat. You might be able to get some nuts or a protein bar, but other than that, it's just chips, candy, processed food, and some fried stuff sitting under a heat lamp. So, yeah, of course, super healthconscious Japanese people don't get all their meals from a convenience store. Only if I'm too busy and I have no time to cook. The thing is that the overall standard for food in Japan is much higher in general. So even the convenience stores have reasonably healthy choices. Japan has about 55,000 convenience stores. Meaning Japan has almost 10 times as many convenience stores per square kilometer than America. Which is great because from what I've seen, Japanese people, or at least Tokyo people are extremely busy. Japanese people in general sleep way less than Americans, which is actually very unhealthy. Yet they're still much thinner. So yeah, there are healthy restaurants and supermarkets in the US. We believe in real food, Whole Foods Market. But when it comes to cheap, quick, and convenient food, it's often very unhealthy. $3 big meal deal only at 7-Eleven. In Japan, for lunch, I have the option to buy some fried junk or go to McDonald's for lunch. But it's often just as easy to say, walk into Matzia and get something like a bowl of rice with some stewed beef, a half-boiled egg, some kimchi, and a bowl of miso soup with plenty of pickled ginger. Of course, [Music] even if you're getting some actual sweets here, they're just not as sweet as Americans. If you go to any one of these cake places around here, an American would be like, "Wow, where's why is it not sweet enough?" Whereas a Japanese person would go to America and go, "Why is it so sweet?" When I first got to Japan, I thought most things weren't sweet enough. Now, after living in Japan for more than a decade, when I visit America, most things taste way too sweet. A lot of things are sweeter, a lot sweeter than in Japan. For example, yogurt. It's very sweet. Too too sweet. Like it was like a dessert level. According to 2021 statistics, the average Japanese person eats half the sugar of Americans. Americans eat 33.7 kg of sugar per year, but Japanese people only eat 17.7 kg. The thing with sugar is that the reason people eat too much sugar is that they want a lot of sugar because they eat too much sugar. This 2016 study found that after just two months of people doing a low sugar diet, cutting their simple sugar intake by 40%, they started to rate sweet foods as significantly sweeter, as much as 40% sweeter than before. That's exactly what happened to me. At first, Japanese sweets didn't taste sweet enough. Then I got used to it and now they taste plenty sweet. So, I think the Japanese just eat less sweet, less caloric things, and they eat less of it. The soda cups are just smaller here in Japan. This is a large cup at McDonald's in Japan. This is an American small. The American small is actually slightly larger than the Japanese large. And of course, the American large is about twice as big as the Japanese large. Even the milk is way smaller. This is the standard size of milk here. Next, take a look at this. The selling point of this sweet drink is actually that it's small. It says nomikitti, meaning a size you can finish. And these half-siz drinks are in most of the vending machines. Hey, why'd you get this small one? Um, I think this size is too too much for me. So, I can finish this. But this one's only 10 yen more. You could have gotten like This one's like twice as big. It's too much. And I don't want to waste it. You don't want like a giant drink. You don't want to get like as much drink for your money. M. No. No one in Japan drinks a big gulp. You can't even get it anywhere. Now, that's what I call a large. I couldn't find any big gulps in Tokyo, but I could find these tiny cans of soda. Who the drinks this? What if you go to a restaurant in Japan, what percentage of the people would you say are drinking soda? Uh, I think less than 10%. Only water and tea. So, yeah, I think so. That's better. So, Japanese people just don't drink that much soda. The average person here drinks 30 liters of soda a year. But the average American drinks five times that much, 154 liters per year. So, for example, with this vending machine, if you don't want anything sweet, five different types of unsweetened tea, you can get water. And then there's black coffee. By the way, these vending machines are everywhere. Japan has the most vending machines per person on the planet, around 4 million, or one for every 30 people. Next is key number three, school lunch. The Japanese approach to feeding their school kids is completely different from America. Do the teachers even eat this stuff? We don't eat this orange. They don't. They don't touch it. So, I'm half half American. I went to elementary school in both Japan and the United States. In the United States, the food was just junk food. We had tater tots. We had sloppy joe's. It's like everything bad for you. You know, chocolate milk. In middle school, we would get chocolate milk. Chocolate milk for what? Just Just like if you want chocolate milk, go ahead. serve for lunch at a high school. Students in Woodbridge, New Jersey, say the food is inedible. Some high school students who are so sick of their school food. They've started a protest movement against it. In 1970, the law changed, schools could now turn to private for-profit companies to feed their students. In American schools, it's common to have plenty of processed foods on the menu. You cut back on everything. Salaries, supplies, the food. But if we go over and take a look at Japan, school lunches are planned out by the school's designated nutritionist and they are made from scratch every single day. If you're in Japan, it's every meal is meant to be healthy vegetables. There' be rice, some fish, some meats, and a little bit of of pickled vegetables. So that by the time you know that you're 16, 17, 18, you're not going to be fat. cuz it' be very rare that you're going to see a a child that's fat in Japan. I think that carries you your whole life. It sets your diet. You got like a nutrition education that actually worked. Yeah. The fourth key is portion sizes. The portion sizes are generally just a little smaller wherever you go. Normal size, like meal size in Australia is usually big. I couldn't finish eating them, but then I used got used to it and I actually gained 12 kg there. So that's like 25 lbs. M double tacos designed to keep your stomach and your wallet full. I'm full. America's biggest breakfast for only $9.99. I think there's two big reasons why Japan doesn't take the American approach of giving you huge portions to make you feel like you got your money's worth. First off, don't do this in Japan. A big concept here is multi or wasteful. Uh elementary school, middle school, if you cannot finish the meal, you don't have like lunch break. So, you just have to sit there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Like like I remember some of my friends couldn't finish eating and then like crying and eating. The idea is came from like you cannot waste the food because that's the life of plants and animals. Yeah, leaving food is considered bad. It's kind of bad manners to leave unfinished food and especially rice scattered about on your plate. Next, it's not really a thing here to get a container to take leftovers home. You're expected to finish your meal at the restaurant. So, the average restaurant serves people reasonably sized, not too big portions that most people should be able to finish in one sitting. Most packages of snacks here are sized so that you can comfortably finish them without feeling stuffed. Like, look how small all these little packages of chocolates are. If you eat the normal American diet, you'll get fat. In Japan, if you just eat what everyone else eats, then you get thin. Yeah. Do you think that's pretty accurate? Yeah, I think it's Yeah, accurate. If there are there are some people who are, you know, maybe starting to get a little bit overweight and I suspect they just they're eating too much junk food. So, the fifth point is variety. It's easy to eat and drink healthy when you have plenty of options and when you're not getting bored eating the same handful of healthy meals over and over again. People can eat big portions of junk if they want, but it's usually just as easy to get a variety of reasonably priced, relatively healthy food. What I like about drinking culture in Japan is that even if you keep drinking at is both you there you see so many menu the healthy food on menu if you go to America fried chicken you know fried potato you know like French fries most of the places to go to drink have decent food options you can expect to get some really solid food that's actually quite healthy at a classic Japanese pub in izakaya there are about 7500 izakayas in Japan more than the total number of fast food burger chains like McDonald's or Burger King. Now, I'm not necessarily saying you should replace fast food with alcohol. But even if you're walking in somewhere planning to get drunk, there's all kinds of simple, healthy, and delicious dishes. There's one other quick point I want to touch on, but first, let me make it clear that there are better quality food options than convenience stores, rice bowl chains, or isukai. Of course, most Japanese people wouldn't even think of these places as healthy. But this isn't about optimal health. It's about how you can be reasonably healthy with not that much effort. Uh, did you make this with vegetable oil? Oh, yes. Thanks, but I got to watch what I eat. Lately, the word has been getting out about how bad vegetable oils or seed oils are for health. It's kind of impressive how clever marketing got us to think that we need to crush and heavily refine thousands of seeds with a long industrial process to get the oil that we need to cook with to be healthy with high pressure forcing out the oil to a second extraction. 70-minute wash with a solvent. They wash the oil with sodium hydroxide. They bleach it, then use a steam injection heating process to remove the canola odor. Sure, you can buy vegetable oil in Japan, and people do cook with it, but it's very interesting to note that Japanese people consume about 1/ half of the seed oils of Americans. The ironic thing about seed oils is that they become more unhealthy when you cook with them, especially if you fry with them. That's because the fats are very fragile and easily break down when heated, which is not the case for saturated fats like say beef tallow, which are very resilient to heat. This brings us to the sponsor of this video, the seed oil-free masa chips. More than four years ago, I started investigating how in the world we got tricked into thinking that we should be eating vegetable oils to be healthy. Vegetable, corn, and sunflower oil. Today, seed oils or vegetable oils make up 20% of the average American's daily calories. And recent studies suggest that seed oils are linked to metabolic issues and inflammation in the body. So, I've been avoiding chips for about 4 years now, ever since I learned about all the negative health effects of seed oils. You probably saw my two different videos on the topic. This is why I'm personally really excited about Masa Chips. They made a delicious tortilla chip out of just organic Nixonized corn, sea salt, and 100% grass-fed beef tallow. Zero seed oils. Now, I don't know how they got the chips so crispy and crunchy, but these are the most solid chips I've ever eaten. I can pile pretty much an entire avocado on one chip. Personally, something about these chips feels totally different for me. I actually feel satisfied and I don't have the urge to binge them and I don't feel sluggish or bloated after eating them. After all, think about it. Don't you feel better eating, say, corn on the cob with plenty of saturated fat rich butter rather than some French fries or onion rings fried in seed oils? The best part is it's just a really good chip. You don't have to sacrifice any taste for health. If you're ready to join the tens of thousands of people and join MASA, go to masachips.com/josphw and enter code josephwil for 25% off your first order. That's masach.com/josphil and code joil l for 25% off your first

  Top Comments:
  1. @WhatIveLearned [405 likes]: Go to https://MASAchips.com/JOSEPHWIL to get 25% off your first order!
  2. @JimBob-vg2og [1 likes]: For more a hear about Japan the more I think I should have been born there 🤣
  3. @Agariabhineethrao: Try to walk within nation ,you will be hit by vehicle.
  4. @TheFoothillsGardener: And then there is the suicide forest.  The pressure to be thin, successful, make family proud. And smoking is a huge appetite suppressant.  How about talk about the pressure to be thin as opposed to selling an idea that's not true.
  5. @calebbailey4728: Just so yall know. America isnt the most obese country lol. That said. We all worldwide should strive to be the healthiest.
  6. @AmericanTrueCrime: "Nobody is fat", as a fat guy walks by
  7. @HeavyMxtal: 3:55. "Yet, they're still much thinner" I bet, they're stressed.
  8. @JoshSmith-ff8dw: Americans are the unhappiest people on earth. Just eat normal food like everyone else it isn't that hard bro
  9. @macarenaeguillor2077: Animal farming is horrible for the environment, and going vegan is the healthiest thing. Promoting animal fat for food is incredible unhealthy
  10. @joeymcmakin6118: Let’s just ignore all the data indicating the huge amount of eating disorders there as well and the obvious fat phobia and INCREDIBLE social pressures in Japan to “fit” in and be “beautiful”. Not to say America doesn’t have its own issues with Eating Disorders, but goddamn this glossed over so much just to sell this biased story that Japanese people are healthier than Americans 🙄🙄🙄👎🏽
  11. @DavisWilcox: Half American isn’t a thing unless you are Half indigenous American.
  12. @mark31995: I’m skinny in America and I’m proud.. cause it’s definitely very easy to become obese here
  13. @liveinthelight796: I am in the UK raising children. It is so incredibly hard to withstand the junk food. Our supermarkets are filled with junk. You can barely find anything edible. I have to make everything myself. My daughter loves to eat sweet things which I’ve let her but I am slowly replacing stuff and making sure she has balance. The culture here is for kids to eat crisps and chocolate daily. I wish we had more access to food like in Japan. I went to a Japanese restaurant here and it was still all fried chicken and rice with no vegetables 😅. I will look now at Japanese recipes
  14. @Yoctopory: Plus, US food borders on chemical warefare
  15. @theannamueller: my histamine sensitivity would go nuts in japan
  16. @aaaaaa5220: you just need 2 nuclear bombs to get skinny
  17. @bruceklein9917: Watch at 80% speed if you don't want to have a seizure...
  18. @austin.j.barrett: I'd be walking to 711 all the time for my meals if they had the same stuff that the ones in Japan do.
  19. @anro_gaming: Basically the food is portioned appropriately, less or no sugary drinks, and everything is on a walking distance or with bike
nice way to live, not being fat
  20. @Cali_Girl1: That's Funny.
My Daughter-In-Law who's from Japan, said she had never seen a Fat Person until she moved to America. 😂

- Inside Shilpa Shetty’s Diet Plan: What She Eats in a Day | Shilpa Shetty Diet Plan | Pinkvilla: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Hi guys, I am Shilpa Shetty Kundra and you are watching me on Pinkvilla showing my solidarity, umm.. So today I'm gonna tell you what exactly my diet comprises of and what I eat So, hope you guys get some motivation out of it and, umm.. chew your food The first thing I do as soon as I wake up is, I kind of, cleanse my system with warm water It's not hot, just plain warm water and before I have the warm water, I have 4 drops of noni juice, the concentrated noni juice, and it really gives me a lot of strength in the morning, to cope with all the crazy stuff that I do the rest of the day And the other very important thing that I do as a ritual Every morning is oil pulling, so I take at least 2 tablespoons of coconut oil, cold-pressed coconut oil, and I basically, roll it around my mouth, between my teeth It looks really funny So, I do this for like a good 7 to 10 minutes They say you should do it for 20 minutes, but, you know, with our fast-paced lives, if I get in like 10 minutes, I am like, Yay! So, everybody knows, I swear by Yoga, and yes, I have started doing a lot of different workouts that have been inspired by Yoga as well..So I'm a fitness freak You can actually call me a freak now, yeah, self-confessed fitness freak, but I don't do it to lose weight, or I don't do it to, umm.. prove a point to myself.. Most people think that you have to contort your body into different pretzelic forms to do Yoga, but I don't.. There are a lot of asanas that I'm still surprised with, and I'm kind of rediscovering my inner strength, and my flexibility, with doing it over a period of time So no, you don't have to be an expert contortionist to do Yoga, so I do a lot of workout regimes that help me with that so it's a mixture of high-intensity, you know, interval training, there is core-strengthening, I love doing planks, different kinds of that, I enjoy burpees I know it's crazy, like who can enjoy burpees I enjoy these animal walks, so it's not one kind of training, it's an amalgam of a lot of stuff, yeah.. So, I discovered Yoga around 17 years ago, when I was injured I had injured my neck, and my physio had told me to start doing Yoga to strengthen it And I had a Yoga teacher to come home and teach me, and then I went on to, umm, learn much more about Yoga, I realized it wasn't just great for strengthening an injured part, and rehabilitation, but also great to, kind of, tone your body, and as I kept learning more and more about Yoga, I realised, It was not just for your body, but also, for your mind.. So, I think we all need help in that area (laughs) So, I started off with Ashtanga today, I do Vinyasa, the Bihar School of Yoga, I've tried all different kinds of Yoga forms, but what I would tell people, is that, it doesn't matter what form you're doing, try and keep to the basics of inhaling and exhaling throughout the asanas, and that's what will affect and oxygenate your muscles, rejuvenate your mind and your body, and that's what is important. So, I get time in the mornings because I have a son, and he goes to school, and there are many a times that I'm also inundated with work in the mornings, you know, if I'm shooting, umm, so then I try, saying that I will compensate for the next day, so, it doesn't matter as long as you are not, umm, they say Yoga is preferably to be done on an empty stomach, or you can have maybe, warm water, or a cup of tea.. Some people who are addicted to tea, or you know, a small piece of banana, that's about it.. You can't go on a heavy stomach and start doing Yoga, so even if you do eat, try and maintain a two and a half hour gap, and then do Yoga So, it can be in the afternoon, mid-afternoon, after your lunch They say working out, even in the evenings is great, you know So, it gives you a boost of energy, and umm, I prefer to do it in the morning, so.. So my day is pretty simple, and I eat like people used to eat 70 years ago, which means, my mornings start at 7 in the morning.. I try to get my breakfast in between 7 and..7.30 and 8, and it's a very high fiber breakfast, so it'll be either oats, or muesli, coupled with fruits I start off with a raw food, so i's either a banana, or grated apple, blueberries, in my muesli, and umm, I try to keep it low sugar, so I would..I prefer to use natural forms of sweeteners like honey, or powdered jaggery, that is very readily available in the market Now the newest form of sugar is coconut sugar Even that's great for your oats So that's my breakfast, that's if it's a vegetarian day..If my morning starts earlier than that, then I start off with this simple smoothie, which is, umm, a mixture of almond milk, and banana, and raw oats and honey, and I can add whatever fruit I want into it, so, that's on-the-go, and then I have 2 eggs So, if I start very early in the morning, there are basically two breakfasts So then I have 2 eggs around 10-10.30 with either avocado..raw avocado, and maybe a whole wheat toast with butter.. "WITH" butter and then I have my tea, again with coconut sugar So I try and avoid all kinds of sweeteners, and, umm, I like to keep it natural and clean. My afternoon meal is my heaviest meal actually, and it comprises of either brown rice, white rice, whatever is available, umm, there's a chicken or a fish, some kind of protein, and, I like my vegetables, so there's vegetables, and I have my salad is very very simple, it's just cucumber and carrot (laughs) with a bit of sea salt on it, so it's nothing fancy Then there's sometimes, I may be alternate my heavy lunch, with like a, Yogi bowl, and that's what I call it So in that one bowl I basically put-in everything I'll put in salad leaves, I'll put in barley or you know, rice..brown rice, and I'll add some chicken bits, grilled chicken, I'll add beetroot, so it's like a salad, cum food, cum everything, all-in-one And the very important thing that I forgot to mention that I try to get in a spoon of ghee into my lunch anyhow When I say a spoon, it's like, a tablespoon So yeah, I have a tablespoon of ghee every day with my lunch So whether it be in my roti, I also like my parathas sometimes, so if it's paratha and sabzi and dal and chicken, I even have that, so I like that.. Then comes my snack, which is like a mid-meal A thing that I like I don't like to keep too much gap in between my food, I mean between my lunch and my tea So, my mid-meal would be just maybe 2 eggs or, umm, a sandwich with beetroot and cucumber, and potato..I love boiled potatoes, just sliced, and a bit of chaat masala, and make it into a sandwich and just bite it..it's yum! And that just keeps you from getting peckish before dinner Then I have my tea in the evening, and, umm, around 7-7.30 with my son 7.30 to 8, my son, my husband and I sit together, and we have our dinner So that's my last meal, which is a very light, fairly lighter meal than the rest of the day I like a soup..It can be veg, chicken, whatever and I don't eat anything raw, I prefer not to eat anything raw So most people have salads in the night which is not a concept that I believe in I have something, umm, grilled, or even if it's a vegetable, dal, whatever I try to keep it low-carb at night, I try But then, if I feel like having a mushroom hotpot rice, I'll have that So there is no hard and fast rule So that's my day basically, and if I feel I'm craving for something sweet, I have a piece of chikki after lunch So that's my biggest rule! When you have a child, you have to be an early riser I love Indian food, and I also love Chinese and Japanese.. I'm a foodie! See, that's a really interesting question Now because I belong to the beauty business or maybe, the "body business" We have to take care of how..how we look, and, umm, people can be judgemental, and I totally get it But I don't make too many changes, because I've already made a big lifestyle change I don't eat after 7.30 in the evening, I eat very healthy, clean food, so I have a clean diet, so I don't have to make too many changes if I'm walking the red carpet, or I'm showing my stomach, yes obviously to look more chiseled, like to have washboard abs and to look flat, you have to make sure that you eat a lot of high fiber, high protein, and making sure that maybe the previous day you don't have carbs, so, it's very low-carb the previous day, if I'm showing my abs.. My favourite cheat meal, oh my god I love deserts! And I love..I love Biryani! I love lamb Biryani I love, umm, I love roshogolla! And I love rabdi and hot jalebis..it's my absolute favorite! And, umm, yeah yeah, I can give you a long list! I've seen people try it I think it works a lot for a lot of people It's a very hard diet to do - The Keto The Keto diet, where you're eating high amounts of fat high amount of, actually, adequate protein high fat, and no carbs, no sugar, no fruits So I'm like..what are we gonna do (laughs) It's scary..so I mean, I would suggest something like that to maybe someone who's a body-builder, who has maybe let themselves go for some time and then need to shred, so, you know, it works really great for them But there are some people who barely have like 3 kilos to lose and they are on Keto diets And it makes you very crotchety, it makes you very angry because your body and your mind is not getting what it wants, so, umm, I don't know, I find it very strange, so yeah.. So I really hope this helps you guys in the long run, and if you like this video, do like, share and comment, and don't forget to subscribe to Pinkvilla and The Shilpa Shetty channel! (laughs)

  Top Comments:
  1. @OriginalCareOfficial [1 likes]: Shilpa shetty is being more open minded and Frank....Thank you madam
  2. @janitashah: Hot  water  fruit  porriage chapti
  3. @janitashah: Hot water  fruit and  cereal  chapti and patoto  beans  salad yoghurt  tea, nuts with j jaggery
  4. @KarenRyan-z4q: "Hi Everyone @ I am Shilpa "Sheddy"... " What is she, like American or something?
  5. @Mr.NutritionFits: one of my favroite actress
  6. @DrugaMishra-y7v: Love you love you
  7. @DrugaMishra-y7v: She just now looking 19😂😂😂
  8. @DrugaMishra-y7v: Really she is mind-blowing figer and open heart ed actress I love shilpa shetty my I con person
  9. @EVASINGH-6: NYC mam
  10. @Pawan-zp1wn: Hi 🌹
  11. @Sanchita608vlog: Simple cooked diet😊😊
  12. @Bow-And-Arroww: Cute she is
  13. @NickyNicky-j8j: 💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝☺
  14. @eklavvyaeklavvya2706: ye etna sub kuch bus heroine he kar sakti hai hum logo k kaam he nhi khatam hotey 😢
  15. @KangoJunior: Instead of copying routines online, I now make decisions based on my own data. Healix AI helped me trust my body’s signals 🧠🔬
  16. @clayforum4545: Shilpa, you are amazing. Your yoga routines and diet plans, your structure ll inspire many. You are rocking.
  17. @muskanjulania6789: Finally stopped forcing myself into diets that weren’t meant for me.
  18. @sonasharma5109: The United States of Trump is next name change 😊
  19. @jettoffline: Nice take  got me thinking differently about this 👍
  20. @KapilSingh1996-e3y: 24 Hour Fitness

- What I Really Eat in a Day | Simple Protein-Rich Diet Over 50 | Dominique Sachse: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning everybody. It is Sunday morning for me for us. Um my darling is actually serving at church this morning. Um I think he's ading in the control room today for the three services. So we will see him later. But I'm doing this because I've had I guess on the heels of the upper body and the lower body workout, there have been so many questions about what I'm eating. And I have to say I've done quite a few of those videos through the years and as I reflect on those videos, it has changed a lot simply because I cannot consume as much food as I used to. I went back and I looked at those videos. I'm like, "Wow, girl, you you put in a lot. You took in food, which is amazing and great. But it was so funny. I remembered my mother would always say to me, "Honey, how are you eating so much food?" And I would always say to her, "Mom, how are you not eating so much food?" And it is true, the older we get, the less food we actually can consume, need to consume. It's just, it's not the same. Things change. So, I wanted to bring you in because things have changed. And I'm really really mindful as I'm sure a lot of you are about protein intake balance between fat, fiber, protein um you know keeping sugars out or minimal and all those things. So, I've got some adjustments, but before we get to those, it's very critical that we visit the coffee station. [Music] Somehow, mixing these two together is magic. I like the unsweetened coconut milk. That's like 80 90% of my base. And then I'll add just a touch of organic half and half. And it really whips it up and makes it nice and frothy. [Applause] Oh, and then one little packet of stevia. I'm showing you all this because y'all, this is about all that's going on in the morning. As you know, I don't like to eat until later. But check this out. H. Someone's slow to wake up, isn't he? Yeah, we're talking about you. Yes, sir. You're very slow to wake up today. Don't you want to go outside? Oh, do you want to go outside? Did that wake you up? Okay, there it is. Oh, listen to the birdies. How wonderful. Okay, settling in briefly for the morning. Um, this is our spot. As you know, Vic and I always kind of tuck into this corner of the couch and I will meet up with him for the 11:30 service. I will um read some of these myself and enjoy my Oscar mug coffee. M So, one thing that still holds true, aside from the coconut milk that you saw in my coffee, I know it's technically not a true fast since I broke the fast with the creamer in my coffee, but when it comes to actual food consumption, I won't eat until we get home from church, which will be about 1:00. So, that'll be my first meal of the day, I would say. During the week, that averages anywhere between 11:30 and 1 is when my appetite kicks in. So, that's generally my first meal. My first meal used to be and sometimes is um I would do my easy over eggs with an Ezekiel muffin, but I've switched it up a bit lately. I'll explain why once we get to that time of day and show you what's happening. Let's just say it's a real blend. Hope you're having a good morning. Hey and honor. Say honor. >> Honor. >> We are back from service. >> And I'm going to hand the camera over to Vic because I can't shoot and prepare my first meal at the same time. So, are you ready, baby? >> Yes, ma'am. >> Awesome. Thank you. >> My first meal is going to be a smoothie, and it will have a lot of different ingredients in it. So come with often times for a smoothie it's either water as a base. Sometimes it could be coconut milk, almond milk, but since I had coconut milk already in my coffee, um I actually like to use a buy. This is my little treat. And I like this because this is the coconut and the protein powder that I'm going to use as a coconut flavor as well. I like to do a mix of frozen organic fruit, specifically berries. So, these are mixed berries, blueberries, blackberries, strawberries. I like to consume my fruit as part of my first meal. So, I won't overdo it. I think the tendency sometimes in smoothies is to put too much fruit in and then you get, even though it's a natural sugar, you get too much sugar. So, I blend and I'll do some fruit and a couple of ice cubes just to give it that nice frothy consistency. So, here's where it gets serious. I love this protein powder. Um, this is my favorite flavor. It's the coconut acai by Kachava. What I like about it is that this is sort of an all-in-one nutrition superfood basically. So, it's got 25 g of plant protein, 26 vitamins and minerals, 6 g of fiber, 85 superfoods, nutrients, plant-based ingredients. So, since I don't eat as much food as I used to, I want to make sure that I'm getting food in my smoothie. And most importantly, I want to make sure that I'm getting enough protein in my day. Um, because you guys see that I work out and I work out with weights. Um, but I just honestly in real food, I find it very hard for me to get in the amount of protein that I need. So, this is just a great start for me. My additions would be I like to do the SuperMoo, the boine colostrum. Helps with immunity, recovery, energy, skin, hair, nails. And this is just a tiny little scooper. And you do two scoops of that. I also add rise the mushroom matcha. This is for clarity and focus. Adaptogenic mushrooms. I am a big believer in supplementing with creatine. So this comes in this is for basically brain nerves and sports performance. It's always good to do your creatine before you work out. I also like to take it earlier in the day just you know for mental clarity. And this is just one scoop. I said we're we're checking a lot of boxes with this smoothie. Most important is the taste box. Oh, you know, stuff always has to get stuck on the sides. I literally leave all of my smoothie devices and appliances by the sink because this is pretty much a daily occurrence. Shall we have lunch together? And clearly a sizable smoothie. This is delicious. I have one more thing that I do and and I don't have to do it with a meal. I just choose to. But I take my Ritual Symbiotic Plus. You guys have heard me talk about this a million times, but it's my probiotic. But what I love is that it's a prebiotic, a probiotic, and a postbiotic. Prebiotics support the growth of beneficial bacteria, and postbiotic support gut barrier function. Just one Minty capsule daily, can be taken any time of day with or without food, shelf stable, doesn't have to be refrigerated, and subscription-based, so you never run out. And the cool thing about this is that it's a delayed release capsule, which means it goes all the way to the colon, not just sitting in the stomach. Amazing. Amazing for digestive health. When I tell you I feel less bloated, I am more regular. I can't live without this. And we ladies, we struggle with this kind of stuff. I mean, dietary changes or travel, you name it, can really affect that regularity and our gut health. And I just like to know I'm checking all my boxes with ritual. So anyway, that is the last thing that I take and that wraps up meal one. Here you go. >> What is this? >> Thank you. >> You're welcome. >> Thank you. Keeping me healthy, baby. >> That's right. >> Oh, yeah. Dad's getting you ready. Let's do this thing. >> You ready? >> Ready. And we're off. >> Aren't you the lucky dog? >> Yes. >> Something smelled good there. Yeah. He gets his walk and then mama's going to get hers. >> All right. So, we both made the choice to come to the gym together because that way doing some free weights, leg extension, trying to get the workout in. >> What you doing, yo, >> I'm intending to lift way too heavy weights. What are you doing? >> Hey, what are you doing? >> Iritating you. >> Good job. What are we doing? >> Watching a little TV. Just laying around, you know, veging out. You know, it's that kind of day. >> Yeah, it is. Woo! Look at those guns. Back home. We did it. I am starving. This is about the time Courtney always jokes. She's like, "Where's your bowl of nuts?" Literally, I always keep a bowl of nuts in the kitchen. And I'm a bit of a squirrel in this respect. I love nuts. So, I do a mix of almonds and cashews and pistachios and blend them together. And I've been known to grab a handful of nuts, right, Oscar? And snack on nuts. I love it. my protein, my fat, it's delicious, satiates me, and I always make sure no matter what I eat, there's always protein in it. In this case, solid. Get ready for dinner. All right. What's on the menu, you ask? The perfect mix of protein. I'm going to do some sirloin steaks tonight. Roasted broccoli. I've got brown rice boiling right now and some chicken stock and a tomato and cucumber salad. Will you join us? Smells good. That's for sure. You know who's coming quick. Okay. >> You only see two, but there are actually three here. >> Here he is. >> Ready? >> Yes, baby. >> This is amazing. Thank you, baby. >> You're so welcome. It's my pleasure. >> Heavenly Father, we thank you for the day. We thank you for church. uh the message today, the chance to fellowship with other believers and see friends. We thank you for this wonderful food. Bless my baby for making it. It smells so good. And uh we are so grateful for all of your blessings in Jesus name. Amen. >> Amen. And we pray for you too. Thank you for being with us by the way. Thank you for just kind of hanging out um and requesting this vlog. Uh I >> You requested this? >> They did actually. I know. Shocker. Watch what you wish for. Moral of the story. >> I I may owe you a great debt of gratitude. This This is amazing. >> I'd like you to request. Let's see. Some bread pudding. Ask her to make some of that. And uh let's see what else. >> What else? You're over my meat sauce. You were doing >> No, I'm not over the meat sauce. Oh, she makes the greatest spaghetti meat sauce. Oh, a bologna ma. >> See? >> Well, hopefully this turned out great. Um I just like to show everybody kind of the balance. I mean, you know, this is me, right? >> Yeah, this is totally you. >> This is me. It's 8 ounces of protein, a heap and ton of vegetable, big salad, and some brown rice. Um, I even converted him, by the way, from regular pasta to brown rice pasta as well. Do you miss it? >> Only because it tastes exactly the same. >> See? So, modifications, right? >> Anyway, but this is lovely. I I don't eat as much as I used to. It's obvious. I can't. Do you eat as much as you used to? You eat very little. >> No. No, I don't. >> I just don't have the appetite that I used to have and and I just my body can't handle it and process all the produce. >> Sounds probably for the best, >> right? >> Right. >> No, I mean, for both of us, it's probably for the best that we're not like still shoveling it in like we did when we were 25. >> I thought you meant because of what a healthy serving of produce can do to the gastrointestinal tract. >> Oh, well, that remains that remains to be seen. I'll let you know. Oh, by the way, um, try out the skinny girl wine. He's not having skinny girl, but I am having skinny girl. And I added that to make a little wine sauce for the steak. >> This is not skinny girl. >> No, cuz he's not a skinny girl. >> This is a heavy boy. >> Heavy boy wine. Cheers. >> Boy wine. >> I love you. >> I love you. Thank you for making this. >> You're welcome. Cheers, everybody. >> Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dominiquesachsetv [26 likes]: Thank you to Ritual for Sponsoring this video. Get 25% OFF your first month Go to https://ritual.com/domsachse25
  2. @lle6137 [1 likes]: I dont understand - you drink alcohol its so bad for you - what a contradiction ???
  3. @lle6137 [1 likes]: so gross "something smells good there" what like urine!" common really
  4. @janequinn2224: Don’t cut away the broccoli stalks …. That’s where all the goodness is !
  5. @monicamcgrath2343: Been an avide watcher for 10+ years...I'm 59 and I too have seen a significant decrease in my appetite as I've gotten older.
  6. @Anna-j9x2s: I live by 80 /20  rule in everything in my life .80 percent good 20 percent indulgence ❤every day😊I feel balanced that way 🙏
  7. @CGzmam: You don't have the complete picture of why others out of shape.
  8. @CGzmam: People who do hard labor like construction  work need more calories!!
  9. @CGzmam: A stressful life can cause you to eat more and eat the wrong foods.
  10. @ritazhong4692: Girl! You doing cooking now ! So proud of you ❤
  11. @janinepumyearealtor1257: Best part of this video…your prayer!! 🙏 ❤thank you
  12. @MeliCox79: Thanks for sharing. I am going through perimenopause and I love looking for protein meals from people my age ❤ you both are awesome
  13. @dorothylambert5223: Great.  If the $$ to spend on that
  14. @MargieReyesAl: What a beautiful couple! ❤❤❤ it’s the first time I see him 🥰
  15. @sheilastevenson4823: Poor Vic! No smoothie for him?? Lol
  16. @lisajohnson2133: Why no Greens in your smoothie at all, spinach or kale?
  17. @vivala9547: Thanks for sharing.  You're at my club! LaFitness
  18. @TheMctrav3: Your dog is so chill lol
  19. @TheMctrav3: I’m 53 and I am the same way. More protein and veggies less carbs. I cannot eat a big meal anymore.
  20. @nanam9179: Beautiful husband &wife.  Jesus in the relationship.  The rest everyone can adjust accordingly to themselves.  Amen 🙏 ❤️

- Asian frugal habits that saves me thousands every year 💸: Kind: captions Language: en It's not about the takeaway coffee. It's about the habit. The habit of getting a takeout drink, which often comes with a sweet pastry on the side. And a few blocks from the cafe, we see a cute dress and decide to splurge with a matching scrunchie to go with it. All this shopping gets us hungry. So, we pick up some takeout on the way home and decide to get an Uber because we deserve it. This on repeat is no longer a habit, but it's a lifestyle. an expensive one at that. And some might say, what is the point of working so hard when you can't even treat yourself? And to that I say, maybe we're just conditioned to think that splurging on ourselves is a form of self-care. But actual self-care looks like working towards a life that truly enriches us. And maybe these little splurges are distractions along the way. Growing up in Korea, we lived very frugally, but I was still happy as I could be. Now in my mid-30s, I've come full circle and still embrace many of those same habits. These small everyday decisions might seem insignificant on their own, but it does add up over time. But more importantly, I found that living a lowmaintenance lifestyle comes with a piece that outweighs anything I can buy. So, I don't mind skipping the coffee. I never received any kind of gifts growing up. Not for my birthday or Christmas or any kind of holiday. And some people might hear that and think that I had a really sad childhood. But honestly, the opposite is true. My parents always try to gift us some kind of experience to remember these days. I remember for my 10th birthday, we spent the whole day just kind of walking the pier and we had fish and chips. I still remember to this day and I feel like these memories always stay with us way longer than any gift ever could. And I feel like these special occasions and holidays are no longer about spending time together and it's all about buying things for each other, all about the marketing, the sales, the limited editions and it's just really exhausting. So my husband and I, we don't gift each other anything. And instead, for these special occasions, we just like to spend a whole day doing our favorite things together. And one of the reasons, too, is because I feel like we have everything that we need. And if we want something, then we'll put it on our wish list and go and buy it ourselves. So there's really, really no pressure to go and buy something just because it's a specific day to prove our love to each other. It's just something that I don't deal with anymore. Thinking back, I feel like I only started eating out when I moved to the States. It was because it was like a cool thing to do with my friends and I always worked in the restaurant industry. But growing up, my mom always cooked for us. I remember she would always pack our lunches and my dad's bento box. And even when we were traveling, she would bring this gigantic rice cooker with us everywhere we went and she would cook for us. I definitely appreciate her more for doing that because it's a lot of dedication and time and effort that goes into it. But I know because she did that, we were able to save so much money. You guys know that for this year, I really wanted to cook more at home. I feel like I am slowly adjusting my habit and mindset around it. definitely takes a lot of creativity and a lot more planning, but honestly, I feel like the savings is so much worth it. So, for example, my husband and I, if we go out on a date to this bin, uh we will spend probably around €50, but if we cook at home and I could buy best of the ingredients, then it would probably be around less than €20 together. So, that's my biggest motivator. I would say 90% of the time I cook at home and 10% of the time we go out and try new restaurants. I am generalizing of course, but I feel like Koreans are very healthconscious people. I know a lot more people now in soul, they're going to Pilates and going to weight training and going to gyms and things, but I feel like from a very young age, we're told to have kind of a healthy lifestyle and integrate it into our lifestyle. For example, we always like to stretch in the mornings. We like to drink a lot of herbal teas and we have fruit for dessert and there's a lot of nice hikes in Korea. So on the weekends we would come together with our friends and family and go hiking. And these habits are kind of second nature to me. I've always kind of abided by these rules. And instead of getting these really expensive gym memberships, class passes, and having these really expensive hobbies just so that I could be active, I find it so much easier to just integrate it into my lifestyle and I can do it for free. Something that I never understood are those really nice aesthetic jars or containers. I guess the container store in general. I mean, it does look really nice when everything is displayed out in the open and everything is matching, but it's so expensive to buy these things where you could just get it for free from the grocery store. And I think the key is to buy something that's already in a really nice container. So after you use the item or eat it, then you can just wash and use the jar. A little bit of dish soap, just soak it overnight and it just comes right off the next morning. And I have tons of jars and I use it for everything because I buy a lot of loose leaf tees and buy things in bulk and they're really really handy to have. And this isn't just for glass jars. Obviously, you can repurpose everything and I think it's just being smart. You can save the wrapping paper from the original packaging. You can use the rice water to water your plants. You can even save those little yogurt containers and use it for when you're waterc coloring. You can even save your kitchen scraps and make broth with it. I mean, there's just infinite ways. You know, I think before you throw something away, it's a really good rule of thumb to ask yourself, can I use this for something else? And this over time can save you tons of money. Okay, this kind of goes with my previous point, but I always say everything has a first life and a second life. First, of course, I try to use up every little bit of it. And I'm definitely cutting the toothpaste in half and getting every little bit because that's money wasted if you don't use it. Then that toothbrush becomes a scrubbing tool. The old t-shirt becomes a rag. The paper bag becomes a trash liner. You get the point. I love a simple minimal home, but just dedicating one or two drawers for these little things that you could use for DIY purposes, it really isn't going to hurt anyone. And in Asian bath, you're actually losing money if you throw away something that's perfectly usable. I don't really know if this is an Asian thing or just because my husband and I grew up having to be very resourceful, but we really do not like to use other people, professionals to do something if we can do it ourselves. I cut my own hair, my husband cuts his. I groomed the dogs. We're doing all the home renovation ourselves and we're also making some of the furniture. So, we're definitely DIY kind of people. We live in an information age. We can literally Google anything or YouTube it and try it for ourselves. To me, this is way less stressful than having to manage other people to do it or having to pay someone else to do it. [Music] I don't know if you guys know, but before YouTube, I was a financial counselor. And when I was going over people's finances, I couldn't believe how many people just live off of their credit cards. And I understand that sometimes it's necessary to kind of propel you forward in life, but it is a really slippery slope and also it's not sustainable over time. The credit card culture isn't so common in Asia and I grew up always thinking that I have to pay off all my debts because that was something that my dad really drilled in me. I use credit cards because I can get the hotel points and the flight points and everything. And we have a mortgage, but it was pretty much the same as what we were paying for rent. But other than that, we don't have any lingering debt, especially from overspending on something that we couldn't afford. Like I said, it's not about the few dollars we save by living this way. It's about the freedom to make meaningful decisions when the right opportunities come because we've built up savings and can actually afford to invest. What do we invest in? Well, that's for another video. I want to know what frugal habits have made the biggest difference in your life. Let me know in the comments and I'll talk to you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @MalamaLife [442 likes]: What frugal habits have made the biggest difference in your life?
  2. @felisak6053 [1 likes]: I cooked everyday at home because I love to cook, and know what exact ingredients I added to my food, but also it is more cheaper. I only go out eating once or twice a month. I make our coffee at home latte, flat white, black coffee more cheaper that way. Work out daily and incorporate walking for 30 to 45 minutes. No alcohol, no soda just water, tea, and coffee. Don’t want to use plastic container as well, i love glass way better for hormones and over health. My husband and I are also minimalist and hate clutters, cleaning homes is a must once a week lol :)
  3. @ungarlinski7965 [1 likes]: Confused.  Why did you come to America and why do you stay?  To complain about it on YouTube?  No one is forcing you to do anything here much less stay.  The same as you, with you here, we appreciate our own culture that much more.  So please stop shifting your prejudicial views and hatred of America onto everyone else.
  4. @SugarAwareness [1 likes]: woooooooooooo
  5. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  6. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  7. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  8. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  9. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  10. @BunnySilver-x4l: The only thing I could stop but don't feel the need to is a soda before work, I work part time, and I need the caffeine since I have chronic fatigue and a physically taxing job. But I stopped buying lunch out and bringing my own, bought less food so I didnt waste any, bought less and stopped buying non food things/medication. The only thing I buy is tattoos usually cause I love them so much and they are permanent or plastic free cleaning products/things we love to use. We don't eat out unless my blood pressure is low. And the cinema twice a month on half price Mondays. These tips are so useful and thankfully I grow up like this too as my mum was the only working parent and three kids.  Found your channel the other day, quite like it and your voice is very relaxing. And me and my husband are saving to buy a plot of land and a caravan/5 wheeler to live in to have a versatile living situation, so our budgeting is helping so much with saving.
  11. @sammychung4156: I don't drink alcohol.
  12. @rl8571: I splurge and live paycheck to paycheck having the best life to the max.  BUT.. my 401k contributions are max and have $300 a month going to an IRA account.  I started 20+ years ago and every time i check my balance i smile.
  13. @TheMountainBeyondTheWoods: "Asian", because other races don't do the same, oof.
  14. @Spiritsoulska: Very Indian n Asian thing
  15. @Ahndreeyy: 💗
  16. @omnipresent417: Damn. Gorgeous and smart. ❤
  17. @Faithandlight_me: We can chose how we want to live. We can make the changes that will get us there. Love this!! I live what you said about self care. ❤
  18. @thecaribbeanbelle6733: I feel like these are things a lot of people used to do back in the day until social media and influencer era. But I agree with everything you mentioned
  19. @savoirytease: Before throwing something away, don't just ask yourself "can I do something with it?", ask yourself - "WILL I use it for something?".
  20. @meloniestewart2940: There is a fantastic, award winning, inspiring, short (15 min 🤔) film called Homegrown Revolution - Jules Devaes. Urban Homestead is their name 🙏🏼💕🙏🏼

- The 150g Protein Diet That Changed My Life! (all real food, no protein powder): Kind: captions Language: en For the past few months, I've been eating a minimum of 150 grams of protein a day, all from whole foods. No protein powders, bars, or supplements. I did it as a bit of an experiment, and I'd go as far to say it's been revolutionary for my body composition, my health, and how it makes me feel. I've got lots to tell you. So, in this video, I'll show you what I eat in a day to get a minimum of 150 g of protein, and share all the things that's happened as a result. While I wake up and prepare my first meal of the day, which I call my mini breakfast, let's look at why it's important to eat protein. Protein is the building block for muscle for repairing, maintaining, and growing muscle. And having good muscle mass and strength is vital for our long-term health. This is especially important as we get older, as we tend to lose muscle as we age. I never used to eat breakfast, but several months ago, I learned it's important for women to have a small amount of protein in the morning and before exercise. 15 g of protein is enough to take the body out of muscle breakdown mode and into muscle building mode. So, I start my day with three eggs scrambled in a pan. Super easy. And that gives me around 18 g of protein. I don't really want to be doing this first thing in the morning. However, it's made such an enormous difference to not only my performance at the gym, but also my energy for the rest of the day. It can be a bit of a faf making eggs first thing in the morning. A protein shake would be much quicker and easier. However, whey protein and dairy gives me a weird acne rash on my chest and my stomach goes a bit well, you know, gassy. And the thing for me, if I was to have that sweet tasting protein shake first thing in the morning, it would just give me the taste for something delicious, which would then likely set me off on a cascade of poor choices later in the day. Saying that, protein shakes are a great source of protein. And if you don't want to be messing around with eggs and pans in the morning, having a protein shake may have more benefits than eating nothing at all. Next up is exercise. The majority of exercise I do is weight training, which is perfect for this 150 g of protein plan. I can't wait to tell you what's happened as a result of doing this. However, on the day I filmed this, I was doing highintensity interval training with my friend John. On a Tuesday, we do the Norwegian 4x4 and then four sets of heavy kettle bell swings. It's a brutal session. That is so tough. When I tell some people that I eat a minimum of 150 g of protein a day, sometimes they say things like, "Are you a bodybuilder? Is it necessary to eat that much protein in a day? Isn't that bad for your health?" Well, I'm not a bodybuilder. Clearly, you do muscle salam. I'm just a regular 42year-old woman who works at a desk most of the day. And I'm interested in doing health stuff. And I do understand the isn't that bad for your health question because if I was to follow the advice from let's call them traditional health websites, they advise to eat 0.7 g of protein per kilogram of body weight, which for me at 64 kg would be just 50 g of protein a day. 50 g. No, just no. In contrast, when it comes to health and fitness, the typical formula for how much protein to eat a day is 1.6 to 2.2 gram of protein per kilogram of body weight or 1 g of protein per pound of body weight, which for my body weight, it works out 140 g of protein a day. That's more like it. But for the purpose of this experiment, I pushed it to 150 g a day. And in fact, by the time I've added the nutrients from vegetables and plants, most of my days I end up eating 160 to 170 gram of protein a day. This is a good time to mention, and not a lot of people talk about this. As we get older, our body becomes more protein resistant, meaning the body isn't as efficient as utilizing the protein we eat to repair and build muscle. So, as we get older, we need to eat more protein to get the same effects as someone younger. I finish my interval session with a bit of prehab and mobility stuff. Laura Try 20 for 20% off Vivo Barefoot shoes. And then it's home for my main breakfast to replenish my body. Food is my priority after exercise. And I do not stop for anything. I do not pass go and I do not collect 200 lb. My breakfast isn't a typical breakfast. I say typical in the sense that it's not cereal, avocado toast, overnight oats, that kind of thing. My breakfast, which I've been doing for over 2 years, is an actual meal. Fish and vegetables. And this is the part that I know some people will say, "Fish and vegetables for breakfast? That's disgusting." But bear with me. Just because I eat fish and vegetables doesn't mean you need to. And you know what? It's not actually that weird to eat this for breakfast. This is real food. What is weird is that it's marketing and society that has conditioned many people to think that this is breakfast. Anyway, my current favorite breakfast because it's quick and easy is sardines. Two tins. Each tin has got about 18 g of protein. So, that's nearly 40 g. I know the idea of sardines doesn't sound appealing for breakfast. It's actually not that bad. It's not that exciting, but it's really good nutrition and I feel so good after. Sometimes I have salmon fillets, smoked salmon, or some other fish. And if you're not a fish for breakfast kind of person, you could have chicken, beef, or turkey. Don't get fooled into thinking that this is breakfast. Quick and easy way to give my family a breakfast they'll want to eat. and I feel good that they're ready to tackle the day. The key is eating real foods with plenty of nutrients, and that's where the magic happens. The protein in the food that we eat latches onto the receptors in our stomach, which then sends a signal to our brain to release CCK, a hormone that switches off hunger. That means no more cravings or needing to snack. And no cravings or snacking means not eating as much junk food. What a winner. So, it's half past 8 and I've already had 48 gram of protein. If I can get 50 grams of protein by the time I've eaten my breakfast, then I know that I can easily achieve 150. My body and brain have the nutrients they need to function well. I have the energy and clarity, and I'm fueled for my day ahead. And what I'm going to do is actually just make myself a preworkout snack. So, this is my first meal of the day. And I've got some rice here that I've just taken out. Okay, it's 11:40 and it feels too early to be making lunch, but actually, I'm so hungry. So, by the time I've made it, it's probably going to be just after 12. So, let's go make lunch. In the past, if I got hungry earlier than my regular meal times, I'd often snack, whether that be a healthy snack or an unhealthy snack. But now, when I get hungry, I just have a meal. The problem I have with snacking is I'd often choose something quick, easy to digest, often something sweet that didn't have much protein in, something like fruit. But whatever I ate as a snack, it would only satisfy me for about 30 to 60 minutes because it was a snack. Then I'd miss my regular meal time, miss my next bit of protein, and even worse than that, I'd get over hungry. And you know what over hungry means? Poor food choices. For lunch, I find stir fries really easy. I throw everything in a pan and let it do its thing. I mostly have chicken or turkey, but sometimes I have beef mints and make a chili. So, this is coming out at 95.7 g of protein. I throw in loads of different vegetables, different colors, nutrients, and plenty of fiber. Different herbs and spices to change the taste each day, and they give some added health benefits. This is real food. So much better than a sandwich and a packet of crisps that would give a measly amount of protein and very few nutrients. With this, I'm getting 50 g of protein, loads of fiber and nutrients. You may be watching this thinking, "It's all right for you, LT. You work from home and you can cook your lunch each day." I understand that some people may not have the time or the facilities to do this. You might have a jam-packed schedule or a low income that might restrict you. Eating like this does take time, money, and effort. And it might mean a bit of forward planning and preparation. But the good thing about meals like stir fries is that they're quick to make. They can be cooked the night before or in bulk, and the ingredients are pretty reasonably priced. I've been eating like this for 2 years, and I sometimes think I'd like it if my food stuff was quicker to do. I can sometimes feel not resentful but in that kind of category about how much time I spend per day preparing food, eating food, and then tidying up after. But then I realize it's an investment in my health. Not only shortterm on a day-to-day basis, but I'm hoping it's going to be an investment in my health long term, as in weeks, months, years, decades ahead. You might be looking at this thinking that's a lot of food for lunch. I've put 400 g of chicken in the pan, which gives me 100 g of protein. I'm doing a mini cookup, making a double serving, so I'll have enough for lunch and dinner. And that will take me to 150 g of protein by the end of the day. And this is the part where I know some people come after me in the comments. How boring that you eat the same thing for lunch and dinner. Variety is the spice of life. I know. I just want things to be easy. And this isn't as boring as it sounds. I change the meat each day, change the vegetables and spices each day. And for those thinking it's boring to eat the same thing for lunch and dinner, I reckon if you came to my house and I made you this, you'd love it and you wouldn't mind eating it twice in a day. Given that I'm having lunch and dinner, I tend to have more for lunch. So, I probably take about three fifths. So, I've got not as much in my tummy closer to bed. That looks so good. I actually look forward to having the rest for dinner. I know some people like my mini tangents, so here goes. In what world is it considered boring or weird to eat food like this? The Western world with its marketing and the big food companies telling us what they want us to eat. The way I see it, what a privilege it is to have this kind of food available to me that I have the places to buy it and the resources to cook it. I'm pretty sure there are thousands of people in this world that would give anything to eat food like this every day. And there's people telling me it's boring. As long as I eat all of that by the end of the day, it means that I've got 170 g protein in. If you're wondering how I track my daily protein, I use an app called Chronometer. When I started this experiment, I spent hours researching the best food tracking apps, I tried the free version of this one, and I liked it. So, I paid for the upgraded version because I wanted to delve in deeper and get more details about the food I'm eating. I use the barcode scanner or search the food, enter how much of it I eat, and then up here, I've set my protein target to 150 g a day. And I've had such great results with Chronometer, I reached out to them to ask if they wanted to sponsor this video and they said yes. But even if this video wasn't sponsored, I'd show you this bit anyway because it's been such a helpful tool in me being able to track my protein. I chose Chronometer because it not only shows the usual stuff, calories, protein, carbohydrates, and fats. It also shows the nutrients in food, things like vitamins, minerals, and fiber. and I can see how much of those things I've had during the day. And it's a way to identify nutrient gaps in what I'm eating. You can see on this day I had lots of fiber, vitamin C, vitamin A, folate, and potassium. But I was low on iron and calcium, which seems to be a common pattern with how I'm eating at the moment. So, the app makes suggestions on what foods to eat to fill the nutrient gaps. And this bit is really important. Unlike other food tracking apps which rely on their users to enter foods into their database. So it's like me entering a food and then I make a mistake but the app accepts it anyway and now the wrong information is available to everyone else who uses it. Chronometer is one of the few food tracking apps with a verified database of food. So each food that's been entered has been checked and verified to make sure that all of the information is correct, which makes perfect sense if you're using a food tracking app. If you want to try Chronometer, the free version or the paid version, I've left a link to it in the description. Hello. This is one of the rituals that we've got as a family. I'll be working in the snug. Nanny will come in and see us. Okay, I'm at work. It's the afternoon and I'm getting that feeling again. I'm getting that hungry feeling. My initial reaction is, let's go downstairs and see what I can have for a snack. Then I realize it's 400 p.m. I'm only about half an hour to an hour away from my regular meal time. So I'm just going to go and have my dinner early. Even though I've been eating like this for a long time now, I still have that initial habit and that initial thought of I'm hungry. Let's go and get a snack. And it's taken months, probably even the full 2 years for me to train myself that I don't snack. I just have proper meals and that if I'm hungry, it's because my body wants food, a certain amount of food, and the right kind of food. Having my dinner already made means at the end of the day after a day at my desk and I'm getting tired. I don't feel motivated to make food at all. My meal is already done. And the last thing I want to be doing is making dinner. So, it's great because I'm just going to have what I made for lunch. And all I need to do is eat what's in the pan and I've reached my 150 grams of protein. It's so easy. I'm just going to eat this cold. I know some people are going to think that's totally gross, but I don't mind eating cold food, especially when it's this tasty. Notice how she now has an arch in her foot. While arch support can be helpful for some, I don't eat like this all the time. I eat like this in the week and then I'm far more relaxed at the weekend. Oh, although I still aim for 150 g of protein a day because I've seen such significant results. Double chicken shish kebab and salad is one of my favorites at the weekend. When I go out, meet friends or go to a barbecue. It's still quite easy to get 50 g of protein in a meal. Sardines, lentils, five eggs. It took a bit of practice, but like with most things, it gets easier the more we do. And I'm so into this when I'm away or going on a long hike. I take a packet of pre-cooked fish. I pre-cook a steak, some potatoes and vegetables. Okay, that's me done for the day. By the end of the day, I've usually eaten 150 g of protein from meat and fish. And by the time I've added the vegetables in, my day usually finishes on about 170 grams of protein. And I can't wait to tell you what I've experienced as a result of doing this. I know what I've showed you isn't revolutionary. There's nothing new and exciting about this, but from the videos I've seen of people who eat 150 g or more of protein a day, many rely on protein shakes to get their protein number up. Now, I'm not saying that that's bad. It actually makes it so much quicker and easier to achieve a high protein day. But the issue I have with that is like me, some people can be sensitive to whey and dairy, which can cause acne and stomach issues. And I don't need to tell you that ultrarocessed food, even the stuff labeled high protein and healthy, isn't the best choice. There is a place for stuff like protein shakes and bars, but someone like me definitely doesn't need that dopamine spike on a daily basis from those delicious high protein snacks. That sweet taste would just set me off on a roller coaster of poor choices. Ultimately, this comes down to me wanting and functioning so much better on real food. Nutrientdense food is the key. So, what have been the results of eating a minimum of 150 g of protein a day? The magic thing about eating high protein, it fills me up and it stops the constant food noise that I used to have. So, no more cravings. And by the time I've eaten the protein, then there's not as much room in my body for the ultrarocessed foods, which then has its own benefits. And because protein is filling, it's easier for me to eat within my calorie range, so I can stay on top of my body fat with not much effort at all. I've been weight training and eating high protein meals for just over 2 years. Before doing this 150 g experiment, I was eating about 120 to 140 g of protein a day. But since increasing to 150, 160, 170 g a day, the results have been remarkable. My muscle mass and strength have increased significantly. I reached a plateau with my exercise and stayed there for months and couldn't break through. But with the extra protein, I broke through that plateau. I will say for transparency, at the same time as increasing the protein, I also increased the amount of creatine that I'm taking, going from one dose a day to three doses a day. That likely made a difference to my strength and muscle mass, too. but not all of what I've experienced from doing this. With more muscle, I'm able to work harder and generate more output during my interval training sessions, which is then allowing me to increase my V2 max. And a high V2 max is associated with living a longer and healthier life. Each time I get my haircut, my hairdresser tells me that my hair is growing thicker and faster than before. And I've actually been able to grow my hair longer over the past few months. And I haven't done that before because my hair was so thin and wispy. My blood sugar is stable throughout the day because of the high protein and vegetables. As a result, I have sustained energy, which then leads to better concentration, which for someone like me is an absolute bonus. And this is a good bit. This is what I looked like when I was eating 120 to 140 g of protein a day. It was a vast improvement from me being skinny fat 2 years previous. And this is what I look like now on 150 to 170 grams of protein a day. There's obviously another nine months of weight training in this picture, but I'm much stronger now. And you know what? I feel really good. Do you know how much protein you eat in a day? What do you think about this 150 g plan? I'd love to hear from you in the comments. I'm not sure if I'll stay on this eating plan forever, but for now, it's suiting my health and fitness goals, and it's making me feel great. If you found this video interesting, you might also find this one interesting, too.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LauraTryUK [333 likes]: Notes about this video:

1. Track your protein with the Cronometer app: https://bit.ly/chronometer-app (it's free!)

2. Some concerns about my cookware int he comments. The chopping board is wood pulp. The pans are non-toxic, not teflon, no forever chemicals. I will change the spatula to a metal one, thank you for the reminder.

3. Carnivore - no, I wouldn't consider it as there are too many conflicting views and not enough research for women.

4. Sorry I didn't give any vegetarian or vegan options. I haven't got the experience or knowledge for that. 
I was vegetarian for many years, I was also under nourished. I started eating meat and fish and it was much easier for me to build muscle and take care of my health.
My understanding is protein from plants isn't as bioavailable as protein from meat and fish, and doesn't have the balance of amino acids so it's harder to get the protein right. I may be wrong about that.
Getting protein from plants also means (generally) ingesting more calories, which isn't ideal for me as I want to manage body composition.

5. Some men in the comments saying what I’m doing is a load of old codswallop. 
The thing is, they are male, I am female. Our biologies have very different requirements. Just 2 years ago I was borderline malnourished of muscle. I had such low muscle mass I was setting myself up for all kinds of problems later in life. So now I am fighting for every bit of muscle I can get (hence the high protein and silly workout faces) before I hit the menopause.
The bodybuilder guy in the comments, I don’t know, but perhaps he’s been training all his life. Has great muscle mass, and his maintainence protein (which is less than my 150g) is enough to keep him muscly and strong.
Each person has a different profile, different starting points, different health goals. This isn’t a one size fits all. 
I’m not saying what I’m doing is right. It’s an experiment after all. With pretty remarkable results.
  2. @marielaward8434: As well as fresh vegs and lean protein, I stock  on frozen green vegs and berries so that way I ensure that not one day goes by without eating clean . Don’t buy stuff you know it’s hard to resist, like chocolates or biscuits
  3. @IevaStola: What about mercury poisoning when eating sardines every morning
  4. @stressdefeated: It is vital to understand the 1 gram of protein is per pound of IDEAL body weight - like if you weigh 180 pounds you do not eat 180 grams of protein - if you want to weight 135 you eat that
  5. @vanwinklemeister: I love how English houses look like REAL houses and not gray Pinterest nightmares. Even in BBC shows the homes look lived in and like actual people curated the spaces. - totally unrelated to protein, but thank you for being human.
  6. @johnwoods8735: Hi high protein makes me constipated with a very large poo I've tried taking lots of fibre but still the same problem do you recommend anything that would help thanks 👍
  7. @quakesimmons08: Thanks for sharing your journey.  I've been increasing my protein intake without powders, but I haven't reached 150 grams per day.  I average anywhere from 100-150 grams per day.  This video has encouraged me to increase it more, and add more vegetables. I'm not quite there yet, but I am on the right path.  I'm really grateful for stumbling upon your video.
  8. @Otboprthhu: true story: microwaving scrambled eggs instead of frying is easier. try it out
  9. @theveggiemistress7566: Do you find any issues with your kidneys on high protein?
  10. @LauraTryUK: 🔥 25% OFF Vivobarefoot shoes right now! 🔥
April 16 - May 31
use LAURATRY25 at the checkout
  11. @The_Ghost701: Love that you have the SAD lamp routine going on. This is exactly what I do.
  12. @lynneholden6216: So what does Creatine do for your body? I'm 71yo and I just got done with my Breast Cancer treatment. I started walking about 4000-5000 steps every other day to give myself a day of recovery. I'm trying to lose weight but being overweight and just getting back into walking to help me be more steady on my feet. I've lost 3.2lbs so far, I'll get there but it'll take time. I've been looking at my food intake and it seems i'm doing better on Fiber than Protein, I'm trying though!:face-red-heart-shape::face-blue-smiling::eyes-pink-heart-shape:
  13. @Allday72: Miss, as a fitness enthusiast, isn't 8g of creatine a bit too much. Assuming, you have been taking creatine for a while, your muscle creatine stores get saturated within a month, and 3-5 grams of creatine afterwards is perfect to keep it saturated
  14. @lucypedzinski1403: THIS IS SHEER CRAP!!!!
  15. @ancientdragon3247: Con i ritmi della vita quotidiana e’ davvero molto difficile riuscire a ritagliarsi uno spazio così ampio di tempo per passare molto tempo a cucinare per se stessi…abbiamo vita lavorativa e familiare che è davvero pesante da gestire. Personalmente mi alleno 2 volte a settimana e riesco, considerando anche abbinamento cereali/legumi a raggiungere circa 120g di proteine al giorno…massimo. 
Tuttavia a mio avviso è una forzatura non indifferente perché sarei sazio anche con la metà del cibo che ingerisco.

Non è facile condurre una vita del genere per tanto tempo, a meno che il fitness non sia il proprio ambito lavorativo
  16. @kbarb1000: Love it, I'm going to do I cook per day too, love the idea of knowing the protein is all there and stop calculating all day.
  17. @amoskumar445: I should be your neighbour .... I will eat whatever you put on my plate, any day. Thank you so much for your video ... it was an eye opener.
  18. @El-wv1tf: I’ve started two weeks ago with 120-150 g per day (I’m using AI for that, it is so much easier for me than the apps, plus I’m paying for it anyways. I use it for work). 
First of all- it was hard getting used to it. But! The way I feel, the energy, everything is so much better. Oh yes, I’m 45 and perimenopause is hitting hard with hormones.
  19. @ameslynne6540: Whoa!  It’s been a year or so since I’ve watched your channel.  You look 10 years younger!!! Great job
  20. @whomadethatsaltysoup: Excellent video. I don’t understand the mentality of individuals complaining about regularly eating the same or similar meals. 
So many people have the same toast and jam with a bowl of sugar puffs every day. Similarly, a bag of crisps and a bland sandwich with a sugar laden fizzy drink for lunch.
We regularly cook enough for dinner and lunch on the go next day. A big pot of soup lasts easily for 4 days, and is no more effort than 2 portions.

- Over 60? The Best COLLAGEN-RICH VEGETABLES You MUST EAT Every Day | Senior Women’s Health: Kind: captions Language: en Most women over 60 believe their stiff knees, weak legs, or tingling hands are simply the price of aging. Yet, what few are told is that these changes are often linked to a silent breakdown in the body's collagen system, long before pain becomes obvious. What's even more surprising is that this process is not corrected by supplements or treatments alone, but by specific vegetables that send daily biological signals your body depends on to stay strong. I'm Dr. Eliza Hart, a boardcertified obstitrician and gynecologist with over 15 years of experience supporting women through hormonal and structural changes that occur after midlife. And one of the most common misunderstandings I see is the belief that collagen loss after 60 is only about skin or appearance. In reality, collagen is the internal framework that supports your joints, cushions your nerves, stabilizes your muscles, and helps you move with confidence. Which is why its decline often shows up as stiffness, weakness, or tingling rather than wrinkles alone. The encouraging truth is that even after 60, your body has not lost its ability to rebuild collagen. But it does require the right daily signals rather than quick fixes or expensive promises. Before we begin, I invite you to support this channel by subscribing. And please share in the comments which country you're watching from so I can see how this knowledge is reaching women around the world. and make sure you watch until the end because I have a small but important surprise that may change how you think about collagen entirely. Now, let's begin with the vegetables that quietly help your body rebuild strength from within. One, red bell peppers, the collagen on switch. Before collagen can be rebuilt in any meaningful way, after 60, the body first needs a clear biological signal that tells it repair is both possible and safe. And this is where red bell peppers quietly play a foundational role. Collagen does not begin with collagen itself, but with vitamin C, nutrient that activates the enzymes responsible for assembling amino acids into strong, flexible collagen fibers. As women age, this assembly process becomes less efficient, meaning collagen production may stall even when protein intake appears adequate. Without enough vitamin C, collagen repair remains incomplete, leaving joints more vulnerable nerves less cushioned and recovery from daily movement noticeably slower. What makes red bell peppers especially valuable is that their vitamin C content not only supports new collagen formation, but also helps protect existing collagen from oxidative stress, particularly in high use areas such as the knees, wrists, ankles, and fingers. Clinical research consistently shows that older adults with higher vitamin C intake demonstrate better grip strength, improved mobility, and lower inflammatory markers outcomes that reflect healthier connective tissue rather than cosmetic change. To benefit fully, however, how you use red bell peppers matters just as much as eating them. After 60, the goal is consistency rather than volume. And half a cup per day is more than sufficient to provide the signal your body needs. Red bell peppers are best eaten raw, lightly sliced into salads, blended into spreads, or added at the very end of cooking because prolonged heat quickly destroys vitamin C. One of the most common mistakes I see is overcooking peppers or relying on jarred, roasted, or heavily processed versions, which offer color and flavor but little collagen support. Another mistake is assuming more is better when excessive portions provide no added benefit and may cause digestive discomfort. Used gently and regularly, red bell peppers act as the quiet switch that prepares your body for deeper repair, creating the conditions collagen needs before any further support can truly work. Two, spinach, the collagen protector. If collagen were a structure under repair, spinach would be the material that keeps it from collapsing before the work is finished. And this is why many women notice stiffness returning even when they believe they are doing everything right. After 60, the issue is often not a lack of collagen signals, but an internal environment that quietly breaks collagen down as fast as the body tries to rebuild it. Spinach plays a critical role here because it does not initiate repair but protects the collagen framework from inflammation, poor circulation and mineral depletion that accelerate decline. From a medical standpoint, spinach supports collagen stability through several interconnected mechanisms. It provides vitamin A in the form of beta carotene which regulates fibrolast activity, the cells responsible for producing and maintaining collagen fibers. As estrogen levels fall after menopause, fibroblasts become less responsive, leading to thinner connective tissue and slower repair. Spinach also supplies magnesium, a mineral required for collagen related enzyme function, muscle relaxation, and healthy nerve signaling. Magnesium deficiency, which affects a large percentage of women over 60, often shows up as muscle tightness, nighttime cramps, tingling hands, and reduce circulation. In addition, spinach contains natural nitrates that improve blood flow, allowing oxygen and nutrients to reach collagen rich areas such as the knees, calves, hands, and feet. To use spinach effectively, gentle preparation is essential. One loosely packed cup per serving, lightly steamed or sauteed for one to two minutes, improves mineral absorption while preserving its protective compounds. Adding a small amount of olive oil enhances absorption of fat soluble nutrients. A common mistake is relying on large raw spinach salads daily, which can interfere with mineral uptake and irritate digestion over time. Another is overcooking spinach until it becomes watery and dark, stripping away much of its benefit. When used consistently and thoughtfully, spinach acts as a quiet stabilizer, helping the collagen your body rebuilds remain intact as we move toward deeper joint and cartilage support. Three, okra joint lubrication and cartilage support. There is a very specific moment many women recognize after 60 when standing up from a chair feels harder than it should. The knees resist the first few steps or the fingers seem to hesitate before fully opening. And this sensation is often blamed on bone aging without looking deeper. In reality, what frequently disappears first is not bone, but the smooth internal cushioning that allows joints to move quietly and comfortably. Okra becomes especially important at this stage because it addresses something collagen alone cannot fix, which is the loss of natural lubrication and protection inside aging joints. Medically, this change happens as collagen thins and synenovial fluid, the substance that allows joints to glide without friction, gradually decreases. Okra is rich in mucilage, a gel-like soluble fiber that closely mimics the body's own joint lubrication, creating a more favorable environment for cartilage and connective tissue to recover. It also provides vitamin C to support collagen synthesis, vitamin K, to help guide calcium away from soft tissues and manganesees, a trace mineral involved in forming proline, one of collagen's essential building blocks. Together, these nutrients help reduce friction, calm low-grade inflammation, and protect cartilage surfaces that would otherwise continue to deteriorate. Okra's antioxidant compounds further support nerve protection, which is why stiffness and tingling often appear together when joint support declines. Using okra correctly, makes a significant difference. One half to one cup per serving, prepared gently, is enough to support joint comfort without overwhelming digestion. Light steaming, sautéing, or adding okra to soups preserves its mucelage while making it easier to tolerate. Pairing okra with healthy fats such as olive oil improves absorption of fat soluble nutrients. A common mistake is overcooking okra until it becomes overly slimy or mushy, which reduces its functional benefit. while another is avoiding it entirely because of texture without experimenting with preparation methods. When introduced gradually and used consistently, okra helps restore the quiet smooth movement many women miss preparing the joints for deeper structural support in the sections ahead. Four, broccoli fibroblast protector. Many women focus on feeding collagen after 60. Yet few realize that collagen repair can quietly fail if the very cells responsible for producing it are under constant attack. This is why joints may continue to feel unstable, tendons less responsive, and movement less confident even when nutrition appears adequate. Broccoli enters the picture not as a builder but as a cellular shield protecting the collagen producing machinery itself at a stage when those cells become increasingly vulnerable. From a medical perspective the key lies in fibroblasts the specialized cells that manufacture and maintain collagen fibers with age. Chronic inflammation, oxidative stress, and blood sugar fluctuations weaken fibroblast function, causing collagen to break down faster than it can be replaced. Broccoli contains sulforophane, a compound known to activate the body's internal repair and detoxification pathways, helping fibroblasts resist inflammatory damage and maintain their ability to produce stable connective tissue. Broccoli also provides vitamin C to support collagen assembly. vitamin K to ensure calcium is directed into bones rather than accumulating in joints and a range of antioxidants that reduce glycation, a process that stiffens collagen and makes it brittle. This combination is particularly important for women experiencing cracking knees, unstable ankles, or a deep dull ache that seems to come from within the joint rather than the surface. How broccoli is prepared often determines whether it supports or undermines these benefits. Light steaming for 2 to 3 minutes is ideal as it preserves sulfurophane while improving digestibility. One cup per serving several times per week is sufficient to support fibroblast protection without placing stress on digestion. Adding a small amount of olive oil enhances absorption of fat soluble compounds. A common mistake is boiling broccoli until it becomes soft and pale, which strips away much of its protective value, while another is avoiding it due to bloating without adjusting portion size or cooking method. When used thoughtfully, broccoli helps safeguard the cells that keep collagen renewal possible, creating a stronger internal foundation before circulation focused support becomes the next priority. Five beats circulation and collagen delivery. There is a quiet frustration many women feel after 60 when they try to do everything right for their joints and still notice heaviness in the legs, cold feet, or a lingering weakness that appears after even short walks. And this often signals a problem that nutrition alone cannot solve without adequate circulation. Collagen repair does not happen in isolation because the cells responsible for rebuilding connective tissue depend on a steady supply of oxygen minerals and signaling nutrients carried by healthy blood flow. Beets become important at this stage because they address the delivery system ensuring that the collagen support you provide can actually reach the tissues that need it most. Medically, beets are rich in natural nitrates, which the body converts into nitric oxide, a compound that relaxes blood vessels and improves circulation. As circulation declines with age, collagen producing cells in the legs, knees, feet, and hands often receive fewer resources, slowing repair and increasing stiffness. Improved nitric oxide activity has been shown to enhance lower limb blood flow, walking endurance, and muscle activation while indirectly supporting collagen renewal by restoring access to nutrients. Beets also contain betylain's powerful antioxidants that protect collagen from oxidative stress and folate, which helps regulate homocyine levels, a compound linked to vascular stiffness and connective tissue damage when elevated. Using beets correctly is essential to avoid common mistakes. 1/2 to one cup per serving several times per week is enough to support circulation without overwhelming blood sugar balance. Light steaming or roasting preserves their benefits better than boiling, which causes nutrients to leech into the water. Fresh unsweetened beet juice can also be used in small portions, ideally paired with vitamin C rich vegetables to enhance nitric oxide activity. A frequent error is consuming large amounts daily or combining beets with sugary additives which can counteract their benefits. If circulation has been a challenge for you, comment one. And if you feel blood flow has never been an issue, comment zero so I can better understand where this support matters most. When used thoughtfully, beets help reopen the pathways collagen depends on preparing the body for mineral-based repair in the next step. Six, seaweed, trace minerals for strong collagen. It often comes as a surprise that even with good protein intake and careful vegetable choices, collagen repair can still feel incomplete, as if the body knows what to do, but lacks the final pieces to finish the job. This is because collagen is not built by vitamins alone. And after 60, the smallest missing elements can determine whether new collagen fibers become strong and resilient or weak and disorganized. Seaweed enters at this precise point, supplying the trace minerals that quietly decide the quality of the collagen your body produces. From a medical standpoint, collagen assembly depends on minerals such as iodine, zinc, copper, and manganese, which act as enzyme activators during collagen formation. Seaweed provides these minerals in highly bioavailable forms, allowing fibroblast to produce collagen with proper structure rather than fragile strands that break down quickly. One compound unique to many edible seaweeds is fukcoidin, a natural polysaccharide shown to stimulate fibroblast activity and reduce inflammation around joints and nerve pathways. Seaweed also contains algenate fiber that helps calm inflammatory stress within connective tissue, giving collagen a more stable environment to rebuild. Another often overlooked role is iodine support of thyroid function, which influences metabolic rate and tissue repair, speed factors that commonly slow after menopause and contribute to cold hands, weak legs, and delayed recovery. Using seaweed correctly requires moderation and attention to quality. Two to three small servings per week are sufficient because trace minerals work in tiny amounts and excess offers no added benefit. Dried nori sheets, plain seaweed flakes, or low sodium seaweed snacks are preferable choices. Seaweed can be crumbled into soups, sprinkled over salads, or added to rice dishes without dominating flavor. A common mistake is choosing heavily salted or flavored seaweed products, which may strain blood pressure or digestion. Another is assuming more frequent use will accelerate results. When introduced gently and consistently, seaweed supplies the missing mineral signals that allow collagen to be built with strength, preparing the body for the next layer of internal protection. Seven, asparagus, glutathione, and collagen shield. There is a point after 60 when women notice that even careful nutrition seems to lose its protective effect as if the body repairs during the day but quietly unravels again overnight leaving joints aching and nerves more sensitive by morning. This pattern is rarely about effort or consistency, but about protection. Because collagen that is newly formed can still be broken down faster than it is rebuilt if oxidative stress remains unchecked. Asparagus becomes important here because it strengthens the body's internal defense system, allowing collagen to survive long enough to do its work. From a medical perspective, asparagus is one of the richest natural sources of glutathione. Often described as the body's master antioxidant, glutathione neutralizes free radicals that attack collagen fibers in joints, tendons, skin, and the protective sheets surrounding nerves. After menopause, glutathione production commonly declines, leaving collagen more fragile, and tissues more vulnerable to inflammation and breakdown. This is why joint discomfort, skin thinning, and nighttime tingling often appear together. Asparagus also provides vitamin K, which plays a crucial role in directing calcium into bones rather than allowing it to accumulate in soft tissues where it can stiffen collagen and irritate nearby nerves. In addition, asparagus supplies folate, a nutrient essential for cell division and tissue renewal, supporting the steady replacement of aging collagen producing cells. To use asparagus effectively, gentle cooking and portion awareness are key. Lightly steaming or sautéing asparagus until just tender preserves its antioxidant capacity while improving digestion, making about one cup per serving ideal. Pairing it with a small amount of olive oil enhances absorption of fat soluble nutrients while including it several times per week supports ongoing protection rather than short-term effects. A common mistake is over cooking asparagus until it becomes limp and dull, which significantly reduces its protective value. Another is overlooking it entirely because its benefits feel subtle rather than dramatic. When used consistently, asparagus acts as a quiet shield, helping the collagen your body rebuilds remain intact, resilient, and protected as we move toward the final stage of daily renewal. Eight, parsley, the daily collagen rebuilder. What often separates steady improvement from ongoing decline after 60 is not intensity, but the presence of a small daily signal that the body can recognize and respond to consistently. And this is where parsley quietly outperforms many foods that receive far more attention. Often treated as a garnish and pushed aside, parsley carries an unusually concentrated combination of nutrients that speak directly to the collagen system, making it one of the most efficient daily tools for rebuilding and preserving connective tissue. From a medical standpoint, parsley stands out because of its exceptionally high vitamin C content in a very small volume, which is critical for assembling new collagen fibers day after day without overwhelming digestion. Unlike larger servings of fruit, parsley delivers this signal without raising blood sugar, an important consideration after menopause when glucose fluctuations can accelerate collagen breakdown. Parsley is also rich in vitamin K, a nutrient essential for keeping collagenrich tissues flexible by ensuring calcium is directed into bones rather than deposited in joints, cartilage, and blood vessels where it contributes to stiffness and nerve irritation. In addition, parsley contains apagenin, a flavonoid shown to protect fibroblasts from inflammatory stress, allowing newly formed collagen to remain intact instead of being rapidly degraded. Its natural support of glutathione production further strengthens the body's antioxidant defenses, slowing the silent erosion of connective tissue that often accompanies aging. Using parsley effectively is about simplicity and repetition rather than large portions. 2 to 3 tablespoons of fresh, finely chopped parsley daily is sufficient to provide meaningful support. It can be added to eggs, soups, salads, smoothies, or sprinkled over cooked vegetables without altering meals significantly. A common mistake is treating parsley as an occasional decoration rather than a daily ingredient, while another is relying solely on dried parsley, which offers reduced potency compared to fresh. When used consistently, parsley acts as a quiet daily reminder to the body to rebuild, protect, and maintain the collagen framework that supports confident movement as we approach the final step of practical integration. Nine, how to use these vegetables safely and effectively after 60. At this point, many women begin to wonder whether real progress requires eating all of these vegetables every day or following a rigid plan that feels overwhelming. And this concern alone often becomes the reason nothing changes. The truth is that collagen repair after 60 responds far better to consistency and rhythm than to intensity and understanding. How to apply what you've learned is just as important as knowing which vegetables matter most. From a clinical perspective, the body adapts best when it receives clear, repeated signals without being pushed into stress. You do not need all eight vegetables daily because collagen responds to patterns rather than volume. Choosing two or three vegetables at a time allows your digestive system, circulation, and connective tissue to adjust gradually, which is especially important after menopause when sensitivity to dietary changes increases. Rotating vegetables across the week provides a broader range of nutrients while reducing the risk of excess fiber, mineral imbalance, or digestive discomfort. This gentle approach supports steady collagen rebuilding without triggering inflammation or fatigue. In practice, the most effective method is to begin with one foundation vegetable and one supportive vegetable for the first week using moderate portions once per day. During the second and third weeks, you can introduce variety by rotating options based on availability and preference. Light cooking methods such as steaming quick sautéing or adding vegetables at the end of cooking help preserve nutrients while improving tolerance. Pairing vegetables with healthy fats like olive oil enhances absorption of fat soluble vitamins and reduces gastrointestinal strain. Common mistakes include trying to overhaul the diet all at once, eating excessive raw vegetables that are harder to digest, or assuming that larger portions will accelerate results. Progress after 60 is subtle. At first, often showing up as easier movement, reduced morning stiffness, or calmer nerves. When these vegetables are used thoughtfully and patiently, they work together as a system, preparing your body for long-term strength rather than short-lived improvement. As we've seen, collagen loss after 60 is not a sudden failure of the body, but a gradual shift that responds best to steady, thoughtful support rather than force or urgency. Each vegetable we discussed plays a different role from activating collagen repair to protecting it, delivering it, and helping it last. And when used consistently, they work together as a quiet system that supports joints, nerves, and confident movement. My advice is simple. Start small, stay patient, and allow your body time to respond. If you found this guidance helpful and would like to support the continued growth of this channel, a small donation is always appreciated and helps me keep sharing evidence-based education for women everywhere. Please remember to like, share, and subscribe so this information can reach more people. And thank you sincerely for spending this time with

  Top Comments:
  1. @akindelerafiu4158: Nigeria

- Japanese Minimalist🇯🇵: What I eat in a day |Simple Recipes|: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Aki, a minimalist who is a school teacher living in a small village in Japan. Today, I’ll be sharing about what I eat in a day from morning to night. To be honest, my daily diet isn't&nbsp; as cool as any other Vlogger. However, in this video, you will able to see "What Japanese people usually eat everyday",&nbsp; and "How to make delicious matcha and cook rice" ,so please watch it until the end. So, let’s get started! 5:00 am Breakfast After changing clothes and cleaning my&nbsp; room as usual, I go down to the kitchen. So, I'm gonna start making my&nbsp; breakfast … but before that,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve been asked by many people&nbsp; about Japanese breakfast, like "What do Japanese people&nbsp; usually eat in the morning?" So, I'll answer this first. Traditionally, we eat Japanese food like this. However, these days, many people eat Western&nbsp; food like this.and I always answered, “bread.” It depends on the generation,&nbsp; but I think it's about 50/50. So for example, sometimes Japanese&nbsp; school students will ask their friends, "What do you usually have for&nbsp; breakfast, rice or bread??" While growing up, in my home I would usually&nbsp; eat bread and Western style breakfast. and I always answered, “bread.” But as I grew up, my&nbsp; breakfast preferences changed.&nbsp; Now as an adult, I usually drink&nbsp; smoothies and matcha for breakfast. In other words, my breakfast is a&nbsp; combination of Western and Japanese styles. First, I’ll be talking&nbsp; about my breakfast smoothie. The ingredients I usually put&nbsp; in my smoothies are dates,&nbsp;&nbsp; ginger, apples, eggs,&nbsp; bananas, soy milk, and cobon. Occasionally, I add other vegetables&nbsp; such as spinach and tomatoes. People often ask, "Is it really&nbsp; okay to eat raw eggs?", I would say, “Yes, the quality of eggs in&nbsp; Japan is carefully controlled,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's okay to eat them raw. We love it.” Cobon is a drink made from natural yeast.&nbsp; With even a small amount of it, it really&nbsp; helps kick-start my digestive system. The reason why I drink&nbsp; smoothies in the morning is that&nbsp; m First, it is&nbsp;&nbsp; easy to digest fruits and vegetables. Also, since smoothies are light meals, so&nbsp;&nbsp; you can also exercise and work&nbsp; out after drinking it, like me. As you can see, smoothies have many advantages,&nbsp; but they also have some disadvantages. It makes my body cold. So, in order to counteract that feeling, I&nbsp; always drink warm matcha after the smoothie. I usually do a more casual version of&nbsp; tea ceremony and drink matcha like this. But today, since I’m making this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would like to introduce two&nbsp; ways to make delicious matcha. The first way, in my opinion, is the&nbsp; most delicious way to prepare matcha.&nbsp; These are the items to prepare: If you don't have these things in your&nbsp; home, you can substitute something similar. When people prepare their matcha, many&nbsp; immediately put the matcha in a tea bowl,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you shouldn’t do this if&nbsp; you wanna make delicious matcha. The first thing you should do is preheat your bowl&nbsp;&nbsp; so that the matcha won’t get cold and you’ll be&nbsp; able to make a well frothed and creamy matcha. At the same time, it would be great if you can&nbsp;&nbsp; warm up the chasen in warm&nbsp; water to soften the tips. After that, please don't forget to&nbsp; dry the tea bowl with a clean cloth. Then, you are going to place the bowl on the&nbsp; scale, and set it to zero with the sifter on top. And I'm going to add 2g of matcha. This process is going to break up the matcha&nbsp; powder and give you a much nicer texture. Then finally, add hot water. I tested it many times, then I found that&nbsp;&nbsp; 90g of hot water at 65 ℃ (149 ° F)&nbsp; is the best for traditional matcha. Then, you want to whisk for&nbsp; 15 seconds with a chasen. When whisking, it’s preferable to move it&nbsp; like writing M instead of making circles. And I do about 3 seconds of gathering in. Then I do 5 seconds of vigorous whisking. And about 6 seconds you’ll&nbsp; see I’ve started moving slower&nbsp;&nbsp; and then gently mix the surface&nbsp; to get really nice foam. Finally, put the chasen center and pull&nbsp; it out of the middle of the matcha. You want to check the foam attached&nbsp; to the tip of the chasen like this,&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s the sign that you got a nice froth. It's complete. Next is the method for those who don’t&nbsp; have the normal tools to make such matcha. This is what you need to prepare. After warming up the Mason jar, put&nbsp; matcha and hot water in the same way... then... Shake it!!! for 15 seconds!! And it's complete. Pretty easy, isn’t it? I think matcha made with chasen&nbsp; is more delicious of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; but this method also gets the job done. &nbsp; By the way, today I used this&nbsp; brand of matcha called Matcha Moon. And this gave a good texture and flavorful taste. Also, in the future, I think I’ll&nbsp; make a matcha comparison video. During the morning Today I was making a kamakura,&nbsp; which is an igloo with my friend. 12:00 pm Lunch Now it's time for lunch. These days I’m really into Mentai Kamatama Udon. Kamatama-Udon is boiled udon&nbsp; noodles with raw egg and soy sauce. I always put mentaiko in it as&nbsp; well, which is spicy cod roe. When the noodles are boiled, I strain&nbsp; them and then put them in a bowl. Add mentaiko, an egg, Then pour soy sauce and Yuzupon on it. That’s it. Super simple! Then, I mix it up and eat it. I love it so much that I never&nbsp; get tired of eating it every day. By the way, apparently mentaiko is sold under the&nbsp; name, “Hakata spicy caviar”, outside of Japan. During the Afternoon Finally, the kamakura is completed. I enjoyed drinking matcha with my friend. I will also make a video about this&nbsp; too, so please look forward to it. 18:30 pm Dinner Well, I’m going to make dinner. First, I cook rice in a clay pot. Then put pesticide-free brown&nbsp; rice in the pot and add water. Actually, you want to soak the brown rice in water&nbsp; for about 30 minutes in advance before cooking,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to make more delicious rice. But I was so hungry that I couldn’t wait. haha I cook it on the electric stove&nbsp; for about 20 minutes on high heat. If you use a gas stove, 15 minutes&nbsp; is about enough on high medium heat. After that, I turn off the heat&nbsp; and leave it for 20 minutes. Make sure not to open the lid. I’m going to prepare side&nbsp; dishes while the rice cooks. Today, I’m gonna grill saury on&nbsp; the fish grill, under the stove. Reheat the miso soup I made yesterday. The ingredients for miso soup are&nbsp; tofu, nameko (which are mushrooms),&nbsp;&nbsp; green onions, and white radishes. This is the miso I used,&nbsp; which is a 3-year-old miso&nbsp;&nbsp; made and purchased in the hot spring&nbsp; town near the Snow Monkey Park. By the way, I am currently&nbsp; using a Teflon-coated pot,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I would like to buy a cast-iron&nbsp; pot in the future. While the rice finished&nbsp; cooking, I grated the radish. Mmmm it looks delicious! I'm a minimalist, so I have only these plates. I’m going to put the food on a plate, take out&nbsp; chopsticks, then arrange them on the table. Ok! it’s finally time to eat. Itadakimasu. After that, I made matcha in&nbsp; the kamakura again at night&nbsp;&nbsp; because it was very beautiful.&nbsp; It was cold, but fun. Summary Today, I introduced what I eat&nbsp; I'm sorry it's not very fancy and&nbsp; cool, but I promise it’s delicious! In the future,&nbsp;&nbsp; I hope my meals will help inspire you to&nbsp; create even more delicious and healthy dishes. However, if you think this is something&nbsp; that you want to incorporate into your life,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think that’s really great. If you like this type of video, please give&nbsp; it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel. Also, it would be great if you let me&nbsp; know what you think about this video&nbsp;&nbsp; or what you eat in your&nbsp; country in the comments below. Stay safe, have fun, and thank&nbsp; you for watching as usual. I hope to see you in the next video. bye bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HananM-ex3vs: Like your genuine  video❤
  2. @tinadurrell2943: Thank you so much from England
  3. @NadyaKing-p7h: 🙏 I love you taking us through a daily flow and meals. I'm tried shaking Matcha this morning - brilliant!! 

A couple of local shops now sell organic Miso, made in a nearby Oregon town - I'm so enjoying this! And since starting to make natto, i have it most days.  
My grandkids love horchata - rice that's been soaked over night and then ground (with cinnamon - bit could be ginger ....) 1/2 Cup to 2 Cups water ... i find it makes a nice addition to smoothies, or anyplace you'd use milk! (I use organic brown rice)
  4. @danielleg.3818: Simple is great. I live in California, USA and would love to learn more simple Japanese recipes to incorporate into my diet. Please include simple tips and tricks to make basic dishes such as your rice and miso soup as you did with your Matcha. That would be great. I am looking forward to seeing more of your videos in the future.
  5. @TheTripstraps: Wow, you clean ur room in the morning:)? I couldnt be as strict😊 Ur food is cooler than most vloggers, please do not talk down on urself
  6. @maggiec5311: This was cool! Thank you for sharing.
  7. @CecilTaara: 4:09 the supreme scientist samurai
  8. @CecilTaara: The Banana Date latte popped up in a small chain or a few small stores in NYC, similar to your smoothie. It's not that common, but it seems a small number of people really like it and got addicted.
  9. @mjtunstall1976: that looks yummy, love all things japan, never tried the green tea and i'll try and see what it tastes like! G'day mate from Australia
  10. @forzaelettrica: Interesting and delicious.
  11. @David-t5j3y: Hello . I am from USA and I have been studying your culture and I learned so much from it . Japanese are very healthy so I have been studying the way u eat . Thank u so much for sharing and I will incorporate this into my diet 😋
  12. @LauraACLINE-k7y: Why do your apples look like pears
  13. @islamic.plus.student_life: Please make a video of 2026 also
  14. @petadelsonno5973: Thank you so much Aki.  I love watching how you prepare your meals, traditional meals in Japan. It’s very inspiring for me to try something new.
I live in Miami Beach, Florida, USA and for me normally on a workday I would just have a smoothie on my days off. I would have coffee fruit and a biscotti or two light and simple.
I would love to visit Japan live there for awhile. Maybe he has an exchange student and get to know the culture more.
Thank you so much for your videos. They are very inspiring.
  15. @Kijahni: So now Japanese young people eat western food which is ruining THEIR health. While a lot of of us in the US have turned to… Rice. Natto. Grilled salmon. Basically everything that was once popular and helped with all kinds of health issues in Japan. I'm sorry that you're eating western food.
  16. @deisyrosalopez6914: Thanks I learned a lot. Deisy  from Portugal👘
  17. @piotrharasim9501: Thank you for that. ❤
Is it enough calories through the day for you? Dosnt realy look much. Shake, then noodles whith egg, last meal it is quite bigger. Iooks like low fat, low protein and medium carbs I would say. Thanx for sharing!❤
  18. @GlidingChiller: The food looks delicious, nutritous and japanese. However, I doubt it's even 2000kcal, which really isn't much for a physically active young man. I would need bigger portions :)
  19. @sayehn9230: You have eaten raw egg?
  20. @leighheskey6381: A beautiful video , thanks for posting 🙏💖

- Top 10 Morning Foods You Should Eat Every Day: Kind: captions Language: en-US Top 10 Morning Foods You Should Eat Every Day Breakfast is the most important meal of the day as what you eat in the morning can affect your entire day. A study published in the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health shows that eating a healthy breakfast is linked with better nutrient intake and improved overall health. But all breakfasts are not created equal. The quality matters a lot. So what should you eat in the morning to stay healthy and energetic all day? Keep watching. In today's video, we will share with you the top 10 morning foods that are easy to prepare and are good for your health. #1. Eggs Want to start your morning with something simple and nutritious? Eggs are the best option. They are full of protein and healthy fats which keep you full for a longer time and help in weight management while giving you sufficient energy. A study published in the Journal of American College of Nutrition shows that when eggs are eaten at breakfast, the total amount of daily calories consumed decreases. Additionally, egg yolk contains antioxidants, lutein, and zeaxanthin, which prevent eye disorders and improve vision. Eggs are also one of the best sources of choline, an essential nutrient that stimulates brain development and improves liver function. Prepare omelet, scrambled eggs, or boil them, whatever the way you like, and pair them with whole-grain toast or sautéed vegetables, and your delicious breakfast is ready. #2. Oatmeal It is rich in carbohydrates, fiber, protein, vitamins, and minerals, making it a perfect morning food. With just one cup of oatmeal, you get 13 grams of protein, 8 grams of fiber, and minerals like iron, folate, zinc, and phosphorus, essential for normal body functioning. A study published in the journal Nutritional Reviews shows that beta-glucan, a type of fiber present in oats, reduces LDL (low-density Lipo-protein) cholesterol and lowers the risk of cardiovascular diseases. Plus, it also promotes a feeling of fullness and prevents overeating, helping you maintain your overall calorie intake. For making it more nutritious, add a splash of dairy or soy milk and almond butter. Just stay away from the ones containing artificial flavoring and added sugar. #3. Flaxseed Despite their tiny size, flaxseeds are an excellent source of many essential nutrients, including omega-3 fatty acids. It is an essential fat that lowers LDL or bad cholesterol levels and reduces inflammation and damage, which otherwise could lead to chronic diseases like diabetes, heart diseases, and arthritis. The list of flaxseed benefits does not end with omega-3 fatty acids; it is also a great source of fiber, protein, antioxidants, and minerals like magnesium and selenium. Are you thinking about how to add them to your diet? Blend them into your morning smoothie or as a topping to oatmeal. If you want weight loss benefits, try it with yogurt. This powerful combination will boost your metabolism and keep you healthy and fit. #4. Berries How about starting your day with something sweet and healthy? Eating berries is a perfect way to do that. They are good in taste, have beautiful colors, and are brimming with health benefits. A study published in the journal Circulation shows that a higher intake of antioxidants present in berries is associated with a lower risk of heart diseases. They are also rich in fiber which helps you stay full until lunch and lower your overall caloric intake. You can add them to your smoothie, yogurt, and oatmeal or enjoy them as they taste delicious in every way. And if you are going for frozen berries, make sure they do not contain any added sugar. #5. Whole wheat toast Whole wheat toast is nutrient-dense with lots of fiber, protein, vitamins, and minerals. Because of these properties, it makes you feel full for a longer time and boosts your metabolism. Plus, whole wheat bread contains fewer calories than white bread, and when you toast it, the glucose level in the bread alters, which significantly lowers the glycemic index, making it more healthy for you. It is easy to incorporate into your diet as it goes with many things, easy to prepare, and is perfect for people who are always on the go. Pair it with eggs or nut butter; this will enhance the taste and nutritional value of the toast. We've made it halfway through our list, and we sincerely hope you've enjoyed it so far. Please don't forget to subscribe to my channel. Hit the Like button and ring the notification bell if you want to see more content like this. Let’s move forward with the video! #6. Nuts & nut butter A fist full of nuts is a great way to start your day as they are rich in protein, essential fatty acids, fiber, vitamins, and minerals. A study published in the journal Current Atherosclerosis Report shows that nut consumption is linked with a lower risk of cardiovascular diseases. They are also rich in antioxidants which fight inflammation and avoid cell and tissue damage. But the reason that makes them a perfect morning food is their high fiber and protein content, which gives you an abundant amount of energy to perform your daily task, helps you ward off fatigue, and reduces your daily caloric intake. Nut butter is also a good choice for breakfast. It pairs well with almost everything from fruits to smoothies to toast, and the list goes on. #7. Protein shakes If you want to have a protein-enriched breakfast but do not have enough time for preparing fancy foods, protein shakes are the way to go. They provide you with your morning dose of protein that keeps you full for a longer time, and the best thing is it is low in calories, so it is great if you are on your journey to weight loss. You can also add your favorite fruits, vegetables, seeds, or nuts to protein shakes. It is a simple and easy way to add vitamins and minerals to your daily diet. To get maximum benefits, keep an eye on the ingredients and choose the one without added sugar or artificial sweeteners. #8. Bananas We all know bananas are the superstar of potassium; However, their goodness is not limited to just that. Packed with filling fiber and other valuable nutrients, tossing some diced bananas in your fruit bowl or morning smoothie will lift your mood, giving you an energized start to the day. What makes bananas awesome is the resistant starch that supports digestive health and does not leave you feeling bloated or lethargic. As they are rich in potassium, they also lower your blood pressure and reduce the risk of a heart attack. Add them to your oatmeal with nut butter and sprinkle some seeds over them. This delicious combination will supercharge you for your day ahead. #9. Greek yogurt The nutritious, light and super healthy Greek yogurt make perfect morning food. It is rich in protein and calcium and contains probiotics that support the healthy gut and immune system. A study published in the European Journal of Nutrition shows that yogurt consumption is associated with higher nutrient intake, better diet quality, and a favorable metabolic profile. You can combine it with fruits, nuts, and seeds to make it more filling and healthy. Choose the one without any added sugar or flavors to avoid additional calories. #10. Coffee Coffee not only helps you wake up, but it is also full of antioxidants that neutralize the free radicals and reduce inflammation and damage. According to the American Diabetes Association, drinking coffee reduces the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. It also improves glucose metabolism, making it a perfect choice for a weight loss journey. But what you are putting in your coffee is also important. Keep it simple and reduce or avoid adding sugar or heavy cream. You can use non-fat or plant-based milk and enjoy a cup of healthy and delicious coffee with your breakfast. A good breakfast boosts your energy and gets you ready for the day. So never miss it and add these foods to your morning routine to notice more productive changes in your day. They are easy to prepare, healthy, and most importantly, delicious. After eating a nutritious breakfast, go for morning meditation or exercise. It will make your morning routine more healthy and positive. I know it is hard to adopt, but it will pay off forever and make your life beautiful. Will you start eating these foods after watching this video? Let us know in the comment section below. Make sure to subscribe; so you don't miss out on my future videos. Don’t forget to like and share. Stay Healthy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HorizonsHealth [68 likes]: 🟢 Must Watch Videos:
▪ 12 Best Foods to Eat in the Morning for a healthy lifestyle (Lastest guide) ➜  https://youtu.be/g4vDN7z6MOw
▪ 12 Best Herbs And Spices That Reduce Inflammation Naturally ➜ https://youtu.be/XrHkfPuZ9NU
▪ 12 Foods And Drinks That Cleanse Your Arteries  ➜ https://youtu.be/iq3lcKAfUx0
▪ 12 Foods That Reduce Your Heart Attack ➜ https://youtu.be/kgLU9E5u1SA
▪ 15 Best Foods That Unclog Arteries ➜ https://youtu.be/L11nXCTSkJY
  2. @bettyvisser2551: I do eat them all thanks
  3. @LenVanna: All studies, all empirical evidence,  points to the "healthiest" breakfast being one that won't spike insulin. Eggs and avocado is the king. Absolute number one.
  4. @shirleyscotland: Yes i will contiue
  5. @FitPrimeAura: I have enjoyed this video and also editing is very awesome
  6. @Duriarte23: I already am😊
  7. @VisceralReset: Great video! Loved how you explained each food with its benefits—definitely adding a few of these to my morning routine
  8. @Pogogms: Eat healthy, live long.
  9. @HealthyFoodDailyNG: Very nice protein 🎉❤
  10. @HealthClinic2000: great foods
  11. @cynthiagravett2419: I eat all of the foods on the list every day, however I don't drink coffee or protein shakes. ❤
  12. @TheSamuiman: Anyone with a fraction of common sense should know this instead of allowing to be hypnotized by advertizing!
  13. @kennethrich6875: ❤❤
  14. @wilhelmtaylor9863: Best breakfast:  fasting.  Worked for me to lose a lot of ell bees.
  15. @bd764: My favorite way to make eggs is to steam them in a steamer basket.
Steam for 12 min.
Then put them in ice water for 12 min.
Peel perfect every time.
  16. @WellnessOver50-x3f: Which of these morning foods do you eat most often? Comment your favorite below.
  17. @KarenRage-3979: This breakfast menu is fantastic. I'll be sticking with it.
  18. @Abbasshah168-f2t: Excellent work
  19. @Mr.NutritionFits: Great video its informative ❤
  20. @seniornutricare: The key isn’t chasing trends — it’s building a sustainable routine with real, whole foods and paying attention to how your body responds over time.
Especially as we get older, balancing protein, fiber, and blood sugar becomes more important than ever. Consistency always wins over extremes.
Thanks for sharing such a valuable discussion here 🙏

- What I Eat on Busy Days to Stay Lean | High Protein 25 Min Dinner: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, it's Jesse Lipkkey and welcome back to my channel. In today's video, we are going to be making my Mediterranean styled snapper. This is a one pan meal, so there's minimal cleanup. It's high in protein, packed with nutrients, and low in carbohydrates. If you want to see this Mediterranean masterpiece, then stick around. These are all of the ingredients that you're going to need for today's recipe. So, we have our snapper fillets. Of course, I'll be using one red onion. And then we have two cups of cherry tomatoes, half a cup of white wine, we have two teaspoons of dried oregano, four tablespoons of capers, um this is 3 tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil, four cloves of garlic. I'm going to be chopping up half a cup of roasted red peppers. Then we have half a cup of mixed olives. To garnish, we'll be using some lemon wedges as well as some parsley. So, go ahead and grab all of those ingredients and let's go. Just going to start by slicing our snapper fillets just so that they can be placed in the pan a bit easier. Now, we're going to be using half of our olive oil. So, just start by drizzling that on top of your snapper. And then we're going to season with salt and pepper. And just go ahead and massage that all in. Make sure both sides are evenly coated. We'll go ahead and add a bit more seasoning to the other side. Set our snapper aside. Your pan is nice and hot. We're going to add in our onions and our garlic. Our onions have softened and we have a bit of browning of our garlic. We can go ahead and add in our cherry tomatoes. We're also going to add in our oregano and half of our capers. I'm going to bring the heat down to low in our white wine. And then we're just going to leave that to simmer for about 3 minutes. Take a look. Beautiful. So, now that our tomatoes have begun to burst, we're going to get a fork and crush them up further. um just to create a thick uh red goo. So, now that I've crushed up a few of our tomatoes, I'm actually going to add in about half of our mixed olives. And then I'm just going to stir that through. We're going to go ahead and add in our snapper. Bell peppers on top. Our snapper fillets are nice and thin, so they aren't going to need uh too much time to cook. Uh you can leave it for about 5 to 8 minutes. Just check in between and cook to your liking. I'm just going to squeeze on some fresh lemon. Is looking absolutely beautiful. We're going to leave it for about 1 to two more minutes before we add um the rest of our ingredients. I wish you could smell these aroma. Absolutely magnificent. So, I'm just going to turn off the heat here. Uh, and then we're just going to add in the rest of our capers, the remaining olives, add in our lemon wedges, and our fresh parsley. There you have it. You're ready to dig into this Mediterranean snapper skillet. That's it for today's video. I hope that you enjoyed. Make sure to give this recipe a try and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pineapples6459 [1 likes]: Fish being my favorite meat source I immediately clicked no cap

- How to Eat High Protein without Wasting your Money.: Kind: captions Language: en Right now, it feels like everyone is trying to sell you protein. If you walk into a grocery store, it's slapped on every label. Scroll your Instagram feed and you'll probably see a lot of cottage cheese or the latest high protein ice cream brand. And Drew Gooden just made a great video about this where he basically bought every protein product he could find. And he raised some good points like first, protein products are generally pretty expensive, and two, most of them don't taste great. But here's the thing. Eating a high protein diet does have a lot of benefits. And personally, it has completely changed my life. It's part of what has helped me go from 240 lbs in high school to 175 lbs now. And several years ago, I pushed much lower just to see how far I could go. But I didn't do any of this by throwing back protein shakes, taking supplements, or trying out the latest protein snacks. I'll have an occasional protein bar, but 95% of my weekly protein intake just comes from normal food that I cook at home, which I find is way cheaper and much more enjoyable way to get my protein. And I'm able to do this by following three simple strategies that all build on each other. Now, before we dive into the strategies, I have three questions that you need to answer because the way that I use these strategies will probably work slightly different than how you will use them depending on the answers. And first up is why do you want to eat higher protein in the first place? Two is how much protein do you actually need? And the third question that most people miss is how much protein do you currently eat? Because eating some set of protein per day is not magically going to solve all your problems. You need some clarity on why you want to do this and how to approach it. And I'm going to give you my answers to these three questions to just guide the discussion, but they're for example purposes only. None of this is going to stick if you don't figure it out for yourself. So, let's hop in. But first, thank you to today's sponsor, Graza, where if you smell these three olive oils side by side, they all have quite different aromomas and because of that, different ways that you should use them in the kitchen. And here's why. First up is their extravirgin olive oil that can be used for cooking known as sizzle. And this olive oil is made from 100% pqual olives, but they're picked at a slightly later maturity. So there's kind of a little bit of a mellower olive aroma, but it has a higher smoke point, which is great for cooking. And this is very different from their second option, drizzle, which is a finishing olive oil that you probably wouldn't want to waste cooking with. This extravirgin olive oil is made from younger hoji blanca olives. So it kind of has this more intense almost spicy aroma that would be great for finishing on salads or pasta dishes and things like that. Then the last olive oil that has been missing from Graza's lineup is frizzle. And this is a neutral high heat olive oil that can be used for searing, deep frying, or baking. And you could use this in place of whatever your typical neutral oil is like canola, vegetable, or avocado. This is still made with 100% olives, but it's completely neutral smelling, especially compared to these other two. So, if you were like making French fries or maybe chocolate chip cookies, this is the one that you would want to grab. I mean, maybe you could try olive oil flavored chocolate chip cookies. It could be interesting, but probably not in most cases. Anyway, if you want to check out the trio for yourself, you can head to my link in the description or use the QR code on screen to get 10% off your order. And thanks again, Graza, for sponsoring this video. But now let's ask the question, why do you want to eat higher protein in the first place? Protein is not some magic macronutrient. I like to think of it as a tool that can make your goals easier to achieve. And all humans need some basic amount of protein to survive and support overall body function. Your hair, skin, enzymes, hormones, and immune system are all built on amino acids, which are the building blocks of protein. Now the minimal daily recommended is.36 g per pound. So for 175 lb person this would be roughly 63 gram or 252 calories worth of protein per day. Now beyond that eating a higher protein diet can have added benefits like allowing you to build excess muscle, stabilizing energy levels and just can make overall diet adherence and weight loss easier since gram for gram protein is more satiating than carbohydrates or fats. The thing is though, protein only helps you achieve these in the context of calorie balance, your training, and what the rest of your lifestyle looks like. So, this is where you need to ask yourself, what changes are you looking for? And for me, the answer to this question has changed throughout the years. When I first started in high school, I simply wanted to lose weight. And the real trigger for fat loss is simply eating fewer calories. But by eating higher protein, it helped me feel fuller on fewer calories. so I didn't feel starved while dieting. Then several years later, after I had already lost a bunch of weight, I wanted to see how lean I could get. So eating a higher protein diet became a shield to protect the muscle I'd already built while I stayed in that caloric deficit. Now, where I'm at today is much more just about general health. I'm not chasing bodybuilding strength goals or a specific body fat percentage. I lift a few times a week, nothing crazy. So, I want enough protein to hold on to some lead muscle and support my overall health. things like better recovery, stable energy, and just keeping my body functioning well. And this brings us to question number two. How much protein do you actually need to support these kinds of goals? And again, the answer to this question for me has changed over the years. Still to this day, the most commonly talked about number when it comes to how much protein you need per day to build an optimal amount of muscle is 1 g per pound of body weight. So 175 lbs means 175 gram or 700 calories worth of protein. But here's why this amount of protein can be problematic for a lot of people. First up, the most evidence-based number for optimal muscle growth is around 73 g per pound or 1.6 g per kilogram of body weight. And anything beyond that, there is either no benefit or extremely diminishing returns. And I will leave links to these articles and studies below. But additionally, the average person starting out and just wanting to lose some weight or get some muscle in the weight room can get great results at even 0.55 grams per day, assuming the other key factors like your total calories, your resistance training, recovery, and sleep are all dialed in. Now, there's nothing wrong health-wise eating one gram per pound of body weight or even much higher, assuming you're meeting all of your macronutrient and total calorie needs. But the reason why this amount can be problematic for many people and send them down the expensive rabbit hole of consuming protein shakes, snacks, and bars is that it severely restricts the types of food you can eat on a day-to-day basis. And I learned this the hard way a few years ago. Because you have to keep in mind, the three primary macronutrients that make up the calories in our food all work in a pushpull relationship. 1 gram of fat is 9 calories. 1 gram of carbs is 4 calories. And 1 g of protein is four calories. So if you try to increase your protein intake while keeping your calories the same, you have to either reduce the carbs, the fat, or a little of both. And what a lot of people do is try to lower our total calories per day and increase the amount of protein at the same time. And this is the exact trap that I fell into a few years ago when I wanted to see how lean I could get. I started at 165 and was like, "Well, I've got to do the 1 g per pound rule." So, 165 g of protein per day. And after like 3 days of trying out that diet, I was like, "Dude, this sucks. I cannot do it." So, I just was like, I'm going to shoot for 120 g a day and see what happens. And guess what? The difference was massive from a lifestyle perspective. We are talking about 45 g of protein difference per day or 180 calories worth of food that I can now spend on carbohydrates or fat instead of shoveling more protein. And we're going to get into a lot more examples shortly, but here's one simple one. At 1 g per pound, if I wanted a burger, I feel like I'd almost have to eat it wrapped in lettuce or something and then still add a side of plain chicken breast just to hit my protein goal. However, at 7 grams per pound, I can now have that same burger just on a bio bun, which is about 160 or so calories, and I'm still well within my targets. And for me, this made it so much easier to stick to and made the next 5 weeks fly by. And the key takeaway here is that 7 g per pound is going to be the sweet spot for optimal muscle gains. Or if you want a rounder number, maybe just say 3/4 of your body weight. However, even something like 0.55 g per pound is going to be great for the average person who trains, eats well, has a job and hobbies outside of just being in the gym every day for a few hours. Now, if you want to be a bodybuilder, elite athlete, or strength competitor, like, sure, eat as much protein as you want. But for most people, you don't really need to be as obsessed with protein as it kind of feels like everyone is today. In my personal example, it made a massive difference just lowering that target. And I was able to achieve outcomes that I wouldn't have been able to otherwise. And this leads us to the third question. How much protein are you actually eating right now? And this is the question that I didn't ask myself back then, but I later realized I was already eating around 120 or 30 g of protein per day while at maintenance calories. So, when I shifted into a caloric deficit, all I really needed to do was slightly adjust my carbs and fat, not suddenly try and skyrocket my protein, which makes a drastic lifestyle change. So, before you start blindly following someone else's high protein diet that they gave you that works for them, I would highly recommend going on a little self-exloration for yourself. Just grab a simple food logger and maybe track for 3 to 5 days. See how much protein you kind of average out per day. And then once you have the answer to that question, it makes it so much easier to implement strategy one, which is creating slightly higher protein versions of foods that you already like. When people start eating a high protein diet for the first time, a lot of them will generally swing towards two extremes. first is going to be completely cutting out the foods they actually enjoy, thinking, "Well, I can't have pizza, pasta, burgers, or anything with a high calorie count that primarily comes from carbohydrates or fat. So, they'll just avoid these foods completely and find themselves thinking back on the good old days." Or the other extreme is they'll make versions of the foods that they enjoy, but they are extremely high protein and low calorie versions. So suddenly the burger bun becomes lettuce, pizza dough is swapped for cauliflower or ground chicken, cottage cheese gets added to everything, or you start buying chalky protein desserts. And sure, both of these options are going to help you eat a higher protein diet, but personally, I don't find these enjoyable. I want my meals to still feel like real meals. I want to be able to eat burritos, fried rice, or dishes that I just may get in the mood for. I want my pizza to have bread. I want my burger to have a bun. And this is why one of the best skills that I've learned over the years is how to make slightly higher protein versions of foods that I already like. And I've shown this on the channel so many times. For example, I have this dialedin 500 calorie double smash burger made with 93 ground beef and a normal bun and cheese. I've made Chipotle style burritos where instead of loading it with a bunch of rice, I increase the amount of seasoned chicken. There's still plenty of cheese, salsas, and sour cream. I've made butter chicken where I still use some butter, but I'm not drowning it in butter. And I've made a higher protein, roughly 600 calorie pizza that is still made with those. And in all of these cases, I'm making ingredient tweaks to the carbohydrates and fat amounts that in turn bump up the protein content by anywhere from 10 to 25 g. And if you do that twice a day or a few times a week, you can easily start to get 20 to 50 g more per day. And to me, this is just a way more enjoyable way to go about life rather than trying to get rid of foods I already like or just making ultra ultra high protein versions that don't really taste much like the original. And I'll leave a link to a whole collection of recipes that I've used throughout the years if you want to look for some inspiration. And strategy 1 is such a great starting point for eating higher protein. But here's the problem. If this is the only way that you approach eating a higher protein diet, you're likely going to run into three challenges. First, your grocery bill can still stay fairly high. Sure, it's going to be cheaper than buying a bunch of protein bars and protein ice creams, but you're still buying specialty ingredients for each individual recipe. And because of this challenge two, you end up with a lot of random leftover ingredients. It could be a bag of onions, a few burger buns, a chunk of cheese, or a sauce you bought for one recipe but never use again. And lastly, you become recipe reliant. So even though you have these leftovers, it's hard to figure out what to do with them. So to combat this, we are going to use strategy one alongside strategy 2, which is flexible protein prep. And with flexible protein prep, we're no longer making contained recipes. We are prepping protein options that can be used for a variety of different meals. I've broken this down in a few different videos of mine, such as how to cook healthy meals and never run out of ideas, how to meal prep if you hate meal prepping, and how to turn chicken breast into infinite meals. And there are a couple of variations here and there, but the core idea is always the same. One, start with a protein. Could be chicken breast, ground beef, chuck roast, tofu, fish, whatever you like. Two, season that protein in a variety of ways. You could keep the base neutral, add some different spices, marinades, spice blends, whatever you want. Three, apply that seasoned protein to different form factors. So the same protein can go into a salad, a sandwich, a rice bowl, pasta, tacos, literally anything. And lastly, finish it with condiments and toppings. Sauces, herbs, crunchy things, all give each meal a totally different vibe without any extra effort. So instead of thinking in purely recipes, you're starting to think more into modular meal building blocks. And this leads to a lot of benefits. For example, you'll amortize your time and effort. So, you only do the hard and generally most time-consuming part once, which is going to be cooking the protein. But this time and effort carries you through multiple meals. And the big difference between what I'll call formal meal prep, where you kind of just make the same meal for the whole week, is that this method forces you to be creative and increase your food variety. Since you're starting with some kind of protein base, it leaves you room to naturally experiment with the leftover ingredients you may have from using strategy one, like that half of onion, jar of sauce, or a few burger buns. And instead of just listing off a bunch of examples, I'll recommend that you go check out the video where I didn't cut anything. I basically just showed how I start with two chicken breasts, but then turn them into drastically different meals. And again, strategy one and two are great on their own, but they're definitely still more geared to maybe helping you eat high protein for a day or maybe a couple of days at most. But the way to make all of these strategies sustainable over the long term is to pair them with strategy three, the high protein grocery loop. And here's why. Grocery shopping is kind of the invisible force that shapes how we eat. I mean, if you don't have food in the house, you're either stuck making a last minute run to the store for more cottage, cheese, protein, snacks, or you're just going to order some takeout. And if every grocery trip feels like you're starting from scratch with a completely new list, it's going to feel overwhelming, random, and inconsistent. And the grocery loop aims to break that cycle. It's how you build momentum over time. And the key to understand here is that your grocery shopping is not going to look perfect in week one, but over month one, month two, and over several years, this system will build and compound, and your grocery shopping will get easier over time. And here's how it works. So, step one when you start to put your grocery list together is to anchor it with general high protein staples. So, this could be one or two proteins you like, a couple of versatile produce options, a couple of dairy, pantry or spices or sauces. And these are the ingredients that are going to help facilitate flexible protein prep. Then, step two is to find one or two specific slightly higher protein recipes you can make this week. And these are from strategy one. Maybe it's the high protein smash burger and some brazed beef tacos. And you'll likely find that you already have some of those ingredients listed from step one. then you just need to fill in the gaps. So once you have the list together, you run to the store, cook the specific meals, do your flexible protein prep, and then you'll use up some of those leftover staples and recipe ingredients. And here's where the loop part comes in, because whatever is left from that initial run that you got can become the starting point for next week's list and meals. Maybe now you have some onions left, there's a bottle of olive oil that's almost used up, or there's a sauce you didn't finish in the fridge. And these leftover pieces naturally are going to inspire your shopping list and next meal idea. So you're never starting from zero. Each grocery trip gets easier, more consistent, and more tailored to how you actually eat. And over time, your kitchen naturally kind of fills up with the right kinds of food, the stuff that makes eating high protein simple and automatic. And I don't think of this as like a one-time high protein grocery haul that is forcing me to stick to this very rigid meal plan. It's an ongoing loop, but ultimately it's an imperfect one. For example, maybe I had chicken breast written down, but thighs were on sale, or I have a bunch of cilantro left from last week, so I decide to make a corn salsa this week. Or maybe some weeks I just find a new hot sauce or sauce to try. And the idea is you're creating a system while slowly building habits that support higher protein eating in the long term. And I've been thinking about doing a dedicated video around this idea of the grocery loop because I've started to realize that grocery shopping effectively really is a skill, but it's one that none of us really talk about or teach how to do it because it looks so different for so many different people. The tricky part with filming that type of video, though, is I need to kind of film everything I'm doing, not just for one week, but really multiple weeks in a row so I can show how that loop builds over time. I want to figure out a way to do I just need to find like a full month where I can kind of block off and dedicate towards that type of project. Now, we'll save that idea and video for another day. But for now, to round out this video, remember if you use all of these three strategies together and keep those three key questions I asked earlier in mind, you should be able to learn how to eat high protein not just for a couple of days or a couple of months, but in a way that is less expensive, more enjoyable, and most importantly, sustainable for the next 5, 10, 20, or 30 years. But anyway, there will be a bunch of links down below that you can use for inspiration. And thank you again to Graza for sponsoring this episode. But that will wrap it up for me in this one. I will catch you all in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Belong-x1o: My husband and I are in our 70s and we've been told to eat high protein/high fiber diet.  I put beans and mushrooms (or mushroom powder) in almost everything.  I make a lot of noodle bowls, assorted burrito/taco styles and lots of stews and vary the protein and spices. I use cottage cheese in soups.  My husband didn't like the idea but he is eating and says he is enjoying.  Love listening to ideas so I can increase variety.
  2. @mirisoji8406: Note to self: 8:55
  3. @blessedbeauty3256: Hi I'm a new subscriber.  I stumbled upon your channel by searching for high protein.  Anyways I love the title and I love the idea of saving money while still eating protein.  However, I do have a question or two for you.  Does this pertain to people who are diabetic and are in insulin resistance?  Does this pertain to persons who are on glp-1's like mounjaro?  Because I'm all the above and I also need to lose weight so I'm wondering can I still have a bun on my hamburger and not raise my blood sugar can I still have a wrap and not raise my blood sugar so far I have found it not to be true because even though I have increased my protein I have found that some things raised my blood sugar higher than others and so what I found is I have to eat zero carb low carb tortillas the keto bread etcetera so but if I could go back to eating regular foods that would save me a lot of money.  So can you tell me how?
  4. @the1337fleet: I like the strategy of boosting protein for already-favorite foods (10:16)
  5. @christianc8256: Hispanic here, cooking the tortilla won’t remove any grams of protein
  6. @erinnshea3529: Ethan buddy, I can't adequately describe my gratitude at the way you break shit down. Like, this is a huge deal for me, teaching someone how to understand the systems at play and how they can or should work for your body ❤❤❤
  7. @ovictoriapetrenko105: Wow! This video is what I needed! seriously!
  8. @EphemeralProductions: Great info! Thanks so much dear sir! 😊☺️🥰
  9. @LRDSJX: .73g per pound or 1.6g per KG (needed protein)
  10. @kappiik: man your food looks out of the world in every video 🙌
  11. @User-mr5lm: Stopped it at the oil ad. I have to watch unskippable YouTube ads before and in the middle, and I an not watching ads placed into the actual video on top of the others. Looked promising, but not subscribing or finishing.
  12. @CharlesJones-bu5hk: I lost  120 pounds just eating small meals all day keeping satisfied. I also became an avid runner. I stopped running stopped small meals and 35 pounds came back. Long story short, I’m back running and back eating small meals . Now, I kept that weight off for 15 years. I have seen every diet scam there is and fell victim through trial and error.  I will be paying close attention to this new High Protein trend as well. I’m down 15 pounds since I started back. I’m also 58.
  13. @Human_meat_eater: skip the first 14 minute of the video to get to the main point
  14. @melissanewman1429: You're doing the Lord's work here. Thank you so much!!
  15. @YupItsShadow99: i believe i can do this.
  16. @Chef_Zach: Flexible protein prep is an absolute game changer! I implemented this over the past year and it’s such an amazing hack! I’ve have to eat between 180-200g of protein because of my body size and my weightloss goals and this has been huge! Love all of the tips you provided!
  17. @bakon321: Looool, I like the “stock photos” and “AI slop” style clips he has of him actually doing those things. Nice touch man. Really funny
  18. @djtwister6997: Hey I’m 233 and I want to be 180 similar to you!
  19. @Oalmax: MAJOR difference between 1 g per KG and 1 g per lb.
  20. @sarahlangdon1965: I started watching because I have to be really careful with carbs (GI specialist diet) but this 8:44 seems just like you’re cutting protein and increasing carbs. I’m only allowed around 20g carbs from non fodmap foods.

- 10 Things I WISH I Knew Before Eating A High Protein Diet… [High Protein Diet For Weight Loss]: Kind: captions Language: en protein is one of the most effective tools for fat loss for weight loss for longevity maintaining healthy muscle maintaining bone mass and I definitely didn't always eat enough protein to see those benefits but now that I am eating enough protein there are 10 things that I wish I knew before I started eating a higher protein diet that would have made my life and wellness goals and weight loss goals so much easier let's dive into it my name is Autumn I'm a certified clinical nutritionist with my Master's nutrition Human Performance and that first thing is that eating a higher protein diet is not just for bodybuilders a lot of women myself included tended to shy away from a higher protein intake or even just getting enough protein in general because there's this idea that higher protein is really only needed for bodybuilders or that you're going to get bulky if you eat too much protein but boy is this wrong women especially should really be focusing on high quality protein sources because it helps to maintain the metabolism so the metabolism doesn't go down helps to maintain muscle mass and toning and it helps to protect from bone loss ultimately helping to protect from osteoporosis and to hop it all off eating of protein is one of the easiest ways to completely get rid of a sugar tooth this was one of the main tools that I did to help get rid of my sugar addiction and it is crazy how effective it is okay the second thing I wish I knew is that you can't get enough protein just from eating a very diet there's this myth going around that you can get enough protein from pretty much all different sources of food and I definitely fell into the camp of believing this because this is something that even in nutrition school for my undergrad they still talked about and maybe this is the case if you're in the habit of eating high quality protein rich foods like grap yogurt eggs chicken beef but if you're not our environment is so full of Highly processed carbohydrates and so low in protein that it can be really easy to overlook carbs and especially processed carbs dominate most people's meals with wheat corn rice oatmeal and even if you're following a higher fat diet or a keto diet it's also easy to just fill up on fats before you ever get enough protein eating enough protein to actually see the weight loss and health benefits of it really requires constructing your meals around a high quality protein Source not adding it in as an afterthought or not just assuming you can get it from any type of food the third thing I wish I knew is that it's literally the most effective tool for weight loss but specifically for fat loss studies comparing high protein diets to typical calorie restriction and even intermittent fasting have found that it is the best for helping achieve a fat loss and weight loss goal while also maintaining muscle mass and therefore metabolism and eating higher protein intake helps make you feel full and satisfied so achieving your goals is so much easier this is why I never recommend using the typical Cal restriction approach but instead pairing strategies like eating high quality protein with intermittent fasting to really double down on the benefits in fact you can check out what I eat a day of intermittent fasting with higher protein intake I'll have that video linked right up here okay the fourth thing I wish I knew is to not use the scale to measure progress using the scale can be such a frustrating and inacurate experience because the scale only measures your total mass it doesn't tell you if you've lost muscle if you've lost fat or even if you've lost bone and I recently experienced this during my postpartum weight loss journey I had a scale at home that I would use just to kind of like touch in on my progress but I would also get about once every 6 weeks an inbody D which measures your body fat and muscle mass I was also taking measurements to help keep track of my body composition and there's a period of time especially early on when I was losing a lot of inches and therefore a lot of body fat but the scale literally didn't move this is because eating a higher protein intake helps you hold on to muscle mass or even slightly increase it while losing body fat so it could look like a net zero loss on the scale which can just absolutely mess with your mind instead it's important to measure what actually matters which is changes in muscle mass and and fat Mass this is where using a tape measure or if you have access to a body fat and muscle mass scanner like an inbody at the gym are so much better okay the fifth thing I wish I knew is that the protein in those calorie tracker apps don't really count now if you're someone who likes to track their food watch out for the protein listed on your app it's super deceiving because the apps only account for total protein not protein quality and quality really matters if you want to see body recomposition results there's a study that compared a vegetarian diet and an omnivorous diet both were eating the same amount of total protein but those eating a more omnivorous diet had higher muscle mass than those eating a vegetarian diet even though they're eating the same exact amount of protein now it doesn't mean that you can't be plant-based or vegetarian and see great results but it's important that you really pay attention to the quality which I have a full blog post if you want to check that out I will have it linked down description below it's a great resource to help you navigate through the best sources of protein regardless of which proteins that you prefer okay the sixth thing I wish I knew is that it's actually kind of hard to eat eat that much protein this shocked me when I first started to really pay attention to my protein intake because as I was trying to aim for a certain amount of protein that was significantly higher than what I was eating before I was getting so full and So Satisfied that it sometimes made it hard to actually eat all the protein I needed I found this with a lot of my clients too especially if you're used to just typical calorie restriction and feeling that kind of constant sense of hunger it can feel really strange to feel satisfied from your meal and still achieving your results like it feels like you should be hungry in order to achieve your results but in reality protein just makes you So Satisfied and when you eat enough of it you're just not even hungry okay the seven thing I wish I knew is that protein must be split evenly it's been found that about 30 gram of protein is needed to help stimulate muscle protein synthesis which really just means new muscle growth and to stop muscle breakdown or muscle loss with that in mind we want to make sure that all of our meals have about 30 Gams of protein each so that we can see the best Body recomposition Benefits which is also why I'm not a huge fan of intermittent ing protocols like omad which is one meal a day because you're eating all of your protein needs within that 1 hour period which can make it really easy to underere on protein because it is so satiating but you're also likely not going to get those same muscle protection benefits as splitting it up between three meals I personally follow an intermittent fasting protocol of about 14 to 15 hours so that I can allow for three meals within my eating window okay the eth thing I wish I knew is just exactly how much protein I really needed everyone's needs are so different depending on their goals and their health history and even each person's protein needs can change over time especially when you factor in things like fitness goals where that can increase your protein needs or simply being 50 or older which can dramatically increase our protein needs by about 25% A good rule thumb for most people is to multiply their current weight in pounds by 73 to find out how much protein they need some people like if you're an athlete or if you're over the age of 50 or 60 might need more but this is a good place to start and if you measure your weight in kilogram you can multiply that by 1.6 okay the ninth thing I wish I knew is that the right protein powder makes hitting your needs so much easier I prioritize eating my protein from high quality whole food sources and then I strategically add in my zero sugar high quality protein powder into meals that I know are usually lower in protein this makes sure that I'm hitting at least that 30 g of protein per meal and it makes it so much more tasty I use my zero sugar protein powder stirred into Greek yogurt or I'll make protein pancakes or chocolate chip protein waffles oh my gosh my favorite lately all even stirred into my grain-free oatmeal or Chia pudding it's just such an easy way to add a solid 20 g of protein into a meal without any sugar plus every bag of my protein powder comes with a free download that contains 10 delicious super simple recipes using my protein powder so if you guys haven't tested out my zero sugar protein powder before I'll have it linked down description below but you can also find it at autum L nutrition.com shop okay the 10th thing I wish I knew is that you need to hit those protein amounts in order to actually see the benefits from exercise I've always exercised I've done a ton of different types of training but I always found it really hard to gain muscle mass and I'm not looking to be Arnold I just wanted a little bit extra toning a couple extra pounds of muscle for the metabolism for the health benefits and honestly just for the toning benefits and it wasn't until I paired my resistance training with eating enough protein that I really actually started to see the benefits from my workouts I'm still working toward those goals but I'm actually seeing progress now and that's because protein is needed to repair muscles after a workout otherwise if you work out and you don't eat enough protein you're just break breaking your muscles down and never allowing it to rebuild now if you want to see what I eat in a day to hit 100 g of protein you can check out this video next also if you're new to my channel and you love the science back information make sure you subscribe right here come out new videos every Tuesday and Thursday all right guys thanks so much tuning in and I'll see you in my next [Music] video

  Top Comments:
  1. @fictitiousnightmares [2 likes]: Hmm, funny how I somehow have lived 55 years without worrying about getting 'enough' protein and I am not only still alive but doing just fine.  But by god a youtuber says I am wrong...smh  Oh and btw, when 9 of your 10 things are "protein" it isn't 10 items.
  2. @CalmVibesVee [1 likes]: When I lower my carbs to 150 and increase my protein to 130 my energy in the gym is very poor. 
I’m still on hunt for energy and satiety in calorie deficit
  3. @Ikke-t4l [1 likes]: The upside Down pyramide 💪💪 Southpark was right again 😂😂
  4. @VFGSP [1 likes]: @autumnbates Can you clarify the amount of protein to consume? In 2 other videos you mentioned that the amount of protein to consume was 0.75g of protein per pound of weight but in this video you mentioned that in fact is 1.2g of protein per pound of weight and for very active people id 1.6g of protein per pound of weight... Which one is correct? Thanks!
  5. @daveatkin7557: Is it unavoidable to get bad wind on a high protein diet?
  6. @cereal9249: It’s make me poop at work
  7. @wowjwalters: I’m liking your video. Your information is solid. The only thing I don’t like is having to eat fish. I can handle a little bit, but I know some people eat fish for breakfast and maybe that’s great for some but for me that it won’t work for me.
  8. @Heiressparis3: How do I do this without clogging my arteries?
  9. @frontoffice9114: I hate the scale!
  10. @crackle6875: Thank you very much!
  11. @barbaragibson4488: Hard to follow, talks too fast
  12. @joanc551: i wish i knew that a high protein diet causes the trains to get stacked up at the station-- no one talks about this but it's a thing at the beginning, I dont notice it as much now because Ive consciously added fiber  and foods to counteract
  13. @readytobeready4600: Were you previously raw vegan or high carb low fat? Wondering why you're so familiar to me.
  14. @Jen84601: I have psoriasis and and I'm thinking about doing the autoimmune protocol diet which pretty much eliminates all the protein that I've been eating and drinking so now I don't know what to do I really thought the protein powder that I was drinking was really good for me it has 50 superfoods however it has wire gum and xanthan gum and has vegetables that are to be eliminated and almonds are are a nut I have to eliminate so an eggs and dairy so how the heck can I get 90 g of protein a day and I don't like fish lol and especially for breakfast hahaha
  15. @JakobA.Nielsen: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman's weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  16. @ArriwProse: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman's weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  17. @WilliamE.Vestergaard: If you’re struggling with weight loss, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth is the book you need. It’s amazing
  18. @AmandaW.Schultz: Best thing I ever did was reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, after applying the knowledge I got from the book I feel like the cellulite is magically disappearing from my body
  19. @MaggidaTubbs: The fact that nobody talks about the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, speaks volumes about how people are stuck in a trance
  20. @ГалинаКузнецо: The insights in Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth blew my mind! I’ve tried so many different things, but this book gave me real, actionable steps to see results. Highly recommend!

- ASIAN MEAL PREP IDEAS | healthy, high protein, affordable recipes for a busy gworl living alone: Kind: captions Language: en Is it really possible to eat well, take care of yourself, all in a busy week? Yes. If they told you no, they're still thinking inside the box. Let's still think inside the box, but that of a bento box. I'm going to prove to you guys that it can be done in this week's meal prep that's inspired by Vietnamese flavors. Me, Korean, Japanese, and Thai flavors. Flavors that you really can't get sick of. Not biased at all. And I think I'm gonna call this the busy bento blueprint because nothing is better than alliteration and the variety and perfectly proportioned pieces. Dishes. Perfectly proportioned dishes that a bento box beholds. Peter Piper pickup per the BBB if you will. Not to be confused with the BBL. I'm looking at you Drake. Welcome to the cozy kitchen you guys. I don't know why I called this the cozy kitchen as if I've already coined it but we're going to go with it. Today's Sunday, and I have a stacked week ahead. It's going to be one of those weeks where I'm not going to have enough time to whip up something super yummy for myself whenever I get hungry. And preferably, I would like to not order takeout or go out every moment I'm hungry. Maybe two to three times realistically in a week is cool, but definitely not every day. Enter the life-changing concept of meal prep. I think he's a really big fan of meal prep, too. Huh, Doy? Do you have anything to say to people about meal prep? Well said. You know, I like to think of these moments, these days where I dedicate to cooking as like little taste experiments or like little efficacious data collection. Okay, he wants down. In my mind, it's basically R&D for when I have little humans running around that I have to feed for and a family that I get to cook for. It for sure brings me a little bit more excitement and like oomph, little zest for life. I'm in this preparation room learning to take care of myself. So, I've broken this down into four categories or else I it gets like mumbly jumbly up here and then I just end up in like a freeze state, never meal prepping. So, do not fret my little precious pumpkin baby kabochas. Is that redundant? It is. I don't care. It sounds cute. You guys are basically I'm saying you're cute, so just accept it. But in the description below, I will break down a grocery list for you and the recipes. So, yes, you can go ahead and unfurl those cute little eyebrows of yours. Everything's taken care of. You just got to because if I can do it, you can, too. Enough of me yapping. Let's get started. Also, I'm going to put away this microphone because I need both of my hands. So, if at any moment you cannot hear me, we'll we'll figure it out together. Okay, I'm going to make this really corny because I want to. So, don't mind these transitions. Okay. Yeah. So, step one, starches. There we go. I've preheated my oven to 425 cuz we're going to do sweet potatoes this week. And then of course rice cuz have you seen me? Listen, if there was a week where I didn't have rice, my ancestors would be sending blasphemous thoughts down to me. Okay, I love the nishiki rice. The short grain one, I think it's short grain. Short grain, medium grain. Long grain is different for me if I'm doing more like Middle Eastern type of dishes. Wash your rice like your life depends on it till the water runs clear and we'll be good. There will be no drama between us. Thank you. We have our rice going and I'm going to get started on these cutie baby sweet potatoes. I have two kinds this week. I don't know which one's which, but one is Japanese and one is Korean. They are such a great side dish to throw into any bowl, any bento box, I should say. Okay, these are easier. The reason why I like to do starches first is because most of the time they take the longest to cook and it's easy to just kind of set it and forget it. Not don't forget about it, but you know what I mean, right? Versus like frying something. You really got to keep an eye on it. Sweet potatoes are properly diced to my liking. And let's start seasoning it. I'm just going to drizzle some olive oil on the sweet potatoes. The spatula has a dragon on it. Let's be on our best behavior, ladies and gentlemen. I'm just going in and tossing. You know what? Let's not be on our best behavior. I'm using my hands with gloves. Let's not be on our best behavior for just a second. I'm going to get down and dirty. Get down and dirty. My hands are sweaty cuz it's hot in here, but I can't turn on the AC or else you wouldn't be able to hear anything I'm saying. hands in the sweet potatoes. I might even add some more olive oil. Olive oil truly a gift from the Greek gods or the Romans who had it first. Have you guys ever had ice cream with olive oil and maldon salt? What are we working with here today? We are working with some garlic powder obviously. Some onion powder, paprikas, paprika. Oo, I just watched that movie the other day. Satoshi iconic. Some cinnamon. Yeah, I know. Weird. Doy thinks it's weird. I thought it was weird at first, too. About to get weirder because we're going to put some brown sugar. Brown sugar, babe. Just like D'Angelo said. Oh my gosh. Salt and pepper. My bad, guys. These black gloves look kind of spooky. I'm sorry. They're going to come off real soon. Spooky. I'm going to add some more paprika. I love the smell of Oh, perhaps I added too much, but it's okay. I'm eating this. Don't add as much as I do. But I'll leave measurements down below. If you don't feel comfortable with eyeballing, I totally get it. But if you take risks, things happen. I personally can't get enough of paprika, so it's all good. You're going to need a tray, some parchment paper, and then just spread them. Just spread them. Spread them across the sheet like you mean it. I'm going to pop these into the oven for 30 to 35 minutes. That's it. 425°, by the way. Step two, veggies. I'm going to start off with actually fruit and veggies. One of my best investments was a juicer. Now that I have a juicer and I'm out and about and I'm about to pay upwards of like $12 for a juice, I honestly feel naked and taken advantage of. So, get a juicer. It might change your perspective on some things like aesthetic juice bars. I've been doing some chopping. You can see here the culprit beets have stained my hands. Don't be like me. Wear some gloves. For today's juices, I have a variety of fruits and veggies that are kind of going bad in my fridge. And so the juicer comes in handy once more. All of my veggies aren't wilting into death. Sometimes I do get a little excited about the grocery store and get one too many veggies that I can't finish in a week or get to preparing for the week. So, we're going to take care of that today. It's going to get really loud, so I'm going to put some like elevator music over this. The sound reminds me of the ticket eater at Chuck-E-Cheese. If the camera is moving, it's because Doy is playing with the tripod. He just really loves you guys. [Music] I have these glass bottles that I'll be filling up. All right, the first juice is ready to go. We're going to make one of my favorite juice recipes, which is with beets, carrots, oranges, ginger, and I guess lemon. I had enough for four full juices, which is pretty good considering these were kind of like leftover fruits and veggies. Let me move you to this side. Green juice. That looks cool. Wo, these look like magical potions. Hi guys. Future me and Dosey coming in. Little crazy boy. I forgot something. I got too excited during meal prep day and I forgot a few veggies. I almost always have cabbage floating around somewhere in my life. I'm blanching cabbage and one thing that I also forgot to do while blanching the other veggies is putting in oil and a bit of salt into the water. Another thing that I did was slice my red onions and soak them. So, those are ready for salads and garnishing anything that I want throughout the week. Okay, now that the veggies are all taken care of, my laundry has been piling up, you guys, and I do not have the extra 3 or 4 hours to spare this week to do it because I'm going to be honest with you guys, and I feel like there are people out there who can relate to me. It is a miracle when I wash my laundry and fold it and put it away in one day. Most of the time, they kind of just sit there for at least one business day and then I like gather up the time to fold and then put things away. If that sounds like you, too, boy oh boy, do I have the solution for you. So, I called up my Rinse family to help me with my laundry this week. Rinse is this really cool and convenient and simple laundry and dry cleaning service that's available to you 7 days a week. And you can schedule pickups same day, which is what I did. Oh my gosh, you guys. This is all my dirty laundry this week. Okay, successfully transferred. I think Doy really likes Rinsees bags. They're on their way to pick this up. Yay. They make it super easy and they're very communicative. Everything is through the rinse app and I was getting every update I needed via text and they were so just caring. Like this is humanto human stuff. Just so personable. Even when they came to pick up, Steven was so great. And then when they dropped off, which I got last night, by the way, tada. I present to you my clean laundry. That literally just saved me a couple of hours this week. I love that they give you different options. There's different detergent options. Also, you don't have to meet up with your valet person if you're not home. So, you can like toggle it on and off on the app. I do have a few events this week that I need dry cleaning for. So, I think I'm going to try that one next. But, if you guys find yourself in a time crunch and you like clean laundry and you like saving time, you guys can give Rinse a try by scanning my QR code here. And of course, I have a link for you guys. I'll leave in the description box because what kind of YouTuber would I be if I didn't have a link in the description box for you. If you're a new customer, you'll get $25 off and your fees waved for your first order by using my link. With that said, thank you so much to Rinse for giving me a couple of hours back this week and for clean laundry and sponsoring this portion of the video. Honestly, life hack, you guys. Starting off the week with clean laundry, you're unstoppable. Sunday it got picked up, Monday got delivered. For this week, I have some cantaloupe and strawberries. So, let's get to soaking the strawberries. Actually, they're very dirty. Dirty danty. We have some water. And I'm going to grab some baking soda in the strawberries. Go. Baking soda. Baking soda. I got baking soda. Strawberry bath time. Oh, I wish I got some blueberries this week. All right, guys. Have a good bath time. We'll be back in a few minutes. I ate the other half of this, by the way, if you couldn't tell. It's definitely cantaloupe season, so if you guys can get your hands on some, do so. Let's get one thing straight before we continue on with this video and other videos of me cooking. I'm not a professionally trained chef. So, whatever technique you guys see me using, that's something I probably saw growing up or in other cooking videos or whatever makes sense in my noggin. If to you it doesn't look correct, just we're going to move forward. Yeah, I don't know the correct way of cutting a melon, I just flip it down onto a flat surface and then I start skinning it. Actually, I learned how to do this while working at the boba shop in high school, and we had to like make watermelon shaped ice, and I just kind of kept that technique. Melon. Ooh, melona. Oh my gosh, what if I tried to make melona popsicle bars at home? That makes me excited. DIY ice cream desserts. DIY desserts. Ooh, I think I go get some dessert this weekend. Do you guys have a favorite dessert? Let me know. And then I just go and dice it. I feel like my method is is all right. I'm sure there are better ones. I love a bald melon. I will say, but I don't have the patience today. You know what? I want to be cute. Look what I have. I have a little Sakura cookie cutter thing. It's kawaii as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What I'm going to do since I'm feeling crazy, I'm going to cut out little flowers for myself because, you know, I love myself. So, I'm going to cut out little fruit flowers. See, nail meal prep doesn't have to be such a grueling task when you have little cutouts like this. And look at that. I have a little treat for myself right now. Let's keep going. Wow. This is so cute. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Our cantaloupe flowers are done. I just rinsed my strawberries and I'm thinking, do I have the patience to cut out the strawberries? Like flowers? I don't know, Doy. I don't know if I do. I'm going to cut it into hearts, which is easier. Some for you. Some for you. Some for you. I feel like I can add in one more. Also, our sweet potatoes are done. I've been kind of nibbling on them here and there, but let's put those away. I ended up roasting these for a total of 45 minutes. Voila. Now, we're going to make some of my favorite side dishes for the week. I have some washed baby bok choy. I have some spinach and broccoli. And they're all going to go into one pot because we're just going to blanch them. And I have a pot going off the stem. Cruciferous vegetables. What would we do without them? And we'll start off with the veggies that are quickest to blanch, which is the spinach. 30 seconds. That's it. I'm just going to chop up a bunch of garlic since we're going to cook it for our protein, too. So, with a cold spinach dish, I blanched it only for 30 seconds. And then I immediately rinsed it with cold water. And then you want to ring out all this water. Actually, I wish I had a little bit more spinach, but it's all good. With this wad, I'm just gonna cut it in half. Brand new sesame oil. How exciting. This one is shira kikiku. Do like a little swizzle of sesame oil. Take a bit of garlic, fresh garlic into there. Some soy sauce. Roasted sesame seeds. I'm going to chop up some green onions. I'm going to add in a little bit of the Korean red pepper powder. Just a little. Oh, this is just going to get better by the day, you guys. And that's that dish. Now, let's do the bok choy. Okay. In the Tupperware that I'll be storing it in, I did one layer of bok choy. And then I'm going to drizzle over the first layer of sauce into here. Okay, bok choy dish done. All right, guys. It's time to make some dojo. I don't know how I'm supposed to julian this little sliver of a thing. So, you know what? We're not trying to be perfect. We're just trying to have good meals this week. Okay, so we'll figure it out. I'm going to cut this radish in half. I'm probably just going to use half of this radish for today. Cut. Again, I always have a little trash bag in my workstation so that all of these, you know, little shavings and things have a neat place to go. I'm going to cut it in half. And then from here, cut little platforms and then cut it down to little matchixs. Be super careful with this process. And there are mandolins that allow you to julian things. Or you can just use a mandolin and thinly slice these. The whole point is to get things thinly sliced. All right, we've got our little matchixs of carrots and daon in here. And now I'm going to coat this in salt so that water gets pulled out. I'm going to massage in the salt and leave it for 10 15 minutes. You want to wait until the carrots and the daicon don't break when you bend it. Okay, I'm going to set that aside 15 minutes and I'm going to make the pickling juice. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that our broccoli is complete. So, I'm going to store that away. This is really just like the little refresher that I have, an equalizer, if you will. So, there's not really much flavor on here, but you are welcome to sprinkle a bit of salt and pepper and garlic powder if you want, or if you have like a sauce you like to dip it in. I'm going to wash some lettuce and just greens, fresh greens for the week. I have our washed veggies here. I have a bit of cilantro for the week randomly. And then I have my romaine lettuce and little gem cups or what I have left of last week. The key thing is wet paper towel. Wet paper towel. And this week I'm using Ziploc bags. I'm going to lay down a paper towel. In the veggies go. Take another paper towel. Slide that baby there. It's like a paper towel sandwich. I'm just going to leave it open ever so slightly. Sometimes it revives it. It's pretty miraculous what a little wet paper towel can do for you and your veggies. Like to spread it out a little towel. These go in the fridge. Let's take a look at our daon and carrots. You guys see all that moisture? Now, let's see if it passes the break test. It's passing the test with flying colors. It's ready. Okay, I'm going to drain this. Make sure you rinse it really well or else it's going to be super salty. I'm going to store it in this little baby mason jar that I have. Pack it in there. And I'm going to cover it. Cheers. We've made it to one of my favorite steps. Actually, no, I'm not going to choose favorite child. I love all of them equally. But we've made it to step three, you guys, which is protein. I kept it pretty affordable for myself this week. I'm going with some chicken thighs with bone in. I made a mistake. Get boneless if you can. Of course, we have eggs. Did you think I'd go a week without eggs? Actually, in this economy, I don't even want to talk about it. And then we have some firm tofu, which I've cut up. Let's see. My intuition is saying eggs first. I've shown you guys this device before, but I freaking love it. Cooks my eggs in so many different ways. You can do softboiled, you can do medium, you can do hardboiled, you can do poached. I'm just going to puncture the top of these eggs. Oh gosh, that was totally my fault. I was holding the egg way too tightly. Using the lines on the cup, it'll tell you where to stop filling up water so that you can reach your desired egg style. We're doing medium. Just pour that into the plate. Lemongrass. I'm doing mass for everything right now. Just chopping up a bunch of green onions, lemongrass, garlic. We're going to do an onion. Here's your Vietnamese lesson of the day. Lemongrass in Vietnamese is called sap x a with an accent mark. Who needs an esop candle when you can just chop up lemongrass at home. Um, I already messed up. I bought bone in and with skin, but we're going to roll with it. I think it's going to taste actually better because I love chicken skin. Tenderize it just a little bit on the back of my knife. And then just kind of like chop around the bone so I can get just smaller pieces. I like it when the bone is in actually. Like chicken wings, bone in for sure. Cut up chicken thighs. And I'm going to toss in my sliced onions. Green onions in there. Going to do some minced garlic. We will need soy sauce. I'm using premium dark soy sauce. Sesame oil. Do you guys see a recurring theme here? Going to do some sake. Teeny bit for cooking. Brown sugar. What else I need there? Cracked black pepper is what I need. and then go to town. Mix it in. Oh, this smells insanely good. I just know that this is going to hit. Normally, if I cooked this on a night where I'm eating it, I would have marinated this like morning of or the night before, but since this is meal prep, it'll marinate throughout the week. Okay, let's get to cooking. I'm so excited for my house to smell like grilled onions and soy sauce. Chicken time. All right, I'm not going to disturb the chicken too much. I'm just going to let it do its thing. And then once it gets a little golden brown on that side, and I'll flip them, leave them be. It's time to flip the meat. Chicken thigh is superior, noty. It's a little tight on this pan for four chicken thighs, but we're making it work. You guys, he's so focused. Hi everybody. Voila. Okay, my cutest, sweetest pumpkin pies. Here is our chicken. The sauce is going to work its magic. I just know it. That was so easy. I only needed to give it a quick rinse cuz we're going to use it for the tofu. Dang, I wish you guys could smell this. I'm just going to top it off with some green onions and sesame seeds. I'm just going to let it cool before I put a cap on it. Our little tofus have been draining. This is perfect because the marinade hasn't soaked in it. And I feel like this would be really good with the milk jam, which is what we're going to make next. Mhm. Put this away. I'm going to try a little bit of this itty bitty piece. It's sauce time. And we're going to make it really easy because I'm tired. We're making Vietnamese nook, which is fish sauce, lime, minced garlic, sugar. I personally like to add a little bit of rice vinegar because I like it to be like that. I want it to kind of punch me in the face. Ooh, I'm missing some chili sambal. All right, I have my little whisk. Hot water. This is too much water. It's hot because I need to dissolve sugar. Get some sugar in there. Tiny spatula to get garlic in here. Skipped a step, which is dissolve the sugar. Sugar dissolved. Now, tiny spatula and minced garlic. Okay, I like my mjam super garlicky, like to the point where it looks like garlic is the main component. And there's just some liquids in there. And I'm going to take fish sauce, put some of that in there. Now, I'm going to take some rice vinegar, just a splash sambal. I'm going to cut up this lime. Roll it out for extra juice. I learned that from Zoom Kids. Do you guys remember that show on PBS Kids? Tiny whisk put to action. And now the fun part. Taste it. and see what you need to add. Definitely more fish sauce. I knew I put in too much water. I knew it. More lime. This fish sauce is going to last me a minute. I did it. Absolute perfection. Now, we'll put that bad boy away and we'll call it a day. Thanks for joining me, you guys, on today's adventures of meal prep. Oh my gosh, it fit perfectly in there. Wow, the stars are aligning. And with this done, I'm going to clean up really quick and go to bed. We did that, guys. Before I go, this is the salad dressing I'll be using this week. It's the QP onion dressing. So freaking good. That's it. Super easy. I was going to make a Caesar salad dressing, but that'll be next week. I feel like this is like an Oscar. I'd like to thank the academy and my real ones. You guys, stay curious and stay grounded, and I will see you guys in the next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TammyMai [108 likes]: Leaning into more realistic and healthy meal prep as I'm adulting :') 
lmk if I missed anything in the description! I can answer directly here 🤍

Let's take care of ourselves by having a bit of intentional and fun moments in the kitchen. ily cutie baby kabochas 
xx Tammy
  2. @hotfrapuccino [1 likes]: Dishes are my version of laundry. Laundry I’m fine with. I LOAAAATHEEEEEEE the dishes
  3. @GracePow5060: It’s giving American Mary 4:10
  4. @bel706: i hear Vietnamese i subscribe
  5. @huoluohao: hmmmm baking soda
  6. @-blotches-3365: 3:23 sweet potato
15:10 spinach salad
  7. @ankitgambhir670: 🥢😋👍🏻
  8. @SaraMarquezzz: love this videoooos🎍💟
  9. @kmwpxb_144: Next time, attach the speaker to your clothing under your chin, close to your mouth. ❤
  10. @lizabryan1336: Banchan fr got me into meal prepping
  11. @ty__0.32: I'm testing if I can comment when YouTube is down.
  12. @kayleemcqueeny5935: THANK YOU FOR LEAVEING EVERYTHING IN THE DESCRIPTION GIRL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🙏🙏🙏
  13. @erikaa.3030: Tammy, you have the cutest personality, Well done and I love the words! And I love your perspective about preparing for your future husband and children in taking care of yourself now! Jesus bless you dear!
  14. @HiTiffanyNg: Does the baking soda make your strawberries soggy or softer
  15. @alimbo9436: Busy Bento Blueprint - not only is that aliteration, it's bilabialplosive (the best kind)
  16. @Bayharboursaladseller: You da real meal (not in a creepy way)
  17. @crossf2351: This is a $200 grocery trip.
  18. @Angelikaslife: KITTY IS SOOOO CUTE
  19. @erictech201: Godddd I needdd. 😂
  20. @Magic_Turtle123: I'm new here but this is great, and your little moments of humor are so fun :)

- 1 hour high protein meal prep (for the spring busy girl): Kind: captions Language: en I'm hoping to have all these containers filled with meals for the week in about 1 hour. I guess I've cheated a little bit cuz I've got all my ingredients out here already. We're aiming for roughly an hour and yeah, this is not just like random food we're throwing in containers here. This is all high protein, healthy, balanced, it's affordable. It's perfect portion sizes for women, low calorie. So, I'm very excited for these meals. If you're trying to reach like specific goals, um I will show you at the end of the video how you can personalize it for you. It's so easy to personalize the protein and the calories that you're going to get per day. So, I'll show you that at the end. We are going to get started with these healthy breakfast muffins. They are so quick to make. So, we're going to throw them together. While they're baking in the oven, we're going to prep everything else, including this Cajun chicken that I absolutely love. It's one of my favorite chicken rice meal preps at the moment. So really excited to make that for this week. And yeah, we are making everything. Breakfast, lunch, dinner snacks. So start with these muffins. Just going to grab my blender. Okay, so I'm using oats to make these muffins. It's like one of the easiest ways to make healthy gluten-free muffins. I'm actually blending oats. It's so much It's so much cheaper than buying oat flour. So I always just blend them myself. It's so easy. Oopsie. Takes like 5 seconds. Oat flour. Throw this in a bowl. And then we're going to add everything else. Everything else is 1/8 of a cup of oats, this time not blended, 3/4 of a cup of unsweetened applesauce, one egg or vegan egg replacer, 3 tbsp of melted coconut oil, 2 tbsp of maple syrup, half a teaspoon of cinnamon, half a teaspoon of vanilla, little pinch of nutmeg, a teaspoon of baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon of baking soda, little pinch of salt, mixing everything, and then I'm adding in 1/4 cup of chopped almonds and 1/4 cup of dark chocolate chips. And then the last thing I like to add in about half a cup of strawberry pieces sliced up. We are making strawberry chocolate chip muffins and just one last mix and spooning the batter into some muffin papers. This makes eight muffins. We're just making enough for a few days, but you could always make a bigger batch and then just like freeze extra for breakfast over the next few weeks. And I always like to save a few of the almonds, the chocolate chips, and the strawberry pieces just to get on the top just so it looks nice after baking. Okay, so these are going to bake like 20 to 25 minutes. I'm just going to pop them in the oven, but I just thought I'd mention quickly this whole week of meal prep we're making is from my new book, Meal Prep for the Can't say the name now. Meal prep for the Busy Go. Um, it's 12 weeks of meal prep. We are making spring week three right now. One of my favorites. I mean, I I like all of them, but it's a good week. Starts on page 188. Um, if you want to follow along, if you have the book already, I'm going to show you everything in this video, though. So, if you don't have it, don't worry. I'm going to make the grocery shopping list from this week available as a free download. I'm going to link that below on my blog. You can get it as a free download. Um, yes. Let's get these in the oven. 360° F, roughly 180 C. Now that those in the oven, we are going to make some smoothies quickly. some protein smoothies for snacks. These are not just any protein smoothies. These are the blackberries. Blackberry protein smoothies. Very, very good. Starting this with three cups of plain yogurt. Either unsweetened soy or non-fat dairy yogurt works cuz they're both like higher in protein. Want the protein. Then two scoops of vanilla protein powder, whichever one you like. It doesn't really matter. Three cups of frozen blackberries. And you can obviously use other berries like mixed berries if you can't get the blackberries. A little bit of maple syrup only if you need it. It will already be quite sweet from the berries and the protein powder. And just giving it a blend. And you can either use half a cup of water or like a cup of ice just to make it a little bit more liquidy. Just sifting into my bottles. I absolutely love the color of these. Such a good color. Snacks are done. I just need to get these in the fridge. Breakfasts are done basically. And so all we have to do now is lunches and dinners. I'm going to make these at the same time because it's just going to go much faster if we do them together. They're like easy to do together. So, let me just get these in the fridge. Okay, so we are getting a few things on the stove here. I've got some water boiling. Was boiling. It will be boiling again soon. Got some water boiling for some eggs we're going to make. If you don't want to have eggs, you can just skip this because you can use chickpeas as well in the bowl we're going to make. They're both really nice in the bowl. Um, apart from that, we are getting some quinoa and some rice on the stove. So, just going to cook all the stove things quickly together. I have got 2/3 of a cup of washed white basmi rice here. Have I used all my cups already? Okay, we are doing 1 and 1/2 cups of water with that hot water. This guy over here. And then I've also got 2/3 of a cup of quinoa that I've washed with 1 and 1/3 of a cup water. We are using eight eggs. And if you spoon them in, they they're less likely to break. The eggs will cook for like 10 minutes and the rice and quinoa will cook for about 15. So, while they're cooking, I want to get all the other things ready for these honey mustard protein bowls we're making. I've washed one head of Roma here. Just chopping it up. Also got some radishes. I only need like four for these. I just love the way these look. Don't they look so cute? Oh my gosh. Just cutting the tops and the ends off. And slicing into pieces. Now, you can either use a shallot or a quarter of a red onion. I actually usually use shallot for this, but the the flavor is like less intense, but I forgot when I was at the store yesterday anyway. So, we're just using onion. Love these spring colors. Okay, now making this amazing honey mustard dressing. Absolutely love this. Very simple. 3 tbsps of olive oil, a tablespoon of honey. You could also use maple syrup if you want to make this vegan. A tablespoon of dijon mustard. About 3 tbsp of lemon juice. I'm just squeezing it into my hand to catch the seeds. And then some salt and pepper. Just giving it a quick mix. And serving into these little sauce containers. These are about 2 oz in size, just in in case you want to know. And the dressing is done. The quinoa and the eggs are also ready. So, just peeling these eggs. I mean, this is probably the longest part of making this whole bowl. So, if you have one of those things that like peels the eggs for you, you're going to save a lot of time on this. You can also sub this for two cups of canned chickpeas if you wanted to make this vegan as I said earlier. Okay, finally done. Let's get these bowls together. So just dividing the quinoa between four containers. The chopped remain. It's best to just let this dry properly before you put it in by the way. The chopped onion, radish slices. Just having these eggs and adding two to each container. And they each get a dressing. They also each get some feta. You can use vegan feta or you can use Greek feta. About 100 g. The Greek feta is going to have a lot more protein though. And what we're doing here is we're stacking the protein in these bowls. The quinoa, the eggs, the feta, a little bit of salt and pepper on top. If you need your meal prep to look just a little bit more gourmet, just add some pepper on top. Okay, so these are done. Just putting them aside quickly to cool down. And perfect timing because these muffins are ready. Oh gosh, that looks so good. Okay, so I'm actually putting these on this tray here just to cool down a bit as well. They're quite hot. I don't think you can actually see the steam here on camera, but these are steamy and hot. Very, very hot. So, while these are cooling down, we're just going to put together the cilantro lime rice. The rice is ready. So, that is perfect. We need 2 tbsp of olive oil. Just over the rice. We need a lime. I'm just zesting this with a small grater. And this might seem like an unimportant step, but trust me, this is going to make this rice absolutely incredible. We want like roughly 2 tsp of zest. So just get as much as you can. That's perfect. Then got to get the juice from this lime too. Want like 2 tbsp of juice if your lime will allow it. This is like the driest lime of all time. Okay, this one's better. Now chopping some cilantro. I want like half a cup. It doesn't matter if it's a little bit extra. Just get it in there. This is definitely a little bit of extra. And two spring onions sliced up. Okay, some quick finishing touches. We're basically done here. A/4 teaspoon of chili flakes. If you want them, you can leave them out, but it's very good with them. And some salt and pepper. And just mixing it up and it's ready. So, we are so close to being done. So, so so, so close. Just washing these peppers and dropping these peppers and slicing them up. I like a mix of different colors for this. Really like a different mix. Green, red, yellow, and then the rest of that purple onion from earlier. long thin strips for everything. Okay. And then the last thing to prepare before we can cook all of this is just the Cajun chicken spice mix. Two teaspoons of paprika. A teaspoon of onion powder. Half a teaspoon of chili powder or way more if you're bad at measuring. Half a teaspoon of cayenne pepper. Half teaspoon of chili flakes. 1 tsp of oregano. 1 tsp of thyme. Some salt. Some pepper. Give it a mix with a coffee stirer if you're running out of spoons. Okay. And then got about 1 and 12 lbs of chicken tenders here. Just coating them in the spice mix. Tossing coating some more. And you can use chicken breast meat cut into strips here if you don't have the tenders. Or you can use like 800 g of firm firm tofu. Um just press it first and cut it into squares. Okay, this is nicely coated. It's looking good. So, time to cook. Just getting a pan heated here to medium high with a tablespoon of oil and getting the chicken cooking first. Got to get it Got to do it first. So, what I like to do is get all the pieces in the pan so they all touching the bottom. This just really helps to cook them evenly so you won't have like overcooked chicken and undercooked chicken, you know, we don't want that. I just give it like 5 minutes. And then after 5 minutes, I turn all the pieces and give them like another 2 minutes on the second side. And yeah, the I mean that's done then. So just get them all in a bowl. Don't want to overcook it. And adding another half a tablespoon of oil with the peppers, the onion. Get that all in there. And I just toss these around for like 5 minutes. It's really, really simple. And then add the chicken right back in. Add the chicken back in. Get it all tossed together. That looks so so so so so delicious. That is ready. Everything's ready. So, serving the cilantro lass first between four containers and the star of the show, the Cajun chicken. Absolutely incredible. Oh my gosh. Just what I'm trying to do here is trying to get the chicken evenly divided. Sometimes when I meal prep, I end up with like all the chicken in one container and like all the vegetables in in another container. So, and then I have to like go back and redivide. Anyway, so I'm just trying to get these somewhat even. Yeah, just checking over there. That looks good. So, that is done. What a dinner. Here's a juicy closeup for you. Can you see the steam? Oh my gosh, that is juicy and fresh and delicious. So, very, very, very last thing to do is just pack away these muffins. They've cooled down a bit. And when I was making them, I couldn't decide if I wanted chocolate or strawberry, so I just went with both. So, each container gets two muffins. Each breakfast gets two muffins. And then I'm actually just adding some almond butter that I can have on the side, putting it in little containers as well. Just doing like a tablespoon for each. Um, sometimes I cut the muffin in half, just put it in the middle, sometimes I have it on top, or just eat it on the side with a spoon. I like that. And just getting the lids on everything quick. Okay, so that is everything done. Oh my gosh, so many good meals. I'm looking forward to everything. Absolutely everything. Especially this Cajun chicken, that is such a good dinner. I'm probably going to have this for dinner tonight. In fact, I will I will be having this for dinner tonight. This um I will just say this salad bowl we made. It kind of like looks like the most boring thing we made, but do not underestimate this honey mustard dressing. It is incredible. I like to just drizzle it on, toss everything up. Gives it so much flavor. I'll just mention that in case you think it looks incredibly boring, but these are so so many good meals. I hope you love them as much as I do if you try them. And as I was saying earlier, it's really easy to personalize the protein and the calories for everything if you meal prep like this. Um, you know, maybe you're working out a lot and you just want to keep track of things. Maybe you want to maintain your weight. Maybe you want to lose weight. I did this when I was trying to lose weight and it helped me to lose more than 40 lbs. And now I just use it to maintain my weight just really effortlessly. Um and also just to have, you know, all my meals ready to go for the week. That's like it just saves me so so much time having all my meals ready to go. Anyway, um the reason that it's so easy to personalize for you is because I make all my meals, breakfast, lunch, and dinner, all 400 calories roughly. Um, and the reason that I do that is because it's a really great amount of calories for optimal energy without sugar crashes, without any kind of crashes. And it's just a really great portion size, especially for women. So, that is why I do that. And I make all my snacks roughly 200 calories. And when you keep them all the same, like you know all your main meals are 400 and you know all your snacks are 200, it just really it makes it so easy to keep track of calories and keep track of protein roughly without having to count anything. Um let me just get something quickly. Let me show you. Okay, so like basically if you've got breakfast, lunch, and dinner here. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. 400 400 400 That's 1,200 calories. Add a snack. 1,400 calories. It's just like so easy. Now you can add another snack. Now you can double the snack. You can get 1,600 calories. Double the dinner. 800 1,200 1,00 Wait. Yeah. What is What is the math here? 800, 1,200, 1,600, 1,800, or 2,000. It's just so easy. It's the easiest method that I have ever used to keep track of calories. And it really just like doesn't feel like counting at all. If you have 1,400 calories a day, which is basically exactly what I've prepped in this video, breakfast, lunch, dinner over there, and a snack, that is going to get you 100 g of protein roughly a day. And if you go up to two 2,200 calories, it's going to get you 200 g of protein a day. So, I've got so many videos that I'm excited to make right now. So, stay tuned. I'm just like bursting with ideas and for like delicious recipes and things. I'm so excited. So stay tuned and I will see you very very soon. I just keep coming back. It's like when you try to say goodbye to someone and then and then you like end up walking next to them and then it just gets awkward. But um I will see you very very soon. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @peaceloveandeva [3 likes]: I really like how you film realistically making everything at the same time. It shows how to be time efficient and I can tell you think about how much time actually goes into meal prepping!
  2. @SwooningCrow [2 likes]: You're a girl who:


- loves containers
- loves meal prep
- loves healthy food that is tasty and also eating enough protein and staying within your calories for the day
- making all of that easier
- apparently also loves post-its

Where have you been all my life?

I've just recently started meal prepping and taking better care of my habits. The YouTube algo did its work splendidly. You have a new subscriber, all the way from Brazil.
  3. @linmo3757 [2 likes]: Anxiety ridden by the tower of glass lol😂
  4. @kimmie2711 [2 likes]: Do you ever try soaking your eggs in ice water x 5 minutes, they peel much easier
  5. @Karrdeh [1 likes]: Dropping by to let you know these meals are so good, and they keep me full all day at such low cals! Love the chicken and cilantro rice sm. Thanks for sharing ✨️
  6. @PatUnity-x2h [1 likes]: I saw spring meal prep and thought that you were early with the video. Now i realize that it's probably spring by you. It’s still snowing here in Canada this year
  7. @mychanellife1 [1 likes]: is anyone watching these with roomates like, i will never be able to do this?
  8. @sonjawhite7959 [1 likes]: I wish Lizel would do more flexible meal prep videos or capsule meal prep
  9. @minhhop3208: What is the first ingredient  for your muffin ??????.  I rewind 3 times , stillcan not catch it ! What a voice !!!Please hve the ingredients  appear on the screen !!!!
  10. @minhhop3208: Your voice is so hard to be understood !!!!!
  11. @jessicalove143: Your recipes are yummy and easy to follow as meal prep & grocery shopping completely overwhelms me! Everything stores and reheats nicely. Great balance in flavors; thank you!
  12. @dennywiz7378: To be honest, whilst these are fab meals and look delicious, they aren't high protein.  The least protein you should aim for in a meal is 30g but generally 60g is high protein.  2 eggs is only 14g protein.
  13. @aliadm2004: Thank you  Lizel  I love watching your videos  I'm  living in  Canada  where  can I find your book.
  14. @beckyrecme: Where’s the high protein??? That lunch has gotta be higher in fat than protein. Everything looks yummy though!
  15. @kimmie2711: I love how your generation keeps it simple, not removing the tendons from the tenders, what a great time saver!! It really doesn't matter I think in the long run
  16. @erikajennings9527: I have the meal prep ebook so have made these muffins but I have to say the applesauce doesn’t pair well with the strawberries and chocolate—the flavor completely overpowers all the other flavors. (I only use applesauce in apple muffins.) Also, the strawberries make the batter way too wet. I love most of your recipes, but this one was a miss. The egg and quinoa salad lunch with that honey mustard vinaigrette is delish, however! I often eat it for breakfast!
  17. @HaDealio: Do you ever cheat and have that Cinnabon or ice cream?😂
  18. @gwendapayne2632: What size are your containers?
  19. @Itskryztal: But i have a husband
  20. @XDsimoneXD1: I like your videos, but why do you have some videos with AI voice? It's not really pleasant to listen to.?

- 150g of Protein a Day | Realistic Meal Plan & Recipes (As a Busy Mom of 4!): Kind: captions Language: en Hey friends, welcome back to another video. Today I'm going to be sharing once again what I eat in a day to hit 150 grams of protein. And today's calories are going to be around 1,800 calories. I have mentioned this before, but it's definitely worth mentioning that I don't really count my calories on a day-to-day basis. I'm sharing this with you in case you count calories and it's helpful for you. I mostly just track my protein and eat the foods that I feel best eating. And with that being said, I am Melanie. If you're new here, I'm a stay at home mom of four. I'm not a health expert or professional. I'm simply just a mom sharing my passion, which is healthy recipes and a little bit of fitness content and just my life and what's worked for me. So, keep that in mind if you're looking for a professional. It's not me. [laughter] Think of me as your YouTube friend, walking this health journey with you, coming alongside you, and just sharing some things that have helped me in my day-to-day life, foods that keep me feeling my best, recipes that I've enjoyed, and foods that my entire family will eat with me. I don't just cook for myself. I have four little kids to feed and a hungry husband. Yeah, that's what I'm all about. Today, I will be sharing the complete meal plan for today's meals. I have all of the calories, the macros, which includes the carbs, the fats, the protein, and all of my meals and snacks. And I've typed it all up for you. I've shared all of the recipes that you will need if you want to recreate today's entire meal plan. And if you haven't already, make sure you hit that like and subscribe button. Join my YouTube family. I am completely blown away by you guys, by your love and support. Honestly, you guys. Oh, I'm getting emotional. But I never in a million years dreamed that I would have like 5,000 subscribers. So, thank you. Wow. Blown away. Okay, let's go. [music] >> [music] >> Well, it may be a busy school morning with four kids and lunches to pack. And some days, if I don't plan well, a fancy breakfast is just not realistic for me. But the great thing about this breakfast is it looks like it took a whole bunch of effort and it looks pretty darn fancy if you ask me. It actually took hardly any time at all to prepare. Today I'm making breakfast tacos. All I did was I separated my eggs. I actually ran out of my egg white carton, so that's why I did that. So, I had half a cup of egg whites and then I included one whole egg as well. And I just scrambled them on my pan and added a little bit of taco seasoning. And I'm going to be using two small corn tortillas. If you prefer flour tortillas, you can definitely use those as well. And to be honest, the corn does kind of fall apart a little bit, so that might even be a better option. But I do love the flavor of corn tortillas, so I decided to use those. Now, I'm just rinsing some black beans. The great thing about beans is they're going to add extra fiber, a little bit of protein, and just make this meal even more filling. You can add whatever toppings that you like. I love salsa, so of course, I feel like that's just like a non-negotiable. So, I'm adding a little bit of salsa. And I'm also adding some guacamole. I love these mini guacamole packs because they're already pre-portioned for you and you don't have to worry about the rest of the container going brown like if you were to use a large container. And I love spice. So, I'm adding some jalapeno slices as well. That's completely optional. Now, my protein hack is to replace sour cream with a cottage cheese. Now, if you are kind of grossed out by the clumps in cottage cheese, feel free to blend it first and just smooth it out. You won't even notice the difference. However, I'm not that picky, so I don't mind. And I didn't even notice at all. Even though this is a busy school morning, I still had lots of time to prepare this fancy breakfast. And in the same amount of time that my husband made simple over easy eggs, this was definitely a winner. >> Ooh, baby. >> Good. >> Yep. Missing out. >> Come on. We're printing it. [snorts] And before the busyiness of the day begins, I'm sitting down to have my morning coffee with a splash of milk and collagen powder. Hello. Good morning. Are you in a pretty dress? >> Wow, look at you. [laughter] >> Come here. >> Well, it's only 10:00 a.m., but I'm already thinking ahead and thinking about dinner because we're getting on top of things today. And yeah, I just want to get ahead of schedule and just make dinner a little bit easier for me tonight. My daughter and son have piano lessons right after school and then my daughter has swimming. So, mom life. So, if I can start dinner now, put something in the slow cooker, I know that I have a healthy dinner ready to go that I don't have to scramble and figure out later on tonight when I don't have time. I am using this has been like my go-to cookbook lately. Feel like I've talked a lot about this book lately, but has really practical recipes. So, I love it. On the menu, I am going to be making this teriyak chicken thighs. Looks so yummy. I'll show you how I make it. [music] >> Today I'm making an adapted version of the teriyaki [music] chicken thighs from the Wellness Mama cookbook. And I made a few changes to the original recipe. Partially because I love doing that with cookbooks and recipes. I love just making them my own and using whatever I have on hand and just getting creative. Also, partially I do this because I'm such a squirrel in the grocery store. I get distracted easily and then I get home and I realize I forgot some of like the main ingredients that I went there for. So, one of the main ingredients that I forgot at the grocery store was crushed pineapple. But luckily, I had a fresh pineapple at home already. So, I just chopped up about one cup of fresh pineapple. And since I didn't have any pineapple juice, I just subbed in a little splash of lemon juice and it worked perfectly. And now I'm using tamari, which is a healthier version, or it is a soy sauce. It's just a healthy soy sauce. And fun fact, there's actually 2 g of protein in 1 tsp of soy sauce, which is something that I learned when I was typing up this recipe. Although, I wouldn't recommend drinking a glass of soy sauce to get your protein in. That would be a lot of sodium and you might turn into Sid the Sloth. That scene from Ice Age when he's floating in the middle of the ocean and he gets so thirsty, so he takes a drink of the ocean water and then [music] he says, "Salty." [laughter] I love [clears throat] Ice Age so much. Anyways, if you don't know what I'm talking about, just ignore me. Let's get back to the recipe. So, I added in some rice wine vinegar. I added in some honey, a little bit more salt and pepper, and this is one of my favorite hacks. Whenever I buy fresh ginger, I peel it right away and put it in the freezer. And then, if there's ever a recipe that you need fresh ginger, all you have to do is grate it while it's still frozen, and it just grates so easily. Now, I'm adding in two packs of chicken thighs. And I also want to mention if you'd rather use chicken breast instead of chicken thighs, that's definitely an option and that would taste great also. And for fun and a little bit of spice, I added in some fresh chopped jalapenos. I had some sitting in my fridge already, so I wanted to use it up and it ended up tasting amazing in this dish, so I highly recommend that as well. And finally, I'm adding one chopped onion and a few cloves of garlic. I love recipes like this where you can just throw everything in one pot. You don't have to have too many dishes or too many extra bowls. And then once everything's in there, you just give it a really good toss, making sure that the chicken is fully coated. Put the lid on and then set your timer for about 6 to 8 hours on low. I actually found 8 hours was a little bit too long. So maybe try the 6 hours and then see if everything's fully cooked. The flavor in this recipe was phenomenal. I'm definitely going to be making this again. It was a big hit in my household. >> I have been downstairs working in my office for the past 2 or 3 hours. I need to go and work out. I need to shower. I just [sighs] I got so much I got to get done. But I'm starting to get a little bit hungry. So, I'm not going to work out when I'm feeling hungry because my workout will suck cuz all I'll be thinking about is eating. Usually, I'll have my protein shake at the end of my workout, but I'm just so hungry right now. So, I'm going to have it first, and then I will just have lunch after I'm done exercising. Chocolate and date is such a good combo. If you haven't tried it, you definitely have to try adding dates to your protein shake. I only used one, and I like to put it in hot water just to soften it up a little bit. So, while that's sitting in the hot water, I added some milk. I actually had kefir, so it's like a fermented milk, but you could definitely use regular milk or an unsweetened almond milk, whatever you like. I added in a little bit of banana. And then I have a whey isolate protein powder. You just want to make sure you're getting at least 20 g of protein per scoop. I think mine actually has 24 g, but just look at your protein and make sure you're getting at least 20 g. And then I'm adding in a tablespoon of cocoa powder. And this is powdered peanut butter. I don't know if you've heard of this. It's called PB2 in some grocery stores. It's just like a lower fat um peanut butter replacement, I guess, or it's still peanut butter. It's just powdered. So, I added in a couple tablespoons of that and a little pinch of sea salt. The combo here is perfection. It tastes just like one of those chocolate monkey drinks when you go on vacation, except you're going to be getting like 28 gram of protein. It's packed with healthy ingredients. And just make sure you remove the pit from your date if your date is not pitted already. Otherwise, you might lose a tooth in the process of drinking your smoothie. All right, ready to work out finally. It's only 1:00 workout today. I just warmed up 10 minutes on the treadmill. Did a couple sprints. Just got my body nice and warm. Got my heart rate up a little bit. Now, I'm just gonna do a quick circuit style workout. I only want to be down here for like 20, 30 minutes max. So, that's when I like to do circuits where you basically just do one exercise [music] to the next to the next and then just repeat it two or three times. You're going to be able to hit multiple different muscle groups in one workout, which is what I'm feeling like today. I don't really feel like doing just a leg specific workout. I kind of want to do a full body. I'm gonna go through the first round pretty light and then with each round after I will either increase my weights by a little bit or I will do more reps just depending on the movement and how my body's feeling. Round one done. Now we're going to do it two more times. Make it a little bit harder. Increasing my weights, increasing my reps with certain movements. Two rounds done. One more to go. We're going to make it a little bit harder this time. >> workout is done. It's already 2:00. I don't even know where this day has gone. It's just like, oh, I haven't even had lunch yet. So, I'm going to have something to eat now. I have leftover salmon that I made the other night for dinner. And I'm actually going to share the recipe for that salmon in the description in the free document that I created with today's meal plan. So, if you do want to make that salmon, I highly recommend it. It's super simple, tastes amazing. It's a honey dijon salmon. So, I will include the recipe for how to make that salmon in the document. And I'm just gonna have some spinach with a little bit of hemp seeds or hemp hearts. I don't know what to call them, but hemp [sighs] seeds. They have a little bit of protein, some healthy fats, and then I'm keeping it so simple. I'm just going to do a little bit of olive oil, fresh lemon juice, and that's it. And then before you know it, it will be dinner. So, I'm not going to eat like a huge meal right now. We typically eat pretty early. And yeah, [sighs] so here is my uber simple salad. The salmon was not as big of a piece as I was expecting. I think I've been just snacking on it a little bit here and there. So, the recipe calls for a 5 oz piece of salmon, and that's going to get you the right amount of protein, but I don't think that's quite 5 oz. What I'm going to do is add just a little scoop of cottage cheese to just up the protein a teeny bit for my lunch. but that won't be included in my macro plan. I just know for me that doesn't look like enough protein. So, that's just a really simple way to get a little bit of extra protein in a meal if you need to. And also, ideally, after a sweaty workout, you do want to have some carbs, especially some quick digesting carbs. Something like a rice cake or even some bread or oatmeal, something like that, or even fruit. I did have that shake before my workout, which had some sugars in it. the date and the banana. So, I'm not too worried about getting some carbs right now. Although, ideally, I think if I was going to optimize my nutrition today, I would have a carb as well, but it's going to be dinner soon, so I'm not too worried. Anyways, all that is to say, keeping it simple today, and I'm not overthinking it. My main priority, get my protein in and just fuel my body with the right nutrients and eat when I'm hungry. At least that's how I like to do it. Slow cooker [music] meals are definitely a lifesaver in my household. As a mom of four, I feel like I'm constantly running around juggling different activities, different sports for my kids, and just trying to stay on top of my life and laundry and dishes. So, if you have any good slow cooker meals that you've been loving, would you drop me a comment and let me know some new ideas because I'm always looking for new ideas to try in my household as well. Tonight, I'm cooking up just some side dishes to go with that teriyaki pineapple chicken. I love making quinoa because it has extra protein. And then you can even add more protein by cooking it in a bone broth. I didn't have any on hand, so I just used a simple chicken broth. That's just an easy way to get even more protein in your dinner. Now I am going to be plating my quinoa. And then I have some simple steamed broccoli. And I'm just taking a scoop of that sauce and the pineapples and pouring it right on top of the quinoa. Now, if you are counting your protein, I was. So, I took out two whole pieces of chicken thighs and then I just drizzled some of that sauce on top and sprinkled a little bit of sesame seeds. But this chicken also is amazing if you just want to shred it all up. And the only complaint that my kids had was that the pineapple was brown. I think cooking the chicken on low for more than 6 hours might be a bit much. That's my one complaint. But the flavor is phenomenal and it just falls apart. So yummy. I think I need more sauce. >> You ready to eat? >> Can I have a bite? [snorts] >> One bite for me. >> Are you eating my dinner? >> Are you eating my dinner? I think I need a bit more sauce here. Let's add >> Let's add a little more sauce. Oh yeah. Yeah. We're going to put in the broccoli and the chicken right there, too. Okay. How about I make Oops. Going to make your own plate. Try it. [snorts] Bite. Come on. Out of here. What does everyone think? >> It's really good. >> Bomb. >> It's what, Levi? >> It's bomb. >> It's bomb. [music] Well, to finish off a busy day, [music] I'm actually pouring myself a good oldfashioned bowl of cereal. I had a craving and I just rolled with it. Well, thank [music] you friends for hanging out with me today. I hope you gained some value and some inspiration and I look forward to seeing you all very, very soon. Bye [music] for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wonderwoman1982 [4 likes]: I'm so glad I found your channel. Thank you again for sharing the meal plan. I'm a female veteran with PTSD and I now get overwhelmed with something as simple as meal planning. I've had a lot of health issues and gained a lot of weight. I have managed to lose 50 lbs., but I have 50 lbs. to go. This is so helpful! =)
  2. @deded1057 [2 likes]: Everything tastes better off of mom's plate😅
  3. @rebeccamn7155 [2 likes]: I’m a new subscriber. I’m loving the meals you are sharing and the pdf. Thank you!
  4. @dg7426 [2 likes]: The reason why the corn tortilla broke apart is that you’re supposed to warm it up first. Preferably on a comal or skillet or directly on the burners. The tacos was delicious by the way.
  5. @alexsherwood706 [1 likes]: Love your videos!
  6. @kimberly.vieley [1 likes]: Love your videos, and the joy that you exude! These recipes look so delicious, and that frozen ginger hack is genius. Can’t wait to put that one to practice. Thank you so much for sharing!
  7. @sarajopsal [1 likes]: Looks great!
  8. @annasalazar6227 [1 likes]: Hi Melanie, I love teriyaki chicken but have never done it with the pineapple, i think i have to give it a try.
  9. @nicolecobe1486: Wonder if I could do chicken breasts instead of thighs for pineapple chicken, since I already have them thawed
  10. @diananguyen7701: But for me, you are the best you very honest sweet and beautiful you share all you thought and you healthy recipe. Thank you. I just foul
 your YouTubechannel  ❤.
  11. @Burnsey25: My 5 kids are all in their 20s, I sure could have used a channel like this back in the day!  Good job Mom 💗
  12. @Burnsey25: LOL the hidden recorder/flute 😂
  13. @merijaydoconnor1506: I am curious why you don't eat the egg yolks? Thanks for giving us these yummy ideas!
  14. @JaNicePetersen-o4n: Melanie, if I go to your page do you talk about your background in fitness too? Did you begin with a personal trainer or how did you develop your routine? You really look so sculpted. I’m 61 and not even close to burpee ready (if ever again😱😂) so where can I start? My dedicated routine for nearly two years now is walking 4mi per day (16 min mi) outdoors weather permitting😁Haven’t started up weight training because I’m still in weight loss but! Considering it anyway because you’re such an inspiration😊
  15. @arlenedixon8180: Try warming up your corn tortillas first.  I just heat them over the open flame. A few seconds on each side. It also enhances the corn flavor IMO
  16. @hopeschlentz6332: Did you make breakfast for your husband and kids too?
  17. @MrsEspino: Just want to let you know that i enjoy your videos! i'm a mom of 2 who also aim to eat more protein so your recipes are so helpful. Love from Philippines 💕
  18. @janinescola6795: Hello, where did you buy your apple slicer?  Enjoyed your video!
  19. @aguilera1728: You should warm the tortillas up on a pan/griddle or even for about 1 min in microwave. They break when cold and depending on the brand some hold up batter than others after warming then up.
  20. @Jenny-wo1yb: Yeah! Always look forward to your videos!

- getting back into my fitness routine 🌱 what I eat, high protein meals + how I stay consistent!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] We're going to do all things getting our lives together. Be showing off some of my favorite high protein meals. She looks yum. Let's get this workout in together. [Applause] Good morning everyone. Welcome to another vlog. Another day, another vlog. So, let's start off this video with getting the morning crust off my face. Do you guys see Miss Pika being my little bodyguard while I'm in the bathroom? Thank you, Pika. Heat. Heat. Cheers. So, today's video is going to be more of a fitnessy type of vlog because if I'm being honest, your girl was kind of in a slump with working out. Okay? I haven't been the most consistent in the gym. I haven't been the most motivated. And I don't know about you guys, but whenever I'm kind of in a slump, the absolute first thing for me to let go of is my workout routine. So, if you're like me, if you've been feeling kind of off or you just need to get back into a routine, maybe you need a little reset, this video is for you. Because in this video, we're going to do all things getting our lives together. I'm going to be shuffing up some of my favorite high protein meals. We're going to be working out together. We're going to be talking mindset, motivation, and getting back into the routine of things. And I'm truly all about building healthier habits realistically, just making fitness feel fun. Even little things like this in the morning, that whole spread in the morning, it makes me feel happy. So yeah, we are starting off in the morning. And in the morning, the real ones know I always start off with some lemon water to hydrate because if you think about it, you have not hydrated your body in 8 hours while you're sleeping. So that's the first thing I do. And then after I finish this, I go on to my immunity shots. This is a new one I haven't tried. It's from Organic. You can see like the little peppers underneath. So I know this one is going to be spicy. Bottoms up. These things never get easier. I'm telling you, this one smells strong. Woo! Woo! These wellness shots in the morning, they wake me up. Okay. Oh, wow. And then I top it off with some bone broth that I microwaved for 2 minutes. This is the Kettle and Fire bone broth. Bone broth is super high in collagen, so it's good for your hair, your skin, your nail, but also it's super high in protein and it really helps your gut health. If you struggled a lot with bloating like I was in the morning or if you just need things to move smoothly if you know what I mean. I'm telling you, bone broth in the morning on an empty stomach helps so much. And then you can add some lemon to it, some salt, some spices, and it really just tastes like soup. Yeah. Basically, this is like my whole morning spread that I do literally every single morning. And I actually started doing this routine back when I was experiencing PCOS symptoms. So, the real ones know I went through this whole healing journey last year. I was dealing with hormonal acne all over my face, bloating every single day. Like I wouldn't eat a single thing and my stomach would be out to here and it would be so painful. And if you don't know, a lot of bloating and acne is linked to gut health. So if you don't have good gut health, then it's going to show up in other ways. Ever since then, I started being really intentional about consuming things that are good for me from the inside out. Things like bone broth, hydrating, it definitely all added up to make a huge difference. And I don't deal with any of those symptoms anymore. Obviously, I did other things like lifestyle changes, but yeah, this has helped a lot. Okay, first thing on our menu today. I'm making an avocado toasty with a yogurt granola bowl. This is honestly one of my favorite breakfasts to make cuz it's so easy, but also a great pre-workout meal. Has the healthy fats, the protein, fiber. So, let's get to cooking. Breakfast is served. So, we got an avocado toast on sourdough bread and of course some hot sauce on top. She looks yum. I don't know if it's just me. If I have something salty, I need something sweet right after. And so, this is my little yogurt granola bowl, but instead of regular blueberries, I actually put frozen berries on top. I actually learned this trick from my brother over at his apartment. I told him I was hungry, so he threw a yogurt bowl for me together. He put frozen berries instead of regular berries. And because the berries are frozen, it gives like ice cream vibes. So, if you never tried it, don't say I didn't put you on. And it's honestly the perfect balanced breakfast. The healthy fats from the avocado, the protein from the egg, fiber from the blueberries. Who said eating healthy has to be boring? Never fails. Never fails. So, those of you who are not already familiar with my fitness journey, my freshman year of college, I basically went through this whole transformation. I had gained almost 30 lbs. I was really insecure about my weight, how I looked. I hated looking in the mirror. And I was just at my most unhealthy self mentally and physically. And so when I started working out, my biggest goal was to lose weight. And I used to view food as the enemy. And I thought in order to see results and to lose weight, I had to be super super strict with myself. So I remember I would try to do a bunch of cardio, like literally just run on the treadmill for an hour straight and just really restrict my calories. But what that did was honestly make me hate working out and hate trying to eat healthy because I was restricting myself so much. I didn't let myself eat anything unhealthy. Or when I was trying to lose weight, I literally wouldn't let myself eat any type of carbs. So I wouldn't let myself eat bread or granola. And then I would just end up binge eating anyway and eating everything on site and it was just like this very unhealthy cycle. And so what actually broke me out of that was seeing food as fuel and something enjoyable and working out as something enjoyable. When I finally started seeing a difference, like a real transformation, it was when I stopped restricting myself so much and just started eating intuitively and making sure I got the main things like protein, healthy fats, fiber, and not stressing so much about not eating any carbs or any sugar. And yeah, that's honestly what's helped my mindset and helped me honestly finally see results because I wasn't crash dieting and crash working out. If any of you guys are going through that, I completely understand how you feel and you are not alone. And it honestly really helps to just try to change your mindset on certain things and let yourself enjoy the process and not be so hard on yourself. Eating healthy does not mean you deprive yourself of the food that you love. Doesn't she look gorge? Mhm. Delicious. By the way, guys, the granola that I use for this yogurt bowl, it's this one. It's called cookie granola. It literally does make your yogurt bowl taste like you have little bits of cookie in it. Amazing. So you guys, we are here in my little journaling corner with Mr. Leo. I don't know what about this corner he loves so much. Hello. Do you see something that I don't see? But yeah, I guess Mr. Leo, he's a journaler just like me. Also, if you can tell behind me, the weather is not the best today. It's kind of gray, cloudy, not the cutest. I feel like on days it looks like this. My motivation is me. The weather literally affects my mood so much. Yeah. Anyway, you guys saw me journaling. I always start my mornings off with journaling. It's just a great way to brain dump anything that you're thinking of so you're not carrying it all throughout the day. So, after you do it, you just feel so much lighter. and kind of having a routine with journaling, going to like a specific spot to journal every single day. It honestly makes me more excited and look forward to journaling. And if you don't already journal or you want to start journaling, you should start journaling in my very own journal that I created for you guys, the day-by-day journal. It's a daily guided journal that only takes 5 10 minutes a day to fill out. It is also available in the new matcha color. I'll have my journal linked in my description for you guys. But yeah, whether it's my journal or a journal you already have laying around the house, just try it 5 minutes a day in the morning before you start your day. I'm telling you, it will change your life. All righty, guys. We're going to head to the gym, but before we go there, I'm going to stop by a cafe to treat myself. I normally make my coffee at home, but honestly, I'm treating myself today because I don't have the most energy. You know, doing little things like this, getting a drink at my favorite cafe. It honestly lifts my spirits up a little bit. It makes me look forward to my workout a little bit more. You know, you got to treat yourself sometimes. You guys, when I tell you the weather here is not good. It is really giving the end of the world right now. Like, it is so cloudy and gloomy and gray. You would think my seasonal depression by now would be gone because it's June, but I don't know. She's still kind of here because this weather, what are we doing? What is going on? This cafe stop is not wanted. It's needed at this point. Hi, how are you? Can I please get a small iced matcha latte? Oh, you guys are out of matcha. Okay, I'll do an iced americano with pistachio milk. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome, guys. Is it just me or is it giving it's about to downpour rain on me any second now? I really hope it doesn't. By the way, if you're watching this right now, here's your sign to go hit a workout today. I think it'd be fun if you guys joined me on this workout. I'm going to have the full workout from Train Well, in my description, so you guys can come along and do the workout with me. Let's get this workout in together. So, this workout we're about to do is actually from the app I've been using, Train Well, which matches you with the personal trainer based on your fitness goals, and your girl has been seeing gains with it. This is my lovely trainer, Jill, who plans all my workout. She checks in on me. She hypes me up whenever I miss a workout. She's like literally amazing. Every workout comes with form demos and I can easily swap out exercise if the machine isn't there, which is so clutch. It just makes working out so much less overwhelming and helps me be more consistent. I highly recommend it. I'll actually have the link in my description so you can take the quiz and get matched with your perfect trainer and get 14 days free. Hey, hey, hey. All righty, guys. Your girl is back from her workout and I'm about to have a little post-workout protein. I'm actually going to be drinking this Pillars drinkable yogurt. It has pre and probiotics in the mixed berry flavor, which is my favorite flavor. If you're anything like me and you kind of struggle to drink protein shakes sometimes because, you know, it doesn't taste the best sometimes and I kind of get sick of drinking them every day. So, instead, I like to drink these Pillars drinkable yogurts. One serving has 15 g of protein, which is amazing. Greek yogurt is a great source of protein. So, I love having this. You can get it at like Whole Foods. That's where I get mine from. And they have a bunch of different flavors, but the mixed berry one, she is that girl. M. So good. Sometimes I find that protein shakes are kind of hard to get down. This you will have no problem. So here's my little secret. I also kind of want a little snacky. So I'm going to show you guys one of my favorite snacks to make. Very simple. All you need is a few cucumbers. Cut them up into little points like so. And then a lime. I just sprinkle some of that on top. The secret ingredient, tahin. And I am very generous with this. So, whenever I crave like something like chips, something savory, salty, I try to make this since it's a little bit lower in calorie and is a little bit healthier and I genuinely enjoy it. Here she is. Delicious. We're going to do a little taste test. Yep. Never disappoint. I always make sure to have things like cucumbers and carrots already washed and ready. So then it's easier when I'm craving a snack to gravitate more to like the healthier stuff. Try it. It really helps. And if you love taheen, you will love a snack. Hello you guys. So, I figured while I finish my little protein shake, I'd sit with you guys and have a little chitchat with the girlies, give you guys some updates about my fitness journey. I feel like you guys know this. I go through ups and downs with my fitness journey for sure. There's times where I'm super consistent. I'm going to the gym. I'm hitting my workouts. I'm eating clean. And then something always happens. Maybe I get sick, maybe I go traveling, something. And then I kind of start to fall off a bit. And I think when I first started working out, whenever I would get into a slump, it would take me months to get out of them because I would just be so hard on myself. The real ones know where your girl came from and my whole fitness journey and the transformation I've had. But even when I would skip one workout or even when I would see one pound go up the scale or I ate one bad meal that day, I would be so so hard on myself and it would take me weeks, months to recover and get back into my routine, get back into the swing of things. And now that it's been some time, I've learned how to deal with slumps and not really feeling motivated to work out, to not be so hard on myself, okay? And I've learned that those ups and downs, it's part of the fitness journey. There's times where you're going to feel super motivated. There's times where you're going to feel like the last thing you want to do is get up from your bed. And that's okay. I would skip like one workout and swear that I gained like 15 lbs and be staring at the mirror and like touching my stomach and over obsessed. And so, if you're kind of like that, I hope you know that you are not alone. And ultimately, your fitness journey is a journey. It's not supposed to be perfect. You're not supposed to be feeling super motivated all the time, going to the gym every single day of your life. Like, it's just not realistic. And it's okay to be kinder to yourself. And if you're watching this right now and you want to start working out or you want to get back into working out, I hope that I can be your motivation because girl, if I can do it, I promise you can do it, too. It does not matter if you haven't worked out in a week, 2 weeks, months, a year. You can always start working out today. It only takes one decision to change the rest of your life. I hope you guys know when I first started working out, I had zero idea how to work out. I would go to the gym and not know how to use any machines, not know what weight I'm supposed to use. And so, those are things I've learned over time. And honestly, one of the best things that helped me during my fitness journey was having a trainer. Having a trainer is so underrated. I honestly didn't realize how much I needed that accountability until I started using Train Well. You guys saw me using it earlier for my workout, but my trainer Jill has literally been the best, okay? She checks in on me. She hypes me up. Even if I miss a workout, she never makes me feel bad. She always encourages me. She's like, "You're going to get back into it. Don't worry." And sometimes you need that reminder from somebody else that, you know, you're doing great. Don't be hard on yourself. You skip a workout or two. It is okay. Your results are not all of a sudden gone. One of the things I love about it is that they have workouts planned for you and so you don't show up to the gym like, "What the heck am I supposed to do? What machine do I use? Everything's all laid out on my phone and I get to the gym, I get to work, I know what I need to do." They even show you all the correct form on every exercise, which is so helpful to not risk any injury and just like make sure you're doing it right. Also, if you're not feeling a certain exercise or you don't have that machine, you can easily swap out that exercise for something else. And Train has honestly made being consistent so much easier. It's super flexible. You can do it from anywhere. And having a trainer just makes me feel like I have support and not just relying on my own selfm motivation. So, if you're someone who's struggling to stay consistent, or if you're just trying to get back into your workout routine like me, I seriously recommend using Train Well. And you can actually take a quick quiz, which I'll have in my description box, to get matched with your perfect trainer and get 14 days of free training. So, hop on it, save your coin, don't wait. If you're getting back into your fitness journey or you just started, comment down below so me and the other girlies can hype you up. And yeah, if you're watching this, I'm just so proud of you for clicking on this video to motivate yourself. And I hope you guys know how much you motivate me. If I can motivate you even a little bit to work out today. Go outside and just like move your body today. I am so so proud of you. And Leo is also proud of you. Right, Leo? Hello everybody. So, we are in the kitchen. I'm about to chef up one of my favorite lunches. I like to call it my lazy girl lunch because it's healthy, high protein, but literally takes like 20 minutes to make. There is zero cooking involved. It's just putting a bunch of ingredients together. So, let's get to it. So, literally the only ingredients you need for this recipe, honey crisp apples, purple onion, celery, lemon, alpha tuna, mayo, and salt and pepper. Also, if you want to live your life on easy mode, okay, get one of these. I got this off of Amazon. I'll have it linked in my storefront. It is just like a chopper like this. I just put the vegetable in right here and you just chop it up and it takes 2 seconds. Literally a lifesaver. I always save the leftover tuna water for Leo because he loves to drink it. It's his favorite snack. Here you go, Leo. Your face. He loves it. You like it? All righty, guys. The tuna salad is done. Isn't she a beauty? One of my favorite ways to eat it is to eat it on sourdough toast. Cheers. You can put the rest of this in Tupperware and save it and use it as meal prep. Tuna salad is also super yummy to eat with chips. These are my favorite chips to use. They're the sete dip chips. this combo. Don't say I never put you guys on. Okay. M. It's so good. By the way, if you guys want more healthy high protein meal ideas, I'm going to be posting more on my Instagram and Tik Tok. So, go ahead and follow me on there if you're a real one. Matter of fact, if you're not subscribed already, what are you doing? Okay, what are you doing? Hey guys, so I'm about to make some dinner and I'm making this dinner that I make pretty much every single week and it's high protein pasta. It is so good. It's super easy. Very little ingredients. So, the first thing you need is pasta, pasta sauce, ground beef, onion, and salt, pepper, garlic powder, and paprika. Literally takes 20 to 30 minutes to make max. So, let's get to cooking. Miss Pika joined us tonight. She's going to be helping us shift it up. So, while your water is boiling, we're going to get to cooking the beef. Guys, I completely forgot. You're supposed to add the onion before you add the beef. So, I'm going to add the onion in now. My bad. Okay guys, dinner is served. Doesn't she look delicious? By the way, guys, for this recipe, you need to use this specific pasta sauce because I mean, you don't need to, but it's just so good. It makes it 10 times better. This is the so hot honey marinara. Actually, today we're staying in tonight having a little girls night. So, we're going to eat my dinner, watching TV, which is like my favorite thing to do. Got my dinner and I'm about to watch some Jinny and Georgia. It's honestly such a good show. I've been binging it. Have some lollipop. I don't know if it's just me, but drinking from a straw makes things taste 10 times better. Guys, I'm telling you, if you make any recipe from this video, please let it be this pasta. It is the best pasta. It is genuinely so good. M taking a right to join.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Aylin.k [3 likes]: I love the fact that you made a vlog and not sit there and talked for an whole hour
  2. @Mimityl2398: day 6 of lock in!!
  3. @بدرهً-ه5ف: أنا وحيد لي عربي😅😊
  4. @imMissWinter: just wondering are you from California because i cant unhear the accent 😆
  5. @Ivy-Quiinn: I am from NYC, love your workout vids ❤
  6. @DaWessou-y7x: your hair is gorgeous 💗✨
  7. @draxcogaming: Anddd the ai Intro I’m gone
  8. @TimPeterson-i1e: Love this!
  9. @hoi-v7s: you can also put frozen berries in the blender with yoghurt and you litteraly get healthy icecream, its my go to breakfast
  10. @aleishar2498: Miss the vlogs ❤
  11. @Sniggy.asf0: I feel bad for not discovering this acct earlier
  12. @esmeraldaalvarado5997: Where do they sell bone broth
  13. @ShayBlossom: I miss granola so badly on my yogurts . I have wheat allergy 😢
  14. @ShayBlossom: Where do you get bone broth from?
  15. @justarandomperson7798: First time I actually see EASY AND HEALTHY recipes that are also QUICK, you go girl! Would love to see more of it on here❤
  16. @catie922: So I have 2 kids and I’ve realized for 3 years now I’ve been prioritizing them above everything. That sounds good, except now I have a Velcro baby who won’t even let me make coffee without me holding him or he’ll throw himself to the ground. I’m 5’8” but 112 lbs & your videos have been helping me remember to take care of myself better, plus giving me (and many many others) the knowledge of how go about it in a healthy way. Thank you for the motivation and inspiration 🤍🖤 also you’re beautiful on a physical and spiritual level
  17. @ninguemcurtiu9675: I'd like to prove it to you before and after training. 😍😍
  18. @VitóriaLohanyRotina: I'm watching from Brazil, it would be good if there were subtitles or if you spoke slowly.🥲 I am still learning English. 🤡
  19. @Bionx1: Girl just started my fitness journey again 😅 but I’m so glad I found your page to help me with that! ❤
  20. @Rosa-g7c9p: you are reminding me not to restrict myself that food is not a bad thing for that i am eternally gratefull

- What to Buy to Hit 100g+ Protein on a Budget | Grocery Guide for Busy Women: Kind: captions Language: en I think it's time that you accept that you are not losing weight because your grocery list literally does not make any sense. You're buying random healthy items, literally overspending, and then you're still barely hitting 100 g of protein per day. Because of that, today in this video, I am going to be breaking down a high protein grocery list that hits over 100 g of protein using ingredients that you can buy in bulk. And at the end of this video, I'm going to be showing you a real meal plan from one of my clients that we built using things that she already had at home. And I'm also going to be showing you how you can grab this list for yourself. I need you to know high protein eating is not just for bodybuilders. If you're a busy, ambitious woman dealing with low energy, cravings, stress eating, or hormonal issues like PCOS or insulin resistance, protein is your anchor. Protein stabilizes your blood sugar. It also helps keep you full longer. Protein also reduces your cravings and it gives you steady energy. Here's the real problem. Most women aren't buying enough protein or they're buying protein that does not last. That's how your grocery bill goes from $200 to $450 real quick. You go in looking for dinner ideas rather than restocking your inventory. So, let's go over my simple high protein grocery list that you can buy in bulk, rotate weekly, and use to build balanced meals without overspending. First, let's talk about our protein assets. A large carton of eggs or egg whites. This is the cheapest source of protein available and we typically use that for breakfast. Chicken breasts can be bought in bulk or in frozen bags. We cook this once and we can shred it or portion it out for our lunches. Salmon fillets are great to have and I know what you're thinking. Salmon is expensive, but it's not really that expensive if you buy it frozen or you buy it at Costco and Sam's in bulk. It is a high quality fat that supports hormonal health. So, do consider adding this to your monthly haul. Greek yogurt, typically plain, non-fat. Do not buy the little cups. Buy the big tub because this is cheaper and more versatile. We use this to make creamy sauces without inflammatory oils that's found in mayo. Next is your produce. I typically like to buy spinach and I buy the big bag from Costco. We saute it for breakfast and can use it fresh for salads or really just put in anything. I also like to do asparagus when it's in season or I like to buy it frozen. Celery and red onion. and they provide that extra crunch and flavor for chicken salad so you don't get bored. And then lettuce, you can buy romaine or butter. This is really good for saving you calories at lunch so you can replace your bread for your lettuce wraps. Now, having the ingredients is useless without a plan. So, here is exactly how my client turned that list into a day of eating that hit 104 g of protein. Her breakfast was scrambled eggs with spinach and whole wheat toast. She used two large eggs, a cup of spinach, and whole wheat toast. And this was 25 grams of protein right out the gate to start her day. It's fast, it's warm, and it stabilizes her glucose early in the morning. For lunch, she had chicken salad lettuce wraps. This is where the prep really saves you time. She used 4 ounces of chicken breast, and then we prepped that with Greek yogurt instead of mayo, which is a huge protein hack. She added celery and onion, and this was 42 g of protein in the middle of the day. Because she used lettuce cups, she did not have that mid afternoon crash that you typically get in the middle of the day. And for dinner, she had baked salmon with roasted asparagus and quinoa. This is really a luxury dinner. 4 oz of salmon, roasted asparagus, and a half a cup of quinoa. This is 37 g of protein, and it feels like a restaurant literally made it in real time. Literally frozen salmon and quinoa that's bought in bulk. Honestly, the secret to this budget is using what you already have. The meal plan relies on pantry staples. Things like olive oil, salt, pepper, and lemon. I have a breakdown of my favorite pantry staples that you can watch right here. When you stop buying the one-time use ingredients for a specific recipe that you saw on TikTok, your weekly grocery bill will drop significantly. Here's the reality. You can screenshot this video and try to piece it all together, and that might work for a week. But a grocery list is not a transformation. A grocery list is just paper. A system is a transformation. My client did not just succeed because she bought the salmon. She succeeded because she had a strategy for when to prep it. She knew how to portion it and why she was eating it. If you are an ambitious woman who is ready to stop guessing and really start building a metabolic system that runs on autopilot, I want to invite you to apply for my one-on-one coaching program. We don't just give you a list, we build the lifestyle that makes the list easy. Click the link in the description to apply for my one-on-one coaching program today. And if you want to test drive this exact system, I've put together this full fat loss friendly meal plan into a free PDF for you. And it has the shopping list and the macro breakdowns. You can grab it in the second link in the description below. Grab the plan, buy the food, learn the system, and honestly, if you learned anything from this video, be sure to give it a like. Don't forget to subscribe if you want more meal prep tips that will help you stay consistent. And thank you guys for watching this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chantelleb70 [6 likes]: #Protein
•Eggs and Egg Whites
•Chicken Breast
•Salmon
•Greek Yogart (Large container vs individual cups)

#Produce
•Spinach
•Asparagus 
•Celery, red onions, 
•Romaine or Butter Lettuce
  2. @patwebb2375 [2 likes]: I like Butcher Box because the quality of the meat matters too. Grass fed and grass finished is important.
  3. @coolcpa3321 [2 likes]: Good focus on protein. I always have Greek yogurt, cottage cheese and hard-boiled eggs at the ready. HB'd eggs can be used in so many ways. As for GY and CC, I like to top either with raspberries and a few chopped walnuts.
  4. @chantelleb70 [2 likes]: Come through SIS!!!
  5. @mzhappyfree7688: I am not sure how i found you but your videos are so happy

- BEGINNER FRIENDLY MEAL PREP for *BUSY people | high protein, simple, college student approved meals: Kind: captions Language: en be a really good time together [Music] really you have time right we're on the hunting welcome back to my channel SN so if you haven't already read the title and you're here because you like me listen I always appreciate it okay so open your mouth and give me your big toe they came out in a weird order but both of those things need to happen in order for us to move forward thanks now on today's video I'm giving you guys a super quick and easy meal prep that I have been [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up I love it okay I love it in a really aggressive way sorry sorry I'm I love it so much that I'm actually having it for lunch and dinner and I want to give you guys the recipe because how of a person would I be if I did not share and I love you guys we're cold okay I need something quick okay I don't want to spend four fuing hours inside the Kitchen meal prepping it's just not my thing I'm not into it I'm not into it at all I don't like it at all ever I refuse to be stuck doing it I do the target audience for this video If you're looking for a delicious meal prep option maybe you're a college student okay you don't have a lot of fck time and you don't want to share a kitchen with a whole bunch of dirty Gremlins maybe your mother you don't have 4 hours out of the day to randomly start meal prepping maybe you're lazy that's me I'm lazy there's a couple of other targets that I could probably hit on but um I feel like you guys get the gist of it so I'm going to take you guys with me to the grocery store and we're going to prep and I'm going to show you that this literally takes less than 20 30 minutes to prep five six 7 eight I don't give how many meals okay you're welcome you're welcome before we head out I am going to go ahead and take a hydration packet I know you guys saw my new week workouts and if you haven't seen it it's a great video so go watch it my body is Extreme ex sore extremely sore my muscles have been going through it and I was running 3 miles and I was sitting there doing an hours worth of hit and it was just a lot on my body and I can definitely feel it now that I'm back home and you guys already know how I feel about this this is element my tried and true I I've been talking about them for the past what's it been like six seven months at this point and they are sponsoring this week's video so please give them a huge woo oh my God thank you so much for supporting my little stink yes thank you kisses so element contains a science backed electroly ratio when you're sweating like I was when I was doing all that running in that super crazy Kango intense hit the primary electrolyte gloss is sodium or salt if you're an athlete which I felt like I was last week when I was running that three mile you can actually lose up to 7even G of sodium per day which if you did not know which I feel like I've already been preaching this too much that's like a lot that's a lot when the sodium isn't replaced don't be surprised okay just being honest if you're getting a lot of cramping and you're having a lot of other muscle fatiguing symptoms which is what I'm currently going through now a super simple way to avoid that is by taking a electrolyte packet like so at the end of the day guys like the reason why I continue to keep preaching this product is because I just want to make sure that we are all properly replenishing ourselves so that we don't have some of the issues that I used to struggle with in the past your micronutrients are just as important as your macronutrients so element is offering you guys a free sample packet with any order so just make sure that you guys use my link so that you guys can take advantage of that offer I'm also going to place it in my description box down below please give another huge thank you to element for sponsoring this week's video and and continuously supporting this channel I can just open it you guys like my cup who's ready to go to the store me I am I'm hungry I'm not going to lie I've been thinking about this meal for a while H Bots roll out roll out roll out you know the thing that I like most is that this Publix is like right next to my house so anytime I'm like missing some sh I just I'm like well I'm just going to walk over to the Publix and get some steps in say hi Oh My Gosh hi YouTube this is Esther I actually put her in one of my videos for one of my favorite finish creators she's great so if you guys want some more motivational stuff then she's a great person to do that with so the ingredients are super simple so um cuz again like we don't have time right we're on the hunt we're on [Applause] Rush o all right we have the groceries I'm excited literally I was in the store for like maybe like 3 minutes cuz again like I make this all the time okay and soon you might be making this all the time and it's going to be a really good time together really who's ready to cook okay me cuz I'm I'm hungry and I have a slight headache so I'm going to show you guys all the ingredients that you need right now so here's the Gap if you want like an easier option you can just do ground beef I like the Korean barbecue style like having that shredded riye but like if you don't want to do that ground beef will literally taste almost damn near the same just being honest and then this is optional this is like a rice seasoning you don't need this but I just really think it brings everything together okay I actually got mine off Amazon and then when I was in Houston they had it in the Walmart so just depends where you're at where you can find it you can also find like any Asian market but I'm actually going to put this in my storefront so you don't have to worry about if you're searching for it you're welcome some of my clients will always ask me by the way I offer one-onone training if your interestate credentials you know how do you do the serving size without measuring because a lot of the times I won't use my scale as much as I used to and typically what I will do is I will look at the back of the package so for instance this say three servings per container and one serving is 4 oz okay 4 oz has 26 g of protein in it so I already know that this entire container is going to give me three full servings so if I have two which is what I got I know that I am holding six meals worth of meat right here versus me trying to measure everything out exactly I just know that I need to evenly split this into six containers and I don't really measure it you can season with whatever you want if you're a salt and pepper girly go for it I'll put like some garlic powder some other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] there and then the Korean barbecue sauce cuz that's what really just you know brings it home for us okay so same thing when it comes to me using the Korean barbecue sauce so one serving of this is 1 tbspoon and that is 45 calories so now because I have six servings in here I typically do one tablespoon per serving so I'll do six tablespoons that way I know exactly again how much I'm putting into my body and nothing is ever going to be exact and that's totally fine we just want a really really good rough estimate and then same thing with the GOI Chang which is just like a Korean hot sauce like if you like spicy stuff or like you want to add a bit of a kick this is my girl this only 10 calories per tablespoon but I'm only going to put about like three or four servings in here cuz I like spicy but you know I don't like it where it hurts where it's so spicy that I that I can't enjoy it okay I want like a nice subtle burn I don't want to feel like my ass on fire okay I'm just being honest I don't want my butthole to be on fire hey yo I'm running out I'm running out don't say anything now that I have all of that combined I feel like I really don't even need to say this cuz like at this point I feel like I'm talking to my kids but I don't have any kids kids yeah just mix everything together like if you want to let it marinate you can I'm not I'm just going to cook this I don't have time for that I'm going to the gym after this goodness gracious when I make my move yeah that sounds that sounds like something I'm sure some of you are familiar with you what and if you're not ask your dad okay so now that I have already seasoned the meat and stuff like that now I can just pop this motherucker in the microwave okay for 5 minutes okay however long it says it's going to take we're going to ignore that we're going to ignore that and if you're my landlord you're also going to ignore that kisses while that's cooking I'm going to go ahead and start cooking the beef it literally takes no time you're going to put your pan on like super super hot I like my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to get a little crisp okay I do I want to Crunch just a tad bit not for everyone but it's for me now same rule applies to the jasmine rice 90 seconds brother 90 seconds for the sake of the video I only put one in there but I'm not going to lie I put them all in there at the same time okay it might have to be a little bit longer than 90 seconds but the deed is done and then same thing with my veggies I realized I only got one but I did have like some cauliflower and broccoli rice in my freezer my meat is already cooked and now I'm going to start assembling and guys when I came home it was like 9:20 it's like 950 right now and keep it mind I'm having to sit here and move the camera around and talk to you guys this meal takes no time you're fing welcome sorry that felt a little bit of aggressive all right let me relax and to make up for my my tone maybe I'll send you a pick promise real quick too so when it comes to these Rices right now these are like more on the calorie dents side with rice you do not have to do this if you want to go ahead and get you a bag of jasmine rice or whatever rice you enjoy and just cook it in bulk you can do that it'll probably be a lot less calories than this I'm someone that typically has larger meals and smaller snacks versus like an even amount of food in every meal so I can afford the extra calories when it comes to this but if you can't like there are definitely other ways around this okay let's go oo that look now for the sake of garnishing you don't have to do this okay but I'm going to put a little bit of green onions on there just because I feel like that's what it would have on there I don't want to hear any complaints spice bro just a bit of spice oh yeah aesthetic okay and then usually I won't where is my avocado where's my avocate where's my avocado it's a avocado now when it comes to like the avocado part again like this is going to add like an extra 120 calories to it cuz I'm going to do half an avocado but if you're not someone that with avocado don't put avocado in there if you don't talk with broccoli don't use broccoli use something else you can make these meals extremely customizable but if you don't like something leave it out leave it out I'm not going to lie sometimes when I read the comments I be in there I'm like God damn I made this one meal prep video and someone's like oh like what what do I do if I don't like tomatoes don't use them you don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with tomatoes on if you're allergic to nuts don't eat nuts sh back to what I was saying I usually will only cut up an avocado like right when I'm using it so I have these meals for lunch and dinner that's why I made six this is 3 days worth of food for me but I'll end up just like cutting one the day of and then just using it as I go throughout the day so I don't know if you guys knew this about me I'm pretty sure I said this one of my videos but if you're new here welcome I used to work at Chipotle if anyone knows how to mash an avocado it's me bro it'll always be me and then finally I'm going to use my rice seasoning sprinkle on top of everything and there you have it we have a Korean barbecue Bowl m okay and there you have it okay that's six meals guys it just hit 10: a.m. it just hit 10 a.m. it takes no time whatsoever so when you give me the excuse I don't have time listen I know you're sitting there watching Netflix I know you're scrolling on Tik Tok I know you're watching a 40-minute YouTube video so when I tell you that I don't hear it I don't you got this I know this journey isn't easy I know this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] takes a lot of energy and effort but I promise you it'll be so so so so worth it in the end and you will be so grateful that you took the time to do it so stop complaining Huger uh I am going to go ahead and place all the macros and calories in the description box down below for you guys again like you can make adjustments to the recipe based off of your preferences your needs and your goals so when you're thinking hey is this good for fat loss it can be or is this good for bulk it might anyway that is all for this week's video stinks um if you haven't already please please please like And subscribe join the cult okay you're only going to be entertained educated and fondled I call it being and if you want me to F you join the cult brother and if you haven't already tell your nana I said hi okay she's probably a real nice lady and if she's not you guys already know how I intimately deeply Hate Old People and when I say old I mean like elderly not the cute ones but the ones that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bye That's all folks

  Top Comments:
  1. @notracejaeotg [2 likes]: This video is PERFECT for busy people who don’t wanna spend 4 hours in the kitchen 
Can you do a follow-up on how to reheat meal prep so it still tastes good (day 3-5 test)? That’s the hardest part fr
  2. @tonyah6944 [2 likes]: Thank you for the easy quick meal prep. As someone living with a chronic disease, fatigue is one of my primary symptoms. I was able to prepare my lunch with minimal cleanup. This video is truly a lifesaver.
  3. @jex_zv8049 [1 likes]: 1:47 SSSSSIX SEVENN?
  4. @alexisosborn3954: Love the video, I'm gonna try meal prep for the first time and felt really overwhelmed watching a bunch of difficult videos thinking "damn I'm too lazy for that". Your video was easy to follow and those meals look delicious, thanks for the inspo girl! <3
  5. @becomingAngelic: Quick and also looking tasty😊
  6. @superseckcsuperstar: Yooo😂😂😂 when the microwave brokeeee
  7. @Aditi-26-: first time on the channel, freakin first impression, really love your energy haha, had sm fun watching the video, imma catch up with other videos of yours soon! slay kweenn
  8. @BobbyDsarejut: Adding timestamps boosts replay value
  9. @iambobbiej: i just love you more and more every video i watch!!!!!!
  10. @katiekt4754: you're so funny, and this video is so helpful genuinely.
  11. @hazeld8016: The way you censored shit and fuck but not cunt has me cackling. As a disabled person, tysm for the quick and easy meal prep. Im excited to try it.
  12. @sabrinajuarez7925: All you needed was an egg, this was a perfect meal prep though. and as always an amazing video.
  13. @abbimaciejewski5586: First time here and omg you’re beautiful!
  14. @Sweetface845: Subscribing only because you broke that thing off the microwave. Love that energy, thanks for sharing ❤❤❤
  15. @gabzilla90: Tha is great but ain’t no MF way I’m eating food that’s 3+ days old. Hell nah. I’d ether cook everyday.
  16. @BrittanyTuttle-ln6ou: Thank you so much! Trying to start my Journey today, and this is the first video I came across. Can't wait to try it!
  17. @analysiacontreras3550: I also have a Dat A$z car freshener 😂
  18. @joyw.7829: Don’t like your language!
  19. @Wendyscoloringbooks: Finally something realistic for my lazy self
  20. @pammcdougald53: Language please🙏

- ✨BUDGET FRIENDLY✨high protein meal prep ideas | healthy & easy recipes: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] hey down inside of my heart there is this great big gap there is this great big hole I'm missing you so hello so as you can see we've just gone grocery shopping today is going to be a I mean You' probably already seen it by the title but budget friendly meal prep ideas that are healthy and high protein if you don't have the basics nailed down can seem like you can't have it all you know but I'm telling you that you can you can have it all uh we've just gone to the shops and got myself some ingredients so for all these recipes I'm trying to give you some variety like depending on how much of a budget you are on feel free to only make a few of these like if for example I have like three different sauces that I'm going to be making today if you don't have like all the ingredients for all of them then just only make one you know I am just giving you some variety just in case okay anyways let's get to it shall we okay so we're starting off with our carbs because that takes the longest to cook I've got my pre-rinsed rice right here so instead of just having boing white rice just cooked in water I am actually going to be cooking it in some broth so this is an optional step depending again on your budget level so broth is not that expensive usually it's on sale anyways I've already actually kind of made my own it just kind of enhances and deepens the flavor making your budget meal a little bit more exciting we're just going to let that cook and get a nice and fluffy so you don't don't need super fancy white rice either I literally am using the Cole's long grain rice this is the home brand cheapest version you know of rice that you can get changing up the way that you cook it adding a little bit more flavor can't even tell the difference honestly between this and premium rice e next up we have our verelli rice noodles this is just a nice little cheap carb option that if you are strapped for time this right here is your best friend all you need to do is literally pop them into a bowl and cover them with boiling water and then cover it with a lid after about 2 minutes you're going to drain and rinse it with some cold water until the water runs clear and then pop it into your container and voila there you go that's it one of my most favorite underrated things to have is frozen veggies because and specifically one that has a lot of variety and includes vegetables that you actually like for example I always get the Chinese stir fry version because it's got little baby corn M uh it's got green beans broccoli carrots for example I'm not the biggest fan of like green peas so if you don't like that then don't don't get it you know what I mean it was only $5 $5 something all right for this entire bag so if you are not partial to the frozen veggies that's fine you can get whatever veggie is in season right now so zucchini right now was only 3.90 per kilo so I got a bunch um I stored half of it in the fridge as you saw and then I'm going to meal prep half of it right now cooked zucchini does not keep very well in the fridge I will show you both versions you could do both you could do either or I'll to you here's up to you all right so obviously you can choose either or I'm just showing you for Content sake just in case you're a frozen veggie kind of guy or gal or a fresh veggie kind of guy or gal to add a little boost of flavor I am just going to air fry them really quickly if you don't have an air fryer obviously you can just oven bake them and roast them so just with a little bit of olive oil and some seasoning my go-to seasoning is always going to be paprika and mixed herbs and olive oil and a bit of salt that is pretty much it and you can never go wrong so right now I'm just going to show you a couple of options that you can use as your veggies or sides so we're going to start off with using carrots carrots are actually always I feel like a cheap veggie option so I'm going to steam half a bag of carrots as you saw and then I'm going to Julian the other half so I'm basically making a homemade klaa you could for sure buy a bag of klaa if you're more budgeting your time rather than your finances however I just find that like making your own number one is a lot cheaper and a lot more fresh and tastier so I am just going to Julian carrots and then cucumbers we're going to toss that into a bowl you can use whatever seasoning that you want in my last video I literally just used whole grain mustard and that was it you can use Sriracha mayo I'm just using whatever I have on hand which is a balsamic vinegar so you just want something with maybe a little punch of acidity you're going to mix that all together and then store it in airtight container and voila okay so we made this carrot puree in one of my last videos I think it was my last what I eaten video so make sure to check that out we've got the carrots all right as you saw they're nice and soft so we are basically going to be recreating the same carrot puree this is just such an easy way of getting in nutrients it's a sauce on its own actually so the only difference is that we are actually going to be adding in some white beans you even see the white beans so this little can right here contains 9.2 gam of protein per serve and there are two servings in here so this whole entire thing contains almost 20 gram of protein so we're going to add that whole thing in so that's just a really really easy way of increasing the protein intake and actually making it a little bit more creamy so so we're going to blend that all up with budget friendly recipes that you don't want to be boring you want as much variety as possible so that's why I feel personally like it's worth getting some kind of pickled something these are pickled onions you could do sour cow you could do kimchi one Hack That I Found is always using the juice it's saturated with like all that hangy goodness that's going to basically add your acidity we're just going to finish blending that up okay let's do the all important taste test m m this is the the bowl that I basically used to mix up all the cucumber and carrot so it's kind of got the residual seasoning that is two cans of tuna 185 G each so basically almost 400 G of tuna goes into that bowl we're going to add in the rest of that caramelized onion from earlier then we're going to add in this masaman curry paste so basically this is actually only two 3ish dollar we're just going to flavor that up with some of the mamin paste this is definitely optional you're going to want like maybe like 2 tablespoons of that then you're going to mix that all up excellent now you can leave that as is or one egg into it all it is going to do is just like help bind it together a little bit so now essentially we are going to just pany them okay so we were only able to make five here but you could definitely make them a little bit smaller and make six so that it's either you have three per serving or two per serving depending on how much protein you're wanting out of this meal want okay let's get ready to assemble we're going to start off with a block of Frozen rice and some of those roasted veggies and then we're just going to add some of the tuna patties on top just take the whole thing with you to work and uh by the time you get to work the rice will be defrosted you just need to pop it in the microwave it's good to go second option is going to be some of the rice noodles and more of the roasted veggies this time we're adding some chicken and then I'm just going to add some of that miso dressing just so that the noodles can get some flavor option number three we're going to go again with the rice noodles this is a really good option for those who are Tim strapped and you just ain't got time to roast some veggies you know so I literally just pop my frozen veggies into the Container just like that add your protein add a little bit sauce by the time you get to work the frozen veggies are going to be defrosted and you can just pop in the microwave and they're good to go you definitely need a little bit of sauce otherwise the meal is going to be a little bit boring and now we're going on to meal number four which is again some of that Rice we're going to add some of that puree that kind of acts like a sauce as well now I use these big cans of tuna because as you can see one can has 16.6 grams with two servings per can so in total you're getting above 30 grams per meal this is actually incredibly filling so my go-to sauce if you are seriously on a budget this is probably the best investment which is the Cy Sriracha mayo I put it on everything I literally put it on my salads I put it on my rice I put it on my tuna just like so however because I already have that dressing that we made earlier I'm just going to add that now I'm just going to add some of that pickled onion because we need a little bit of uh tang and I'm just going to add some green veggies and that's it that is the most satisfying filling lunch I was absolutely stuffed after this m finally we are done we effectively made two sources of carbs three sources of protein three sauces and three sides I lost count and I had to make a coffee Midway through it has been a super dreary day today so I'm sorry if the lighting was a little bit dark but yeah there was like literally no sun actually only 4:45 and it looks like it's nighttime so yay winter anyways I really really hope that these ideas have inspired you eating healthy can be done on a budget so obviously you can cater this to whatever level of budget that you have but yeah cheers to you here's to health oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @TeddyFerazier [2 likes]: You put in a lot of effort, respect.
  2. @BssyHy [1 likes]: I came in clueless and left feeling like a professor.
  3. @BridgetAnderson-d1r: That twist was unexpected!
  4. @whtapp--...4734: This is the most engaging tutorial I’ve ever seen!
  5. @becomingAngelic: thanks for the ideas, love  it.
  6. @BabliMishra-z7t: I’m absolutely energized after watching this!
  7. @sergioalbertoteixeirateixe8623: good video
  8. @tarynahiquiana5398: More of this please❤
  9. @Ana-Banana73: A rice cooker is not only the best tool for cooking rice but also for reheating rice. Also,  one pot rice cooker recipes
  10. @SafeerMunaf-y8c: This kind of content deserves millions of views!
  11. @Maybe_or_not_olivia: I am not far in the video yet, so this might be mentioned later, but I have found that having stock powder just in the cupboard (which makes sooo much stock and is only a couple of dollars) is a really easy way to cook flavoursome rice! It doesn’t really go off and you can have a variety of flavours ready and waiting. I usually just eyeball a small spoonful and put it directly into the rice and water when I put it on the stove top to cook.
  12. @RancelSaam: This made my brain happy.
  13. @SherrySumba: This is going straight to my favorites.
  14. @BaoLe-i7v: Wow, I never knew that.
  15. @DanisaBernabel: That twist was unexpected!
  16. @kironelda: This was put together so well.
  17. @sanderffunking4657: Super informative, learned a lot.
  18. @loriageela: This was better than Netflix today.
  19. @ErinMyers-m1o: Thanks for putting this together.
  20. @dimheh: So funny, love it!

- 30 minute high protein MEAL PREP | easy meals for the week: Kind: captions Language: en hey girls welcome back to my channel so you might know I lost 45 lbs but you probably don't realize how important meal prep was to help me lose weight fast if you're like me you probably thought meal prepping means hours in the kitchen and boring bland food and it took me a year but I figured out a way to make meal prepping super easy so I can get it done in 30 minutes and have delicious tasting high protein meals I want to help make eating healthy super easy for you so I'm going to share a breakfast lunch dinner and a snack recipe plus this week I am giving away my Guiltless nutrition guide and recipe ebook to one of my subscribers this is loaded with 130 recipes and everything you need to know about eating healthy to help you on your meal prep Journey so I'll share more on how to win that later if you're trying to eat healthier or lose weight I literally made this video for you go ahead and hit that like button that tells me what you want more of and helps other women find our community and if you're new here be sure to subscribe to my channel so you never miss any of my weekly videos to help you on your health and fitness journey for my weekly subscriber giveaway all you have have to do to enter to win each week is be subscribed and drop a comment down below I randomly pick a winner every week and I'll share it over in our post channel right there so if you're on the fence about meal prepping or you're just getting started with it one thing that I always tell women and something that really helped me when I finally figured it out was honestly just following the batchet rule and basically that is the most easy way to have some healthy meals prep so anytime you are cooking a meal instead of just cooking the amount you need for that dinner double the recipe whatever you're doing just double it so you at least have one more healthy meal for the week Beyond that the next easiest thing is just to start with one meal a day whatever is like the hardest for you to prep if you feel like you're always grabbing lunch out or ordering takeout for dinner and you know those calories are adding up choose one meal for the week start with 5 days and just prep that one that'll keep it really easy but the second tip that I think is the most helpful as far as like a guide for how to even start meal prepping is to follow my two three 2 method so the 232 method is basically picking two proteins three starches and two different vegetables that you can mix and matched throughout the week I have so many other videos where I share exactly how to do this I'll give you a little simpit of that today but after this definitely go check that out if you ready to like fully dive into your meal prep before I show you all these Dem recipes I have two more tips the third one is to season simply some days you might have a Teriyaki Bowl prepped and you feel like having a taco bowl so I'm going to show you what I do to really season it simply and then how in the moment I'm able to make those switches to have exactly the flavor I want and my fourth tip the thing that I really learned that took me so long to figure out when I was meal prepping was that you need to do the worst first and this actually applies for cooking anything even just like a random breakfast whatever is the worst meaning it's going to take the longest takes the most time to prep you got to scrub it and peel it or whatever do that first that's going to really help you save time and make your meal prep go way faster it's time to get into the prep but one of the coolest things about all the recipes I'm going to share with you guys is that if you were to eat this as an entire day like breakfast lunch dinner snack this would be about a 140 gam of protein so perfect amount of protein for most of us women and low calorie or in a calorie deficit so if weight loss is one of your goals this is a great meal plan to get you started I said we do the worst first and sweet potatoes I love they're one of my staple starches but they definitely are kind of more of a paint I personally don't peel my sweet potatoes mostly because one I don't want to it takes more time and you actually do get a lot of good nutrients from them but I am going to clean these guys up because they hold on to a lot of [Music] dirt all right so the sweet potatoes are chopped I normally will do this in the air fryer because the air fryer is going to cook a little bit faster but we just have this brand new beautiful oven now that we've remodeled the kitchen and I feel guilty not using it so I'm going to pop these in the oven at about 42 five while I do everything else when we redid the kitchen one thing I decided to try to do before I restocked it was swap out a lot of like my pots and pans and cookware and stuff for non-toxic stuff so I just got like all this care away like my cutting boards and my knives and pans and I feel like one it's obviously really really pretty so that's nice but I do feel like better knowing that hopefully it's having some small impact on my overall hormonal Health too I'm just going to use a little avocado oil spray so I like this cuz it doesn't have aerosol it's just the avocado oil but it helps use a little bit less than if you're trying to like drizzle the whole thing on there and I'm going to do a pinch of sea salt I'm going to wait to do any like Pepper or anything till later but the salt's going to help it cook a little bit couple pinches that sweet potato is going to be for our dinner which is this like Savory delicious freaking Beef Bowl that's gone viral everywhere and I'm going to show you guys how easy it is to make it and prep it for the week but breakfast we're going to be doing a Scramble for lunch I have this yummy Turkey Bowl and then we have the best snack that can also double as a dessert so I'll share all those but I'm going to get some of the meats going they don't take that long cuz I'm using ground Meats but I just like to get them cooked and out of the way as well as my broccoli which also will take a sec for our breakfast meal I'm going to do an egg white and turkey sausage scrap scamble with some broccoli this one's great obviously cooking eggs does not take a lot of time it takes probably less than 5 minutes in the morning meal prepping it ahe just makes it so much easier to throw it in the microwave heat it up so I'm just going to take four of these little sausages and I'm going to cut them into little pieces these are my favorite they're just Applegate turkey sausage very simple but good sorts of protein and I know a lot of frozen foods can be higher in sodium but I'm not that worried about it cuz I don't add that much salt as I'm cooking most of the time and if you're not eating out a a lot we actually often times are low in salt so a lot of people have sodium deficiencies and we need that and then the cool thing with these scrambles is you can add whatever you want if you have frozen veggies you want to put in the mix you can totally do that I'm going to throw this into the pan first so it gets a little softened I put my broccoli in the microwave already so that is good to go I'll start getting those cooked together and then add the egg whites and show you kind of how I portion that out [Applause] now that breakfast is on I'm going to show you guys how I actually start putting these recipes together so you can do meal prep two different ways if you are someone who works from home and you like to just have everything available and throw it together these recipes are going to be so helpful cuz you'll know exactly what to do with all your ingredients or you can actually take them put them in the containers all built out so you can just grab them and run out the door either way doing prep like this is going to make it so easy to have those healthy high protein meals when you're short on time this is a meal that I have eaten so many days throughout my weight loss journey and maintaining that 45 lb weight loss because it keeps you so full so the broccoli is full of fiber it's really important to make sure you're getting those veggies in really well cooked though cuz as hypo girls can't do raw broccoli those chicken sausage and then the egg whites with some eggs and the reason I mix it is just so I get a lot of protein without adding too much fat eggs are a perfect protein they have all theine essential amino acids they are great but they're not necessarily a high high protein protein food there only 6 g of protein per egg so egg whites you're getting all that protein really and this is my secret weapon to just make meal prepping really easy now I know cooking in plastic is not great when I was just talking about hormonal balance but if you're short on time if you don't want to meal prep your Rices or quino you can get them cooked in boxes whatever I'm just going to stick this in the microwave it's going to go with our Turkey Bowl and then I'll start throwing everything together from the chickens you're right the chickens the chickens are at Kiki's house okay so I'm going to do about a half a cup you can always measure this out half a cup or so of the rice it's going to be our base and then 5 oz of the ground turkey which is about a measured cup so you can always measure this out weigh it out if you're being really careful to make sure you're getting exact portions and this whole meal and this whole bowl is going to be about 42 g of protein that in there I usually have three different vegetables that I'm mixing between lettuces and broccoli and green beans or something else but this is like the most simplified version you guys so we're just going to use the broccoli we used in my other meal if you have other veggies and you want to use those go for it this is why I say season simple because right now you're like Katie that seems pretty boring it's some rice some ground turkey that I saw you barely seasoned with a tiny bit of paprika and broccoli but yes now when I go to eat this bowl I'm going to top it with salsa I'm going to put a little avocado on it some hot sauce and have a delicious like taco turkey power bowl that is going to be everything I need to have a healthy balanced lunch on the go this third recipe you guys you're going to be obsessed with it it might sound weird so bear with me it is one that has gone viral all over the place you maybe have seen this and it's one of those things I'm like I've made this for years I never thought to like share this specific one I don't know why and I should have but fine we're catching up so you're going to love this one it's such a great way to get high protein and I promise you even if you think it sounds weird you need to try it let's grab our sweet potatoes oo you guys we cooked my first thing together in our new oven these are like perfect sweet potatoes all right so at dinner I like to usually use more of my vegetable starches versus having say hasta or a bunch of rice I'll sometimes do that carbs are good at night in the sense that they can actually help lower your cortisol levels but I feel like sometimes if I have those heavier starchier carbs I just don't digest them as well so I like if I'm going to have carbs to stick with like my veggie ones so I just put like a nice layer it's about a cup of sweet potato on the bottom one small sweet potato decent amount of carb tons of fiber Perfection again I'm going to use my measur drink cup to get about 4 or 5 oz of ground beef this time party scoop there we're going to add some cottage cheese now if I was making this for dinner at home and if I package this what I would do is dump this onto a bed of lettuce so that you get your greens you have all of that in there cuz I always want you to have some type of vegetable or greens but for taking it like to go this is the easiest so the greens don't get soggy and you can have hot meat you can always heat up your cottage cheese it's going to get like really melty in there cottage cheese is such a good source of protein you're going to put about a half a cup which is basically this whole small container actually of the cottage cheese right in here when you go to eat it you're going to add those greens you're going to add some avocado and I'm going to show you what I've been adding I've seen this when it's gone viral with like hot honey which coolcept then you're adding a bunch of sugar so not necessarily sticking to my like lower calorie super healthy high protein meal so instead I'm going to use a little buffalo sauce this is the Primal kitchen one I love them cuz they're like really clean they don't add sugars to them so you're just going to take this do whatever kind of little drizzle you want again then add on that avocado and you have one of the most delicious dinners you can possibly find moving on to our final meal dessert like I said this is one that has been a staple in my 45lb weight loss journey in maintaining I lost 5 lbs of fat this year in the last like 6 months and gained 5 lbs of muscle by sticking to the meals of my hot body plan sticking to meals like this and always having the snack or dessert in the mix but it's one that Ryan has been like Ultra addicted to so I'm actually going to make him literally on the treadmill right now I'm going to go get him and make him come in here and show you how it's done with me okay I got him if you are someone who is a late night snacker this is going to be your new best friend it is what kind of saved me especially when I had those late night cravings in the beginning of my weight loss Journey those tend to fade once you kind of get in the routine which protein do you normally use I like vanilla because I like to put some blueberries in but the peanut butter actually works really well too so you could go e you I mean you could do chocolate you can do any of them really you could do any of them I do vanilla most though if you're a chocolatey girl you know what else you could do is if you're going to have this at night not for a snack which this is a great snack too but if you're doing it at night you could also do chocolate and then you could do slumber party if you needed like a little help sleep a good idea put the scale the bowl and we're going to do 200 g of yogurt this is for me you don't have to do too many I'm going to give you the girl normal portions for people 3/4 of a cup of yogurt there we go so we're going to do the non-fat Greek yogurt here's the thing if you just do the nonfat Greek yogurt and then you mix the protein in it's going to be a little bit pasty it's not because of the protein it's because of the yogurt it's just thick so we have a fix for that I'm going to do one scoop of the lsf protein so the vanilla that's 20 g of protein right here all right so one scoop right in the bowl once you start mixing this up you'll realize that's kind of a lot of powder not enough yogurt what do you do a little bit of water so I put like a decent amount of water in like almost cover up the yogurt when you add the water you get more of a texture like you're not using Greek yogurt like you're using a you know just regular yeah because Greek yogurt's so thick it's super high in protein obviously which is why I always recommend Greek yogurt so we're obviously doing this for meal prep so I'm also going to add a tablespoon of Chia at the bottom now it's like super creamy I'm just going to drop this on you want to Cent your here be my Vana drop this in it's probably a little bit more than I would normally have actually about right and then you can add your fruit now or later like you might as well add it in a nice little handful of Blue Blues We Now call them okay so then the chia's going to get a little soaked in that so they'll start getting the gelatinous part around them it's amazing it's high in protein and fiber you can mix it all up when you go to eat it but I would let this sit overnight but you also get a little bit of a crunch with the Chia you can throw some granola on top if you have like a homemade or low sugar granola but it's just an easy way to get all that protein in and what I like is that I'm full at the end of the night I feel super content and I don't have any cravings for like a sweet treat or anything cuz this is super sweet tasting and also good for you and great protein boom all right girls I hope you like seeing this easy high protein meal prep if you did make sure you hit the like button and comment down below let me know which one of these recipes you are definitely going to try and also what you struggle with the most when it comes to meal prep so I can make sure to make more videos specifically to help you oh and don't forget to drop a comment and check over in the post channel to see if you won this week's weekly subscriber giveaway I love you all so much I'll see you soon bye everything will probably go in and out

  Top Comments:
  1. @elainebreach2298: Brijjiant 
2:01
  2. @breannawilliamson9787: I love this but Primal Kitchen always tastes disgusting 😂
  3. @hedror1: I want to learn from buying to prepping
  4. @monicasaenz3641: Yum ❤! Recipes look amazing!
  5. @kkgcustomdesign: I’ve tried everything, hope this work.
  6. @vasquezfamily7071: This is very helpful information 😊I am learning how to cook for my daughter 😊high protein meals 🎉
  7. @nievachristine2845: New subscriber here! Love your videos!
  8. @saraazain2406: Thank you for these videos
  9. @tonyashaw9378: I just started watching your videos and I’m hooked. You make everything so simple that even I feel like I can pull this off. Wish me luck!
  10. @SV-cc7bt: I’m so excited!! This will help me get to my goal!!
  11. @barbaraalley8820: I absolutely love all of these ideas for meals
  12. @sharonguillera981: I enjoyed you are very knowledgeable
  13. @lindabarber2536: I would like to know if the sausage that you put in the breakfast as preservatives and additives as this is something I am trying to avoid.
  14. @loriejones6050: You have the best ideas ever. This is definitely doable!!❤❤❤
  15. @loriejones6050: Love your videos!! Best I’ve ever found
  16. @lindakp5792: Will be trying all these meal preps to get back on track!
  17. @ja5034: I absolutely love these videos thank you so much for the ideas and encouragement
  18. @dianehitesinsurance: Love the dessert
  19. @esteeb42: What is the liquid that you added to the broccoli and egg white, turkey sausage when prepping...thankyou
  20. @monicamerlucci7100: Always love these videos thank you. ❤

- Are You Eating Enough Protein for Your Age & Goals? Women’s Optimal Protein Intake Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Let's bring protein into the conversation because in the past decades we've heard a lot about carbohydrate, low carb, high carb, fat, low fat, highfat, but protein's kind of been out of the conversation until recently. There's a lot of confusion right now about what is optimal for protein. We're hearing people push on the upwards of 3 1/2 g per kilogram, which is about 1.8 g per pound. We also hear people say no 50 gram of protein total per day for women is adequate. It's actually somewhere in between because if we look at the recommended daily allowance right now we see it's around8 kilo g of body weight. And that I want people to understand is the bare minimum that you need to consume to prevent malnutrition. When we're looking at an active individual as well as an active aging individual, we need more. When we bring our sex differences into effect, we see that women age differently than men in the fact that we have perry and postmenopause. Men age in a linear fashion. Women have a really specific point in their lives where all of a sudden their bodies responding differently. Why I'm bringing that up is because as we get older, our bodies, both men and women, become more resistant to the growth effects of protein and growth effects of exercise. So we need to look at dosing more of both. So for women as we get into our 40s onward, we are looking more at that 1 g to 1.2 g of protein per pound of body weight, which sits around that 2 to 2.2 g per kilo. When we're looking at women who are in their reproductive years, 18 to about 35 to 40, 1.6 six gram per kilogram or hitting about that.9 g per pound is the bare minimum that you want to have if you're an active individual. Of course, in times where you're trying to build through strength training, you're going to increase your protein. So, when we're looking at protein and protein effects, it's not just about building muscle and maintaining lean mass. There is a critical component of the amino acids of protein that go to help with bone and bone density. We also see amino acids are important for neurotransmitters, for nerve conduction, for so many other functions within the body. So, if we're low in protein, then we're going to have systemic effects that we might not notice right away, but down the line, there's definitely an impact, especially when it comes to brain, bone, and muscle health. I think two of the biggest things to take away from protein and the intake capacity is we've neglected it for so long and it's really difficult for so many women to wrap their heads around increasing protein and protein needs but the longer term effect of maintaining just that RDA is the face that we have of osteopenia cognitive decline cycopenia so if we start earlier by increasing our total protein intake and managing that intake across the day. We're going to have a stronger skeletal system, a stronger muscularkeeletal system, and a better brain health. If we start looking at increasing our protein intake from that8 g per pound, trying to eat our way up to at least 1 g per pound, but ideally 1.2 to 1.3 g per pound. Because lifestyle and life phase can affect how much protein you need from puberty, pregnancy, reproductive years, pmenopause, post-menopause. It's hard to condense it all into one short YouTube segment. I will refer you to the position stand we wrote with the International Society of Sport Nutrition last year on the female athlete that actually encompasses all the lifespan and how much protein you need across the day as well as pre and post exercise. So many people think that getting that one gram per pound of body weight in protein is really difficult. But if we pay attention, it's really not that difficult. We can look at how do we get 30 to 40 g at each meal, maybe 15 to 20 at each snack, and what the quality of that protein is. So if you're feeling overwhelmed with increasing protein, make small steps over the next 3 weeks. Increase your protein from what you're having now to trying to hit that 1 g per pound. is very achievable, but it does take some steps to get used to thinking about protein and putting it on your plate. So, if you have any questions, shoot them in the comments below. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @laurieschlueb5149 [3 likes]: Dr. Sims, can you speak to how 1-1.2g protein/lbs promotes or prevents chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and cancer? Also, kidney health. In my nutrition classes, we've learned that that amount of protein promotes disease, especially when protein is sourced from animals. Most Americans eat animal-based protein, especially when they are suddenly trying to increase their protein intake. Even more so if they are paying attention to number of carbs and trying to keep those the same or of minimal increase. Aside from high levels of protein promoting disease, getting 30-40g protein/meal (from meat and dairy) often means eating fewer nutrient dense foods containing antioxidants, vitamins, minerals, etc. which further promotes the likelihood of disease. Can you please cite the longterm, peer-reviewed research that proves 1-1.2g of protein helps prevent chronic disease or at least is benign? Thank you.
  2. @carolabraham9629 [1 likes]: I had no idea that I needed more protein in my diet! My doctor never took the time to educate me about this stage of life and the issues and how I can improve. They are concerned about weight but never discuss menopause. Thanks so much for sharing and making a difference ❤
  3. @blue.joce... [1 likes]: in France.Recommendation is protein .8 g/Kg, when under 60, but as you get older you must increase to 1.2 g /Kg or more if an athlete. That is far lower than that crazy amount some american doctors advise!!! I have an athlete friend in France 75 y old who climbs mountains here in the Alps, tall and lean and muscular. He eats less protein than recommended by american doctors . i admire his intellect too. It seems to me the american Dr Li NOW advises about the same amounts as in Europe . 
I'm 72 , 1.55 m,  48 ks and eat about 55 gr of protein /day, but that is really difficult on my digestive system🙃 . Moreover, measuring the grams of protein in each food is quite a challenge, about 20 gr in a 100 gr steak . So my thought is 'do ppl count right?, Or wrong and get to be obese?' 😶 My Dr told me too much protein is hard on the kidneys, so we have to be careful.
It would be nice to hear from you, Dr Sims.
  4. @SashaBoops: I leurn more by seeing. so please show meals
  5. @JennyPritchard-m6g: Should we keep away from sugar
  6. @dulcereyes4973: Thankyou ❤Thankyou
  7. @TheEFTCoach: Ok but if you're a small woman, so doable. But when you're looking at eating 175-200g of protein a day? It's a lot! It's hard. 😮
  8. @fruitfullynourishing: This is true. Unfortunately, I just can't eat 1 gram of protein. I used to before gastritis.
  9. @wuttupg: Can you please clarify how many grams of protein apply to someone who's obese and trying to lose weight?
  10. @Ulysseiou: Our bodies can only utilize so much protein before turning it into fats and carbohydrates. How do we find the individual number that our body can successfully utilize? Your advice seems excessive.
  11. @SeaEarthSky: Hi Stacy, wonderful video & information as always, thank you 🙏 ...... Can you please advise how a vegetarian who's about 240 lbs can eat 314grams of protein daily (initially & then reduce as the weight comes off)? For women who want to loose weight, reverse diabetes, improve muscle, bones, brain, heart function, etc.? Can you please advise? Be wonderful if you could bring out some Mediterranean recipie books that have different protein options for the various eating options, e.g. vegan, vegetarian, keto 800 cal, keto, pescitarian, meat eaters, for each recipe, might that be possible? Thank you so much what your doing for women & women's health, wellbeing, longevity, independance, & so on. Greatly appreciated 🙏
  12. @anursesgarden: I am 59 years old and Post menopausal. I have been postmenopause for at least 5 years and have just recently started on HRT. I am still over 200 lb Even though I have recently lost about 30 lb. How can I take in over 200 g of protein without taking in so many calories that I will not lose weight?
  13. @StefanyMariani: What protein powder do you use?
  14. @tierra557: i love this lady
  15. @Frogman125: All protein is not equal.  Plant protein is not complete (amino acids) and is contained into the plant fiber, which you can not digest, thus can't access it.  Meat, eggs, fish, chicken.  Look up protein synthesis rates of proteins.  Don't eat soy, ever.  Wake up ladies, eat plants, survive, eat meat, thrive.
  16. @katiecramer4031: what would a post menopausal woman who is obese and just had gastric sleeve and just started strength training, need in protein... I'm 288 and obviously I can't eat 288 grams of protein
  17. @fionaglidden5954: Hi Stacy, thanks for getting your messages out! I am 59, 6 foot tall, weigh 88kg and am vegan. I weight lift 4 x week, also do 2 x RPM bike classes, yoga x 1, Body Balance x 2, Pilates x1 and walk my dog 2 x day. So I'm quite active. I'm also on an oestrogen blocker following breast cancer and am osteopenic due to chemotherapy. I'm finding it very hard to lose weight and I find it impossible to get enough protein: 2g x 88kg = 176 g protein!!! I currently take soy protein powder vanilla and raw, can't stand the flavour of pea, several times a day, up to 120 g. I'm a bit concerned as the vanilla is sweetened, they say naturally with monk fruit but I mix it with raw 1:1. I would so appreciate any recommendations. Thank you Fiona x
  18. @TheTastefulCupboard: Hello! This is so helpful, thank you! What is recommended for men across their ages? I think they would also need greater than the RDA, but would appreciate your perspective and recommended resources on this. Thank you!
  19. @N.F.L.A.G: You ever stumble into something by accident and think… wait, this is weirdly perfect for me? Yeah, that just happened with this video. I’m not saying the universe hand-delivered it, but I’m also not wasting this random blessing. Anyway… I subscribed. End of story 😅
  20. @aprilbatty8369: I’m over 40 and 160-192 grams of protein seems so difficult to get in a calorie deficit. I’m currently getting around 120-130 grans and most days that’s a struggle. Seems so overwhelming.

- What Happens To Your Body on High Protein Diet: Kind: captions Language: en Are you ready to instantly lose&nbsp; weight, gain muscle, and live longer?&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, no matter what anyone says, there is no&nbsp; miracle diet that can do these things for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Staying healthy is a balance between eating&nbsp; the right foods and being active. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; a high protein diet may be a good place to&nbsp; start. There are a lot of positive things&nbsp;&nbsp; that eating protein can do for your body. But&nbsp; too much protein can cause some nasty side&nbsp;&nbsp; effects. How much is too much? And does it matter&nbsp; where your protein comes from? Let’s find out. Proteins are arguably the most&nbsp; important molecules in your body.&nbsp;&nbsp; They make up your cells, allow your body to carry&nbsp; out essential functions, and without protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’d die. There are over 80,000&nbsp; different proteins in the human body,&nbsp;&nbsp; and each one has a function. In fact, proteins&nbsp; make up around 20% of your entire body. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it should come as no surprise that consuming&nbsp; enough protein is vital to your survival. Proteins are made up of smaller molecules called&nbsp; amino acids that are joined together and aligned&nbsp;&nbsp; in unique ways to create different shapes.&nbsp; The crazy thing is out of the 21 amino acids&nbsp;&nbsp; used by the human body to make proteins; there&nbsp; are 9 that can’t be synthesized by your cells.&nbsp;&nbsp; This means the only way to get them is by eating&nbsp; foods that have these amino acids stored in them. Which foods contain the amino acids and proteins&nbsp; I need to stay alive, you may be wondering.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don’t worry; The Infographics Show&nbsp; has got you covered. We will tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; exactly where to find the protein your body&nbsp; so desperately craves later on in the video. Let’s start with the basics. When you eat&nbsp; something, your body tears it apart, breaks&nbsp;&nbsp; it down, and then circulates the molecules and&nbsp; nutrients contained within the food around your&nbsp;&nbsp; body so that your cells can get what they need.&nbsp; For example, if you eat a slice of pork belly,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fats, proteins, and other molecules&nbsp; that are contained within the piece of meat&nbsp;&nbsp; don’t go straight to your belly. Instead, the meat&nbsp; is broken down in the stomach and intestines, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the individual nutrients get circulated to every&nbsp; part of your body via your circulatory system. Therefore, we eat to provide our bodies&nbsp; with the molecules necessary to function&nbsp;&nbsp; and keep us alive. And proteins are one&nbsp; of the most important molecules of all.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, how much protein should you actually be&nbsp; eating? And what does it do to your body? Everyone’s body is different, which means that&nbsp; everyone's daily intake of protein will need to&nbsp;&nbsp; be different to provide the optimum effect.&nbsp; Researchers suggest that the average male&nbsp;&nbsp; should consume around 56 grams of protein per&nbsp; day while females should have approximately 46&nbsp;&nbsp; grams of protein each day. However, since&nbsp; everyone is a different size and weight,&nbsp;&nbsp; there may be a better way to calculate&nbsp; how much protein you should be eating. You should be consuming around .365 grams of&nbsp; protein a day for every pound you weigh. An easier&nbsp;&nbsp; way to think about this is for every 10 pounds of&nbsp; body weight; you should eat 3.65 grams of protein.&nbsp;&nbsp; This means if you weigh 150 pounds, you should&nbsp; eat around 55 grams of protein throughout your&nbsp;&nbsp; day. However, this is just a baseline. People who&nbsp; are more active will need to consume more protein&nbsp;&nbsp; to maintain or build their muscle mass. But these&nbsp; calculations are a good baseline to start with. Surprisingly, there is still a decent amount of&nbsp; debate within the scientific and medical community&nbsp;&nbsp; on how much protein someone should&nbsp; actually consume in a 24 hour period.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some experts put the number twice&nbsp; as high as previously mentioned,&nbsp;&nbsp; but more research still needs to&nbsp; be done to justify these numbers. Regardless of what the exact amount of&nbsp; protein a person should consume is, there&nbsp;&nbsp; is an even more important question. What does&nbsp; the protein you eat physically do to your body? Since proteins play a vital role in many life&nbsp; functions and literally make up the cells&nbsp;&nbsp; in your body, a better question might be: what&nbsp; don’t proteins do? There are definitely a number&nbsp;&nbsp; of noticeable effects that a high-protein diet&nbsp; can have on your overall health and physiology. Scientists have found that high-protein&nbsp; diets end up reducing your appetite.&nbsp;&nbsp; A number of studies revealed that out of all the&nbsp; nutrients you consume on a daily basis, protein is&nbsp;&nbsp; the one that makes you feel full the fastest.&nbsp; The reason for this is that protein reduces&nbsp;&nbsp; the amount of a hormone called ghrelin in your&nbsp; body. Ghrelin is one of the molecules that tells&nbsp;&nbsp; your brain that you’re hungry. Therefore, the less&nbsp; ghrelin in your system, the less hungry you feel. Protein also boosts the levels of peptide&nbsp; YY, which signals the body that it’s full.&nbsp;&nbsp; With the reduction of ghrelin and the increase of&nbsp; peptide YY, the body feels nutritionally satisfied&nbsp;&nbsp; much sooner than you would with a low-protein&nbsp; meal. This reduces the urge to overeat,&nbsp;&nbsp; which in turn can help you&nbsp; lose weight and stay healthier. In a study conducted at the University&nbsp; of Washington School of Medicine,&nbsp;&nbsp; people who increased the number of calories&nbsp; they consumed from a protein source from 15%&nbsp;&nbsp; to 30% ate around 441 fewer calories per day than&nbsp; someone on a lower-protein diet. The craziest part&nbsp;&nbsp; was that the people in the study were&nbsp; allowed to eat as much as they wanted.&nbsp;&nbsp; The group that increased their protein intake&nbsp; just felt fuller quicker, so they ate less.&nbsp;&nbsp; What this implies is that subbing out foods that&nbsp; are higher in fats, sugars, and carbohydrates&nbsp;&nbsp; for meat or high protein veggies might make&nbsp; you feel more satisfied with fewer calories. Along with suppressing appetite, high protein&nbsp; diets can help you lose weight in another way. High protein intake has been&nbsp; shown to increase metabolism,&nbsp;&nbsp; at least for a short period of time. Even as you&nbsp; eat, your body is using energy to break down the&nbsp;&nbsp; food and circulate the nutrients to your vital&nbsp; organs and muscles. The energy expended and the&nbsp;&nbsp; increase in metabolic rate to aid in digestion&nbsp; is called the thermic effect of food or TEF. The interesting thing is that protein has a much&nbsp; higher thermic effect than most other types of&nbsp;&nbsp; molecules like carbohydrates or fats. Studies&nbsp; have shown that by eating high protein foods,&nbsp;&nbsp; your thermic effect can increase by 5 to&nbsp; 15 percent more than consuming food with&nbsp;&nbsp; little or no protein. What this means&nbsp; is that your body has to work harder&nbsp;&nbsp; to break down protein than other molecules. This&nbsp; causes you to use more energy during digestion&nbsp;&nbsp; while simultaneously increasing your metabolism. All of these factors combined can cause your&nbsp; body to burn 80 to 100 more calories a day&nbsp;&nbsp; just from eating. And this might be a&nbsp; conservative number. One study showed&nbsp;&nbsp; that a group of people eating a high protein&nbsp; diet burned on average 260 calories more per day&nbsp;&nbsp; than a group of people on a low protein diet.&nbsp; This is the equivalent of the amount of energy&nbsp;&nbsp; expended from a moderate workout session. Who&nbsp; knew that eating could be such a good exercise? And speaking of working out, protein is&nbsp; literally the building block for all your&nbsp;&nbsp; muscles. So, does eating more protein&nbsp; correlate to increased muscle size? Not exactly. However, increasing the amount of&nbsp; protein in your diet will impact your muscles&nbsp;&nbsp; in a number of different ways. Eating more&nbsp; protein does not necessarily build more muscle,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it does help maintain muscle mass and&nbsp; promote growth. If all you did was eat protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; your muscles would not magically become&nbsp; bigger. However, if you engaged in a&nbsp;&nbsp; weightlifting regiment on a regular basis&nbsp; while also increasing protein intake,&nbsp;&nbsp; your muscles would likely get larger more&nbsp; quickly than if you stuck to your typical diet. Someone who is active and trying&nbsp; to bulk up their muscle mass should&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely increase the amount of&nbsp; protein they put into their bodies.&nbsp;&nbsp; There is also another important factor to consider&nbsp; when trying to build, or more importantly,&nbsp;&nbsp; maintain muscle mass. If for some reason you&nbsp; need to stop lifting weights or reduce your&nbsp;&nbsp; time working out due to an injury or life just&nbsp; getting in the way, you should still maintain a&nbsp;&nbsp; high protein diet. The rationale for this is that&nbsp; if you go from being highly active to less active,&nbsp;&nbsp; you will begin to lose weight as your muscles&nbsp; shrink. However, a high protein diet can slow&nbsp;&nbsp; the rate of and even prevent muscle loss&nbsp; if the right types of food are consumed. Perhaps the biggest selling point for&nbsp; high-protein diets is that not only&nbsp;&nbsp; will they help you lose weight, but they&nbsp; will help you keep the pounds off as well. Over the course of a year, high-protein diets&nbsp; seem to be much more effective at helping people&nbsp;&nbsp; maintain weight loss. Now, it is important&nbsp; to remember that just eating a lot of protein&nbsp;&nbsp; will not cause you to lose weight instantly.&nbsp; However, there may be some huge benefits if you&nbsp;&nbsp; stay active, eat the right types of protein,&nbsp; and keep track of your calories. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; a study that tracked 130 people on high-protein&nbsp; diets over the course of a year found that they&nbsp;&nbsp; lost 53% more body fat compared to a control&nbsp; group of people on a regular-protein diet. In a clinical trial conducted by the Department&nbsp; of Human Biology at Maastricht University in the&nbsp;&nbsp; Netherlands, researchers found that high-protein&nbsp; diets reduced weight regain by around 50%.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is huge for people who want to lose weight&nbsp; and keep the weight off. As many dieters know,&nbsp;&nbsp; losing the weight is only half the battle;&nbsp; it’s keeping the weight off that can be hard.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it seems from a number of studies that&nbsp; a high-protein diet and healthy lifestyle&nbsp;&nbsp; may be one of the best ways to do just that. You probably have heard that one side&nbsp; effect of a high protein diet is that&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be damaging to your bones.&nbsp; But is there any truth to this? This myth probably originated from the idea&nbsp; that protein can increase the acidity level of&nbsp;&nbsp; the body slightly, which in theory could cause&nbsp; calcium to leach from your bones. To be fair,&nbsp;&nbsp; if your blood’s acidity was high enough,&nbsp; it most certainly could cause the calcium&nbsp;&nbsp; on your bones to break down and weaken&nbsp; your skeletal system. But if your blood&nbsp;&nbsp; ever ended up at that high level of acidity,&nbsp; you’d be dead, so it really wouldn’t matter. What long-term studies have shown is that&nbsp; both animal and plant protein can actually&nbsp;&nbsp; help people maintain bone mass as they&nbsp; get older. According to some research,&nbsp;&nbsp; people who maintain a high protein diet over&nbsp; extended periods of time also seem to be at a&nbsp;&nbsp; lower risk of osteoporosis and bone fractures.&nbsp; It is important to point out that this does&nbsp;&nbsp; not mean you should immediately start consuming&nbsp; massive quantities of beef to increase your bone&nbsp;&nbsp; health. There are better sources of protein,&nbsp; which we will break down for you in a bit. The same thing goes for this&nbsp; next health benefit. It is all&nbsp;&nbsp; contingent on what type of protein you are eating. It may seem counterintuitive, but a high-protein&nbsp; diet can actually lower your blood pressure.&nbsp;&nbsp; The exact mechanism for this is&nbsp; not completely understood yet,&nbsp;&nbsp; but in one study, it was found that a&nbsp; high-protein diet did not just lower blood&nbsp;&nbsp; pressure but also reduced LDL cholesterol and&nbsp; triglycerides. This is important because these&nbsp;&nbsp; factors in high levels can be a recipe for&nbsp; heart attacks, strokes, and kidney disease. Although a high-protein diet can&nbsp; have harmful effects on the kidneys,&nbsp;&nbsp; you probably don’t need to worry too&nbsp; much as long as you are in good health. Doctors recommend that people with kidney&nbsp; diseases reduce the amount of protein they eat.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is because high amounts of protein&nbsp; can exacerbate problems in kidneys that&nbsp;&nbsp; are already damaged. However, the same&nbsp; thing cannot be said about people with&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy kidneys. It is always&nbsp; important to follow the advice&nbsp;&nbsp; of doctors and medical professionals&nbsp; when they recommend lifestyle changes.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, no studies have connected high protein&nbsp; consumption to causing damage to healthy kidneys. Protein may even be able to reverse&nbsp; and repair the damage done to the body. Since it is the building block of&nbsp; your cells, mussels, and organs,&nbsp;&nbsp; eating more protein actually provides your body&nbsp; with the resources it needs to help repair itself.&nbsp;&nbsp; Several studies have even claimed that after you&nbsp; suffer an injury, consuming more protein could&nbsp;&nbsp; help speed up the time it takes to recover. Some&nbsp; researchers even claim that if you are on a high&nbsp;&nbsp; protein diet before you get injured, it may&nbsp; cause your body to heal faster than someone&nbsp;&nbsp; who is not. More analysis needs to be done, but&nbsp; it is possible that in the future, doctors will&nbsp;&nbsp; recommend foods high in protein after an injury,&nbsp; along with other already established treatments. So, we know that high protein diets have several&nbsp; immediate and short-term benefits for the body.&nbsp;&nbsp; But what about as you get older? It may&nbsp; sound crazy, but a high protein diet in&nbsp;&nbsp; the middle stages of life can have lasting&nbsp; benefits even into your more mature years. It is no secret that as you age, your body&nbsp; becomes weaker. Your muscles start to shrink,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your bones become more frail. However,&nbsp; studies have shown by eating more protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; these effects can be mitigated. It is important&nbsp; that you also maintain some form of activity as&nbsp;&nbsp; well because if you don’t use your muscles,&nbsp; they will begin to atrophy no matter how&nbsp;&nbsp; much protein you eat. But eating a high-protein&nbsp; diet during your life and into your later years&nbsp;&nbsp; may help your body retain some of its strength&nbsp; and keep you in better overall health. There are definitely a lot of positives to eating&nbsp; a high protein diet, but is there a downside?&nbsp;&nbsp; Unfortunately, yes, so before&nbsp; you go on a meat buying spree,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure to watch the rest of this video. As we said before, there is no miracle diet that&nbsp; can solve all of your weight and health problems.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is especially true of high-protein diets that&nbsp; require you to cut out all other macronutrients&nbsp;&nbsp; from your meals. You should steer clear of any&nbsp; diet that tells you to remove all carbs or fats&nbsp;&nbsp; from your life. In these types of situations,&nbsp; you could develop nutritional deficiencies&nbsp;&nbsp; such as low fiber, which can cause&nbsp; headaches and constipation. Therefore,&nbsp;&nbsp; a high-protein diet does not mean you should&nbsp; remove all other types of food from your life. As we said before, the type of protein you’re&nbsp; eating matters. And there are definitely some&nbsp;&nbsp; foods that are better than others.&nbsp; You should not be eating all red meat&nbsp;&nbsp; or full-fat dairy foods because they can&nbsp; cause an increased risk of heart disease.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is because these types of food are often&nbsp; full of saturated fats and high in cholesterol. So, this brings up the question: what&nbsp; type of foods should you be eating in&nbsp;&nbsp; your high protein diet? You obviously want&nbsp; to receive the benefits of consuming more&nbsp;&nbsp; protein but don't want to put yourself at&nbsp; risk for high cholesterol or heart disease.&nbsp;&nbsp; Luckily, The Infographics&nbsp; Show has got you covered. The best meats to eat to get your&nbsp; protein fix are a mixture of birds,&nbsp;&nbsp; fish, and one other animal that you won’t believe. Chicken is a relatively low-priced meat that is&nbsp; healthy and can provide enough protein to meet&nbsp;&nbsp; your daily requirements. Chicken contains around&nbsp; 31 grams of protein in every 100 grams of meat.&nbsp;&nbsp; The best thing about chicken is&nbsp; that about 90% of the calories&nbsp;&nbsp; in the meat come directly from protein.&nbsp; We discussed earlier how important this&nbsp;&nbsp; is for speeding up your metabolism&nbsp; and reducing daily caloric intake. However, an even healthier option for high protein&nbsp; meat is fish. Yellowfin tuna contains around 30&nbsp;&nbsp; grams of protein per 100 grams of meat. Other&nbsp; fish possess slightly less protein per serving,&nbsp;&nbsp; but not by much. However, the benefit of&nbsp; eating fish as part of a high protein diet&nbsp;&nbsp; is that they also contain omega-3 fatty acids and&nbsp; vitamins such as D and B2. Omega-3 has shown to be&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely good for your heart and reduce plaque&nbsp; buildup around blood vessels. This means that&nbsp;&nbsp; fish is a two-for-one meal that provides both high&nbsp; amounts of protein and essential vitamins as well. Another seafood that is high in protein&nbsp; is shrimp. These crustaceans contain&nbsp;&nbsp; 23 grams of protein for every 100 grams of meat.&nbsp; They also might provide a cheaper way to get&nbsp;&nbsp; your daily protein from seafood as shrimp tend&nbsp; to cost less per pound than higher-end fishes. The most surprising animal that can&nbsp; serve as a good source of protein&nbsp;&nbsp; isn’t a fish, bird, or mammal.&nbsp; Instead, it is an insect. Crickets are an excellent source of protein. They&nbsp; contain around 60 grams of protein for every 100&nbsp;&nbsp; grams of crickets consumed. Right now, crickets&nbsp; tend not to be the main source of protein for any&nbsp;&nbsp; diet. However, as scientists and nutritionists&nbsp; work to make crickets more mainstream,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is changing. The great thing about&nbsp; these insects is that they are plentiful,&nbsp;&nbsp; reproduce rapidly, and have minimal impact on&nbsp; the environment. When they are eaten whole,&nbsp;&nbsp; crickets don’t really have much of a taste other&nbsp; than whatever seasoning is put on them. Some&nbsp;&nbsp; companies are even using crickets in their protein&nbsp; bars and powder. Regardless of your feelings on&nbsp;&nbsp; bugs, crickets may be the most sustainable,&nbsp; cost-effective source of protein we have. Meat is not the only way to get your protein,&nbsp; though. If you are a vegetarian or just looking&nbsp;&nbsp; for plant-based options, there are plenty of&nbsp; high-protein plants that will allow you to&nbsp;&nbsp; meet your daily intake goals. These foods&nbsp; also are healthier than eating most meats&nbsp;&nbsp; and can either be used as a substitute or&nbsp; an extra source of protein during a meal. One of the richest plant proteins is seitan.&nbsp; This durable food is made from the gluten of&nbsp;&nbsp; wheat and contains around 25 grams of&nbsp; protein for every 100 grams of seitan.&nbsp;&nbsp; It also boasts the highest amount of protein per&nbsp; gram out of any plant-based alternatives to meat. Tofu is also high in protein as well.&nbsp; Tofu is actually made of coagulated soy&nbsp;&nbsp; milk that has been pressed together into a block.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although this doesn’t sound super appetizing,&nbsp; Tofu has the ability to fit into almost any dish&nbsp;&nbsp; as it has very little taste of its own and its&nbsp; texture can change based on how it’s cooked.&nbsp;&nbsp; The best part about tofu is that it not only&nbsp; contains high amounts of protein but it is&nbsp;&nbsp; rich in iron and calcium as well. In 100 grams&nbsp; of tofu, there are around 20 grams of protein. Beans are also a great protein source for&nbsp; anyone trying to stay away from meat. Most beans&nbsp;&nbsp; constrain around 15 grams of protein per cup. And&nbsp; since beans can be cooked in a variety of ways,&nbsp;&nbsp; they can easily be added to pretty much&nbsp; any meal to boost your protein intake. Medical professionals recommend that most of&nbsp; your protein should come from plant sources.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is because they tend to be a healthier option&nbsp; than meat due to the fact that plants contain many&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrients and vitamins your body needs. If&nbsp; you only eat meat, you will definitely have&nbsp;&nbsp; a high-protein diet, but that will be about it.&nbsp; There is no substitute for a well-balanced diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; so make sure to incorporate different protein&nbsp; sources in your meals throughout the day. This brings us to a very important&nbsp; question. How much protein is too much?&nbsp;&nbsp; And what side effects can&nbsp; consuming too much protein have? It is always possible to have too much of a&nbsp; good thing in life, and protein is no different.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you consume too much protein the&nbsp; risks outweigh the benefits. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; although protein has been shown to have&nbsp; no long-term effects on healthy kidneys,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can still cause other problems&nbsp; in this part of the body. Eating&nbsp;&nbsp; too much protein can lead to kidney stones,&nbsp; which are incredibly painful until removed. Depending on the size of the stones, a doctor&nbsp; may need to use a laser to break them up into&nbsp;&nbsp; smaller pieces. There are two main ways&nbsp; that the kidney stones can then be removed;&nbsp;&nbsp; both are painful enough that the patient&nbsp; needs to be given anesthesia. One method is&nbsp;&nbsp; known as a cystoscopy, where the doctor inserts a&nbsp; cystoscope into the urethra to locate and remove&nbsp;&nbsp; the stones. You can imagine that having anything&nbsp; stuck up your urethra would be unpleasant. Another method of removing kidney stones&nbsp; is called percutaneous nephrolithotomy.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is when the doctor cuts a hole in your side&nbsp; and kidney and inserts a tool called a nephroscope&nbsp;&nbsp; into it . This device then allows the doctor&nbsp; to look around and remove any stones they find. As mentioned before, eating too much red meat can&nbsp; also lead to high cholesterol and heart problems.&nbsp;&nbsp; Therefore, it is important not to restrict&nbsp; your high protein diet to just one type&nbsp;&nbsp; of meat or protein source. There is still&nbsp; disagreement amongst medical professionals&nbsp;&nbsp; as to how much protein is too much, but there&nbsp; are definitely some guidelines to follow. For the average person, it is recommended&nbsp; you not eat more than 0.9 grams of protein&nbsp;&nbsp; for every pound you weigh. This means that&nbsp; a 150-pound person should not consume more&nbsp;&nbsp; than 135 grams of protein in a day. And this&nbsp; is the very upper limit. That being said,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are someone who is extremely active&nbsp; or an athlete, you can probably get away&nbsp;&nbsp; with eating slightly more protein as your&nbsp; body will use it to repair and build muscle.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is when the body becomes oversaturated&nbsp; with protein that problems start to arise. There are some key steps you should take&nbsp; before starting a high-protein diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially if you are going to try and&nbsp; consume the upper limits for your body weight.&nbsp;&nbsp; The first is to discuss the decision&nbsp; with your doctor. They will likely want&nbsp;&nbsp; to run some tests just to make sure your&nbsp; kidneys are healthy and in working order. You will also need to do your research.&nbsp; We have tried to provide you with some&nbsp;&nbsp; of the best food options to eat while on a high&nbsp; protein diet, but there are many other choices.&nbsp;&nbsp; Depending on where you live and what type of&nbsp; foods you like, there are likely other sources of&nbsp;&nbsp; protein that might be better for you. You can also&nbsp; talk to a nutritionist who may be able to give you&nbsp;&nbsp; further guidance. It is important to remember&nbsp; that although some meats have higher amounts of&nbsp;&nbsp; protein than other foods, fish, nuts, and beans&nbsp; can all be healthy supplements to any meal. Regardless of what high-protein foods&nbsp; you decide to eat, you should still&nbsp;&nbsp; include fruits and vegetables in your diet.&nbsp; They may not have as much protein as meat,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they are rich in vitamins&nbsp; and minerals your body needs. You also should identify exactly why you are&nbsp; starting your high protein diet. If your goal&nbsp;&nbsp; is to lose weight, you don’t need to consume as&nbsp; much protein as someone who is working to bulk&nbsp;&nbsp; up and gain muscle. Or maybe you are just planning&nbsp; for the future and want to have a healthier body&nbsp;&nbsp; in the long run. There are many benefits to eating&nbsp; a high protein diet, but there can also be risks.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is why it never hurts to discuss your&nbsp; dietary plan with medical professionals. Now watch “What Happens To Your Body&nbsp; When You Don't Eat (Fast).” Or check&nbsp;&nbsp; out “What Happens To Your Body If You Never Move.”

  Top Comments:
  1. @rachelmckitterick [1 likes]: I'm BMI 15 but because of a life long ED, I need 4-5 times the RDI of protein a day or levels in my blood are deadly low.
  2. @serge2cool: Can relate, keep it up op and always veer away from the darkness of not looking after yourself.
  3. @letshearyourverse: Several untrue claims made here, sure. But the fact that lean red meat isn't one of the most nutrient dense foods available is crazy.
  4. @averagegamer9975: Outdated info it should be 1g per lbs of bodyweight
  5. @iamthemagnificentjar: This is bug eating propaganda from the wef pod people
  6. @supa8776: Ill fuck with some crickets for my protein
  7. @nerd_alert927: 2:23 It's so much easier in kg's. 
If you weigh 56kg, you need 56g of protein a day.
  8. @whatsmyprintedname: Nothing happens just like in the books the movies the TV shows like nothing happened
  9. @FrankVasq-88: This isn't all the way wrong, ive been carnivore for about a year and lost 40 lbs gained muscle and got rid of my diabetes.
You want high protein with high natural fat like beef tallow, lard, bacon grease, anything that comes from an animal. 
Check out Dr Ken Berry's YouTube video carnivore diet for beginners. It explains everything
  10. @MarksPlate: Crickets taste good
  11. @thecaptain2118: This video is garbage... Red meat is by far the most superior protein on this little green and blue planet.

This is well known, so the author is intentionally misleading...
  12. @lazymaskyworldwide: Watching from the Philippines :face-blue-smiling: April 7, 2026
  13. @corddry56: Eat all the red meat you want. Just look for leaner cuts.
  14. @ChaoticStrike-pu3iq: Funny how there's no comment on the PROTEIN you eat that your body doesn't use is TURNED INTO FAT!!! So if you overeat protein your liver is working overtime ALL DAY!.... So, keep eating protein and don't work out and see how fat your a$$ gets.
  15. @ElDude-arino: STOP TRYING TO PUSH INSECTS AS A FOOD SOURCE!!! MANY PEOPLE ARE ALREADY ALLERGIC TO CHITIN!
  16. @dustinbrashier5339: And plant proteins are not as good they lack alot of key aminos that meat has 🤷
  17. @dustinbrashier5339: What is the science literature that red meat is bad for you
  18. @Walks8105: Lmaoo everything sounded good until he started pushing crickets and tofu and claimed meat wasn’t a healthy choice for protein. What a clown. Lean beef is a great source…
  19. @cannabiscountry4171: I wouldnt be so quick to boast tuna, the most concentrated source of mercury on the food chain, as better than beef. Local farm raised beef > tuna
  20. @nathanielmadrid7732: Does metabolism make a big role

- High-Protein Egg Bites for Busy Women | Prevent Cravings & Energy Slumps: Kind: captions Language: en Very simple. Unspring. [laughter] I'm trying to cut the camera. [music and singing] [singing] >> [music] >> And we're back with um new >> extra virgin olive oil cooking spray. >> The one that's actually have something in there. >> But the other one. >> Yeah, the other one. >> It has ink. >> All right. So, this will be used for breakfast obviously. So, in here is two four eggs. Two cups of egg whites. So, I just used the cage free and Bob Evans. Real simple. Might >> as well open this. >> No, we already have something in there. I don't really like a lot of things in my eggs, so some parsley. >> Parsley. Okay. And a little salt. Sprinkle. Oh, that's it. Oh, yeah. All right. >> And a little black pepper. Is that where you open? >> Shake. All right. Cool. >> Cool. Cool. >> All right. Today is Monday and this is one of my grab and go options that we like. So, >> we're going to mix this up. >> If we put this, >> this is this should make 12 cuz I did a test batch earlier with just one cup of egg whites and two eggs. So, in here, we're doubling the recipe. two cups of egg whites, liquid egg whites, and four regular eggs. So, gonna pour >> one, two, three. >> And I just fill it. Oh, that was a little bit much. I start off filling it. >> Just a little bit at a time. >> Seven, eight. >> Cuz as it's cooking, it's going to be quiet. It's going to puff up while it bakes. So, if you have a little leftover, I just pour whatever. Nothing specific. They probably won't come out as perfect. Like this one is a little low, but that's fine. And I already have my oven preheating to 375. So when these are done, I'm gonna come back and show you how they look. All right. And I'm back. So while that's in the oven, I want to take this opportunity to just explain a little bit about a little bit about what the purpose of this video is. It's my mission is to simplify decision making around food, fitness, and habits. This video is an example of prepping your things. It doesn't have to be a whole week of things. It could just be one simple thing. And the hardest thing that I see with most women and clients that I've had is a low protein for breakfast. Cravings is they creep up around between 1 and three. And now you're snacking at the desk. Especially my high professional and high mental loaded functioning functional woman. Um, we stress eat and we're in meetings or where I was in meetings, a lot of meetings, but you get what I'm saying. And I want to help you simplify decision making, especially on this journey, wellness journey, just wanting to get back in shape, wanting to build better habits, all of it. But it starts with the preparation the night before. And well, that's part of it, but I I'll go into detail in future videos, but for the sake of this video, we're just starting with one meal egg whites or egg bake the night before. You saw that it didn't take that much. I only use liquid egg whites. The reason why I use liquid egg whites because they have more protein and they are flexible. They provide a larger volume of food. Uh, once your eggs are cooked, you can put spinach in them. I forgot to put the feta cheese in there. When I finish with this segment, I'm going to go and sprinkle some feta cheese in there because we need the cheese. If you're dairyf free, you can use any kind of cheese you want. dairyfree cheese still work, but six um sorry, one so one cup of egg whites and two eggs will give you those two items alone will give you between 30 and 40 g of protein for breakfast. You'll be full enough. The cravings will be reduced later. You won't feel like you need to snack. You'll be full enough. You'll be satisfied. And you won't once uh lunch hit, you won't feel like you are a pregnant pitbull. Okay? You will have control over your choice. And a bonus for you if you've already prepped your lunch in advance. But right now, we're just starting with one meal at a time. If you are a person that you're on the go in the morning and you have like the window is this big, then I strongly advise you to prep one thing that you're going to eat in the morning that you can grab and go with those egg bites or egg muffins. You can make them the night before and then reheat them in a microwave. Maybe like 30 seconds or a minute and then eat them if you have time or you can put it in a little container and then you'll be on your way. You'll be about your business like you out the door. So that's like one problem solved. You're not just, you know, trying to make it and struggle on a cup of coffee or uh just throwing together breakfast like the breakfast will be more intentional, fulfilling, and satisfying. Okay. All right. We can do this. One simple thing, one meal. Just start one meal. So, the meal that you struggle with the most, if it's breakfast, lunch, and dinner, pick the one in the segment of the day that you struggle with the most and that you have the shortest window to prepare for in your day. It may be breakfast. It may be lunch. It may be dinner. You have to determine that. All right. So, let's go and see how these eight moments came out. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @phittwithbrandy: Crashing EVERY afternoon?
Grab your FREE 5-minute reset download below 👇🏽 


https://upbeat-knitter-5531.kit.com/fcbb30f4fe
  2. @AL-AMINSHEIKHH: Hi, I analyzed your channel and it’s clear that your videos are high-quality. Optimizing SEO, metadata, and discoverability could help your content perform much better. I can provide a free audit report with specific recommendations. Want me to share it? R

- Eating Protein | Why Eating Enough Protein Helps Busy Women Lose Weight: Kind: captions Language: en In my last video, I talked about carbs and fats and why there are good ones and bad ones in both camps. In today’s video, I’m going to talk about the third macronutrient which is protein, and I’m sure we all know that protein is good for us, and that we definitely need it in our diets. But why is that? Today, I’m going share with you the 6 main benefits of having protein in our diets. I’m Andrea Robertson, I have 4 university degrees, including Nutrition, and I’m here to inspire amazing women, just like you, towards heathier and happier lives. I’ve helped hundreds of my patients navigate the complexity that is nutrition, to help them fully understand the best nutritional approaches for their body to help them to lose weight, gain energy, and feel great in themselves again, so now it’s your turn. If you watch this video all the way to the end, you will learn the main reasons why protein is so important. Plus you’ll learn different ways to get protein into your diet to help you lose weight and stay fit and for longer. But before we get started, for the best online barre, yoga, adult ballet and barre inspired HIIT workouts, as well as lots of nutritional and wellness information, subscribe to my channel and hit the bell to be notified when I post a new video every single week. Ok, lets get into it. Benefit No 1. Research has shown that diets high in protein have been found to reduce appetite, reduce hunger and reduce snacking compared to low protein diets. Because of this, eating protein also promotes weight loss. If you fill 30% of your plate with protein along with healthy carbs and fats, it will automatically be easier for you to lose weight. Ok, let’s get a little scientific…we have a hormone released in our stomach called ghrelin. It is the hunger hormone, so when our body releases ghrelin we want to eat, and we want to eat NOW! Eating protein actually reduces the amount of ghrelin released. Proteins also increase the release of satiety hormones such as gastric inhibitory polypeptide and peptide YY, the hormones that help make you feel full. Good right!?!? So protein reduces the hormones that make you feel hungry, and increases the hormones that make you feel full. Benefit No 2. Protein boosts your metabolism and helps with fat burning. Eating all foods actually boosts your metabolism for a little while, however protein does it for longer. This happens through a process called thermogenesis and protein is great at increasing this, thereby burning more calories for nothing just by increasing protein in your diet. Benefit No 3. Proteins reduce cravings. Cravings are different to normal hunger. I don’t know if you are anything like me, but sometimes I sit at home after dinner, and I literally can not think of eating anything other than chocolate. It’s usually happens when I’m tired and I haven’t been taking the time to prepare well balanced meals. Cravings are hard to beat, they really are, so protein helps reduce them from starting in the first place. Benefit No 4. Protein, along with carbs and fats, helps provide our body with energy by being broken down to glucose. In my last video, I talked about how our brains, along with red blood cells and the nervous system, need glucose as their sole source of energy, so if your body is low in carbohydrates, protein will provide this much needed energy source to these important body parts. If I get a little scientific again, which you know I love doing, it’s through a process called gluconeogenesis…which literally means the making of new glucose. Benefit No 5 The proteins we eat provide amino acids, or building blocks, to our body, for our body to then create it’s own proteins. Some of these proteins in our body act as enzymes. Some enzymes can break down substances, but others also build substances, such as bone. Evidence shows that people who have a diet higher in protein tend to maintain bone mass as they age, therefore reducing the risk for osteoporosis and associated fractures. My family has a really high genetic tendency towards osteoporosis, so along with regular weight bearing exercise, I’m always on to having protein in my diet, even if just for this benefit. And No 6 The last benefit that I want to share with you today is one that most people know about, and its how protein helps build muscle mass and strength, as well helping with body repair, and keeping you fit as you age. As I just mentioned, the proteins we eat in foods provides our body with amino acids, the building blocks for our muscles and body tissues. Our body can make 11 of the amino acid, but 9 of the amino acids, called essential amino acids, can only be gained through eating protein from foods. So now that we have gone over the 6 main benefits for eating protein, I want to talk about different sources of dietary protein and how you can then add more protein into your diet. Animal sources of protein include meat, fish, poultry, eggs, milk, and yoghurt. Think roast chicken, BBQ steak, omelettes, goats cheese on salad, or tuna with anything. No eating of puppy dogs though, they are just good for scarves. Vegetarian , or plant based sources, of protein include vegetables, seeds, nuts, grains and legumes. Think pasta made purely from beans, chia puddings, nuts sprinkled onto salads, tofu stir-fry, miso soup and hummus with veggie sticks. But be careful to not crowd out other foods by eating too much meat and eggs. Fruits and vegetables are Soooo important, and provide our body with so many other essential nutrients. Ok, now you understand the benefits of protein, and how to get more protein into your diet, I want you to also remember that exercise is a very important component of living a healthier life for longer. If you need some extra help on clean eating recipes and exercise tips, I’ve created a simple and easy to follow program called Total Body Tone Up in Under 3 Weeks. You can download the PDF Guide and watch the accompanying video for free by clicking the link below. If you found this interesting, let me know by leaving a comment below. And don’t forget to download your free program. If this video was helpful, be sure to subscribe for new videos that I post every single week. Share with your friends, and hit the like button below so I know to make more videos that follow on from this one! See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOldMayfieldPlace [1 likes]: Great information and well explained.  Thanks for this video!
  2. @MichaelPluszek [1 likes]: Thank you Andrea. I am experimenting with protein and see how it changes my weight (regards from the man). Awesome video.
  3. @SocialConfidenceMastery [1 likes]: I love eating protein!
  4. @DrSuzanneDoyleMorris [1 likes]: This was really useful. It can often be a confusing topic, and you've really helped to clear things up in a really straightforward and informed way! Thank you.
  5. @tanyaannbrown [1 likes]: Love how you explained the top sources of protein! So many awesome options!
  6. @lisaca76 [1 likes]: Sunni!! So adorable
  7. @MadisonT8 [1 likes]: Yes! Puppy scarf!!! Haha Such great info!
  8. @kirstyking1636 [1 likes]: Sunni girl you big youtube star!!
  9. @soniabavistock [1 likes]: So much I didn't realise about protein! Thank you!
  10. @emilyeglitis2863 [1 likes]: Finally! There is some fantastic, science-based yet clearly explained nutritional and dietary advice. Love your work Andrea! Everyone interested in eating well should watch this.
  11. @VeronicaDiPolo: I'm dying to do Barre! I danced for years and want to get back to it! Definitely I'm subscribing!!!
  12. @TheresaTruong: I've been told my protein intake should be proportionate to my weight, example: 100lbs = 100g of protein a day. Is this true?
  13. @BarreWithAndrea: In this video I explain the importance of eating protein in our diets, and why eating enough protein helps busy women lose weight. I also go over 6 of the main benefits that you’ll gain by eating a diet with adequate protein. Send me a comment below if you find this interesting or useful. Andrea x

- What to Eat (and Avoid) to Lose Belly Fat During Menopause: Kind: captions Language: en losing belly fat during menopause isn't about eating less it's about eating right today I'll show you exactly what to put in your basket for a macro balanced meal and what to leave on the shelves step one protein 40% of your plate protein builds muscle it speeds up your metabolism and it keeps you full for longer let's grab some options like chicken breast salmon or eggs and here's what to avoid processed Meats like Deli slices or SAU sausage loaded with sodium and preservatives these can cause water retention and bloating skip them for fresh whole proteins step number two carbs 30% of your plate healthy carbs give you energy and help reduce Cravings look for fiber options like sweet potatoes quinoa or berries and here's what to avoid white bread pastries or sugary snacks these spike your blood sugar leading to Fat storage especially around your belly step three healthy fats which would be 30% of your plate healthy fats support hormones and they help you feel satisfied choose options like avocados olive oil or a handful of almonds and here's what to avoid process trans fats in snacks like chips or margarine these can increase inflammation and make weight loss even harder stick to Natural whole sources of fat here's our fat loss friendly basket lean protein complex carbs and healthy fats Balan to keep you full and burn fat skip the sugary drinks the processed snacks and anything that's loaded with trans fat or added sugar trust me your body will thank you losing belly fat during menopause doesn't mean starving yourself it means eating Smart Fill your basket with the right Foods avoid the stinky ones and you're already ahead of the game during menopause your hormones are shifting so it's important that you work with them instead of against them fats are the one macronutrient that directly support hormones so therefore having a slightly higher fat intake during these years and no absolutely not am I speaking to keto but this macro split can be an absolute GameChanger to seeing more results you want with your body during this time the macro split breakdown that we provide women is 35% protein 27% carbohydrates and 38% fat again not keto as keto would be like something like 10% carbs and and also would make it harder for you to build muscle if you want some more help with your nutritional and strength training needs click the link below this video in the description and watch a quick free training that I put together on how you will use all of this to control your body for the rest of your life

  Top Comments:
  1. @pj5442 [6 likes]: Nope, been there done that, belly fat remains
  2. @MichelleBlackChannel [6 likes]: Yes — what you eat matters so much more during menopause, but it’s not just about cutting carbs or sugar. It’s about balancing blood sugar, reducing inflammation, and actually fueling your metabolism. Most women don’t realize their belly fat is a symptom, not the problem.🔥
  3. @MichelleBlackChannel [3 likes]: So helpful! One thing I see a lot with the women I work with is that they’re already eating clean — but still struggling with belly fat, bloat, and low energy. That’s when we look deeper at hormone signaling, cortisol, and gut health. For many women in perimenopause or post-menopause, food is just one part of a much bigger puzzle. Love that you’re keeping the conversation going 💛
  4. @vitality_daily [2 likes]: This is what I do:
Three meals, 5 hour wait in between each meal. I drink water 1 hour after I eat 

I don't
Eat processed junk
Consume sugar
Drink alcohol 
Snack

I do
Drink water
Eat fruits and veggies before my cooked food
Walk after I eat for digestion
  5. @WarriorBabe [1 likes]: Discover the Hormone-Smart Fat Loss System for Women 40+: https://warriorbabe.com/macros?el=YT-Menopause-3-11
Grab The Ultimate Guide to Macronutrients + 7 Bonus Gifts: https://warriorbabe.com/macro-guide?el=YT-Menopause-3-11
  6. @GenXRetroUGC [1 likes]: The Warrior Babe app has deli turkey in it so why are you saying to avoid it?
  7. @angiebrooks9784 [1 likes]: I'm trying to eat less meat these days. Are there any whole plant based proteins you can suggest?
  8. @SaraFreedMiami: Shopping list please 😁🥺😅 2:03 ❤🎉
  9. @CalmPerspective47: How are you supporting the liver in metabolizing protein and fat? I recognize that these nutrients are important but liver function is especially important during menopause and perimenopause and animal protein and fat make the liver work harder.
  10. @SolrenCaelwyn: So what do you think of Prof Christopher Gardner from Stanford’s take that protein is being eaten to much. Zoe interview
  11. @lisamitchell191: The carb recommendations.  Is that based on net carbs or is that total carbs?
  12. @victoriaroe8977: OUTSTANDING info! Thank you, beautiful Warrior Babe!!!✨️💖✨️💯🫶😊🥰
  13. @angiebrooks9784: Wow! Thank you so much for sharing this info. It will be so helpful towards my journey going forward.😊❤

- Lose Your Belly Fat at 50 !!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Let's talk about the truth about the menopause belly fat. I'll give you five simple things you can start doing tonight to get rid of it. Your fat acts like your grandma's Tupperware collection, stacked, sealed, and never leaving. In fact, in this video, I'll reveal an incredible fat loss secret for women over 50. I know people call it the menopause, but I really don't like that term. Let's just say we're focusing on the mid Section fat that we all hate. And by the way, I even had it too. I dunno if I had the Meno pot, but at one point I had a little belly and some love handle. Of course, I got rid of it, I didn't like it. So I understand to some degree the great news today you can start implementing these solutions immediately. The bad news, if you're still doing endless crunches and eating less, you're actually making things worse. And this is a key graph today. Look at this, the solid line. It represents weight gain over time. So you can see it goes up around menopause, but check it out. You see the dotted line that's post menopause look at weight reduce. And you're going to say, well, doc, that's a great thing. I'll just wait it out. But what we're seeing here. Is muscle loss. So yes, you get increased fat loss of muscle loss of weight, but that's what creates aging loss of muscle gain of fat, not good. The same thing happens on the face like this. So treat the body and the face. Follows we'll see improvement in loose skin, firming your face, lifting and sag going. And for that reason, like, and subscribe this free video with great information. Your time's valuable. Let's move on. You see the scale may not show it. It's a shift in fat, not necessarily a gain for everyone. Keep that fact in mind as we move on in this video today. First, exactly what is the menopause belly? Well, it isn't just extra belly fat, it's a hormonal rebellion at its finest. You can see it right here. And please don't think you're alone. Check this out. Hormonal balance leads to weight gain that accumulates around the middle. Okay. We've established that, but check this out. Approximately 90 percent of women nine zero 90 percent gain weight during menopause. And here, let's see how you stack up 12 to 15 pounds is the average weight gain. If you're not sure when menopause is or what the signs I'll link a video at the end of my signs of menopause, and some of them you might not even realize. are actually happening. Why? Well, there's four reasons. Number one, estrogen drops. A 2023 study found that women in menopause lose up to 40 percent of their estrogen, which in turn causes that back to shift from the hips and thighs straight to the belly. You guys often tell me, doc, I went from the center of attention to invisible. As you see here. Many women feel invisible due to ageism, discrimination, and undervaluation in society. This greatly accelerates right around menopause. Body habitus represents fertility. That's the primordial reason. Test yourself. Yes, the waist to hip ratio that you've all heard about and how it anthropometric analysis. With digital silhouettes and the studies therein, the waist to hip ratio is negatively associated with women's health, fecundity. And cognitive ability, this is something students of aesthetics do all the time. Look at somebody from a distance. Maybe you're walking down the street or you're in a mall. Look at someone from a distance. You can't see their face, but you can see them walk. You can see their body shape. How old are they? Ask yourself, how old is that person? And as you get closer, the answer will be there in how they look in their face. But what you're actually doing is you're studying their body habitus. where the fat's sitting? Uh, you're looking at their gait. Do they have hyposcoliosis? Are they hunched over even a tiny bit that gives way to their age? But you're also looking at the hip to the waist ratio. You're calculating fertility. You get my point. Fat distribution changes as we age. And that change is calculated by the people around us. And that's why we don't like it. Number two, insulin sensitivity declines. Meaning, even if you eat the same way you always have, your body stores more fat instead of burning it. We like burning it. Insulin is a fat storing molecule, so when it's high, your fat acts like your grandma's Tupperware collection, stacked, sealed, and never leaving. But here's the good news. What we're going to do today is increase insulin sensitivity. That's going to help lower the insulin levels in the body. So instead of storing your fat, your body wants to burn it. Number three, androgen levels increase and few people realize this because they're trying to get on, uh, testosterone. They're trying to think about their progesterone, but androgens are just that. They're the male hormones. That women have, but they're in smaller amounts. Think testosterone and DHEA. When your estrogen drops, the androgens become relatively more dominant, and that leads to an increase in belly fat storage, cravings, and even changes where your body holds muscle. It's why I made that video on creatine. I'll link that one at the end as well. And it's why some women notice a more apple shaped figure post menopause versus the hourglass. Number four, metabolism slows. Studies show that women burn 200 fewer calories per day, post menopause, even if they're active and more active than they were. So let's get rid of it by first stopping the biggest mistakes that women make. If you're doing these. You're making things much worse. My patients tell me that they're doing these things and I have to resist the urge to facepalm. It's like watching someone text at 2am. Nothing good is coming from this. Number one is starving yourself on low calorie diets. Couldn't be the furthest thing from what you should do. Cutting calories too low makes your body hold on to fat for survival and gets rid of your muscle. It's like a squirrel hoarding acorns for winter. A study in the journal of clinical endocrinology found that chronic dieting increases cortisol and that actually stores more. Number two, this is, this has to be the most common right here doing more cardio instead of strength training and I have to tell my patients five or six times strength, strength, strength, strength, strength. Are you doing it yet? No, start get a pull up bar, whatever you need. You think an hour of running is going to melt your fat. No, it's not going to melt your fat. A study in obesity found that too much cardio raises cortisol, leading to even more belly fat. So, do what you need to do. I have videos on weight lifting and how to get on that routine. Why did I say a pull up bar? Simply having a pull up bar around. Do one or two or three as you're walking by it. It's a good reminder. And they can easily be put in between door wells. Number three, ignoring your hormones. Cortisol, testosterone and insulin, they all interconnect to play a huge role in how much fat your body holds onto. You can't just eat less and move more when your hormones are completely unbalanced. Watch my complete video on hormone balancing. Let's hit five solutions that actually work. Number one. Intermittent fasting. Yes. One of the most effective ways to burn menopause belly is by reducing your eating window. A strategy known as intermittent fasting, a 2021 study in obesity found that women who fasted for 14 hours a day lost significantly more belly fat than those who didn't. More importantly than a study, I see this in real life with real patients. So exactly how do you start this? We each have different jobs, lifestyles, and eating windows. But here's a really common example my patients use. They'll finish dinner at about 7 p. m. No food until 9 a. m. The next day. That will give you a 14 hour fast. You eat within a 10 hour window for 12 weeks. Here's another good study if you're interested. 10 hour time restricted eating reduces weight. Blood pressure, atherogenic lipids in patients with metabolic syndrome, but it gives us an idea into what I'm talking about. Now, these patients in particular were on blood pressure meds and cholesterol meds. We want to come off of all of these. They concluded, look here. TRE, Time Restricted Eating, is a potentially powerful lifestyle intervention that can be added to standard medical practice to treat metabolic syndrome. For me, I go a step further and I take people therefore then off of the meds. It's huge. This alone has been shown to reduce belly fat. I personally don't eat until about 11am to 2pm with the idea of inducing autophagy. I'll link my video to that. Many of you already know about it, but some may not. And yes, autophagy has only really been proven in most models, but we believe it's happening in humans too. So why does this work? Well, it's because during fasting, insulin levels drop, allowing your body to burn that stored fat instead of storing more. A bonus tip. I'll take my green tea fat burner upon wakening in the morning. to increase fat oxidation by about 17%. Here's exactly what's in it. So if you're on a supplement, look to see what's in yours as well. Uh, and I'll make mine half off for you guys today. I'll put a code in burn 50. I'll link it in the comments below and in the more info below this video, here's the back of the supplement bottle. You can see this green tea extract. Garcinia Fruit Extract, Raspberry Ketone Extract, and Coffee Bean Extract plus more. Number two, lower your carb intake and focus on protein. Now I can't stress this one enough. When I ask my patients time and time again, they have no clue on their daily protein intake. And it matters. You see, low estrogen equals low insulin sensitivity. This means refined carbs cause major fat storage. Especially right in the belly, where we don't want it today. Here's what you want to do. Swap bread, pasta, and rice for meat or fish. High protein keeps you full longer, and that's a bonus as well. Non starchy veggies are what you should look for, like broccoli, cauliflower, and asparagus. Now, some people, they get a little more Gassy on those. So see which ones work for you a little trial and error there. And I do want you to eat healthy fats. Think olive oil and avocado whole milk. That's a great one. Pure pasture raised cottage cheese, add blueberries. Peanut butter bicollagen powder and your creatine to that if you need a tiny bit of honey, you can add it I also eat a lot of sardines sauerkraut organic chicken breasts meat with gristle. Let's talk about that for a sec So if you're a meat eater The gristle is going to contain more collagen. But here's the kicker. When you chew more, you work the face muscles more. And muscles make up 25 percent of your face. So they're like your natural filler. A Harvard study found that women who ate 30 percent of their calories from protein had smaller wastes than those. who didn't start tonight, have a low carb, high protein dinner. It keeps your insulin low and fat burning active while you sleep. If you want me to elaborate on a couple of recipes like the cottage cheese one, that's an easy way to get your protein up. Cause many people struggle getting enough protein in a way. Isolate protein is another great thing to add to your smoothie. If you need more, it's hard. Number three, strength training, stop fearing the weights. A lot of my patients, my women patients, they're scared they're going to bulk up. Strength training preserves muscle and it boosts your metabolism. Women lose about one to two percent, yes, one to two percent. It's colossal when you add it up, of muscle per year after the age of 40. So that's exactly when we're getting the menopause, and that makes Fat gain inevitable unless you lift. Sarcopenia is something I talk about a lot and I discuss in my creatine video. I'll link that at the end so you can follow that one. So what to do. Do this two to three strength sessions a week. That's how much you need squats, deadlifts, and resistance training. Those are your top ones. Lifting weight will increase your metabolism. And that means that you burn more calories while you're watching your favorite Netflix show. You get that thermogenic effect. Tongkat LE, if you want to take an adaptogen, it helps boost your testosterone and that keeps muscle high and fat. Exactly what we're looking. I have Tongkat Ali in my Women's Vitality Blend and I also add Horny Goat Weed, Maca Root Powder, Soft Palmetto, Panax Ginseng, because you get all the energy without the jittery of an espresso. So, women love Tongkat Ali, many of you are on it. You want to look into that one. Number four is cortisol again. You want to control cortisol and balance your hormones. Cortisol is your stress hormone after all, right? So that makes you stressed. You store fat right in the belly. I guess talking about stress, remove stressful people from your life too. Choose to lower your cortisol naturally. Think ashwagandha reduces stress by 30%. Think 5, 000 steps a day. How long is that? That's about a 2. 5 mile walk. That's going to lower your cortisol and burn fat. Your leg muscles, keep in mind are the largest muscles in your body. So again, you get that thermogenic burning. So after walking, your body keeps burning calories at a higher rate. for many, many hours. It's also why strength training works well with HIIT, H I I T, High Interval Intensity Training. HIIT is way better for fat loss than steady state cardio that many of you are doing today. Speaking of lowering cortisol, what about bedtime? Think magnesium before bed for better sleep. And I'll link my complete video on magnesium at the end so you know exactly what type to take. You want to think of menopause as a hormonal game. Belly fat doesn't stand a chance. So to summarize, stop starving yourself, stop running endlessly, start lifting weights, start balancing your hormones naturally, and start eating in a way that works for your. body. Think autophagy and fasting. Intermittent fasting is very different than starving yourself chronically. I did make a crucial video about bio identical hormone replacement. I'll put it here. One on ashwagandha down here and one on creatine and sarcopenia up here. Must watch this for you. Keep your skin and body beautiful, healthy, and vibrant.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rajanimdskincare [45 likes]: Fat Burner RajaniMD 50% off Code
BURN50
https://store.rajanimd.com/products/green-tea-fat-burner-gummies
  2. @aikoshimada3167 [5 likes]: There are studies showing that intermittent fasting actually triggers cortisol for menopausal women and thus more fat accumulates in the middle.
  3. @MichelleBlackChannel [5 likes]: This is an important reminder that after 50, stubborn belly fat is rarely about willpower alone. Supporting metabolism, stress, and recovery together makes a big difference.
  4. @Winter-144-o4x [3 likes]: If people would stop asking me how far along I am, then maybe i can get a grip on my cortisol levels. I'm 63 for crying out loud!!!!
  5. @After40Truth [2 likes]: This is such an important topic. I see so many women over 40 blaming themselves, when in reality their body just isn’t responding the same way anymore. It’s not laziness — it’s a mismatch.
  6. @Menopauseweightreset [2 likes]: I Learnt something new today.
  7. @NeptunianDream [2 likes]: Interesting how some women report they gained weight and some don’t. For those who did: what was your lifestyle prior? Softdrinks. Alcohol, bad carbs? 
I really try to understand what’s going on here
  8. @coin2939 [2 likes]: Remove stressful ppl in/around your life…. First thing to do is seriously need to leave my husband for good.  Pray for me.
  9. @anabrandaris5655 [1 likes]: I achieved my weight loss goal 2 years post menopause with a lot of effort and now my Doctor prescribes HRT but I am afraid it will make me gain the weight I lost 😢
  10. @user-wr7dp2bo5y [1 likes]: Androgens increasing also cause acne in some cases. I’m lean, very low body fat bc I train and eat right and always did but menopausal acne stinks!
  11. @Immaculate_he4rt [1 likes]: The problem with fasting through the evening and night is that I can’t sleep if my stomach is growling
  12. @winechick6 [1 likes]: I hit menopause at 50 and Immediately gained 20 lbs.  Within 3 months, it was gone (I've never had weight issues) I will be 61 later this year, and I have the same body I had at 20. I eat what I want, when I want. Sometimes I don't eat all day, sometimes I eat ALL day. I drink red wine everyday and chug a huge glass of chocolate milk before bed every single night. I love strength training, but I'm not always consistent 🦾
  13. @ThePhantomEditor-f9x [1 likes]: Diet advice online is noisy—Healix AI cuts through it with data.
  14. @adalineproulx9773: The stronger your legs the lower your risk for dementia.
  15. @adalineproulx9773: My fav doctor!!🥰
  16. @DanaPAH: You mentioned gaining a belly?   Some men do go through things like hot flashes, night sweats, weight gain, etc, as their testosterone gets lower as they age.
  17. @ZafarIqbal-e8z8f: “Struggling with stubborn weight after 55? Learn why on our channel now!”
  18. @bekahe4433: What if I only have a couple of arm weights? Every second day I lift ten pounds each arm for about 20 minutes after a short cardio, I also do squats, some planks and tons of stetching. Is that enough to increase muscle?
  19. @heidirexin5141: Adequate protein. Strength train, heavy. Prioritize sleep. Don't eat crap. My body composition has changed tremendously. I look good naked, which I didn't. Clothes fit better. Scale says the same, no weight gain or loss. I'm 65. On HRT.
  20. @ErinMorgan-o1d: I love you, Dr. Rajani, but I can’t stop eating at 2:00! I have to be satisfied but not stuffed or when it’s time for bed, I’ll literally be up suffering all night.

- Menopause Belly Fat Diet Plan| Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en in today's video i'm going to share six tips that you can use to help you lose your menopause belly whether you're a woman in your 50s or even in your 40s struggling to lose menopause weight gain if you're new here my name is shirley and i am a nutritional therapist with a three-year diploma in nutritional therapy and on this channel i share videos to help you manage menopause symptoms through your diet and lifestyle so tip number one when it comes to losing your menopause belly is to stop calorie counting so it can be really easy to think that when we cut back on our calorie intake that we're going to lose weight and although initially you are going to lose weight to begin with eventually your weight loss is going to plateau and that is because when you're cutting back on your calories too much your body is going to go into starvation mode and your weight loss is going to store or to stop the other thing that we have to think about when we're talking about counting calories or reducing our calories is the type of foods that we're eating so for example 100 calories of a biscuit or a piece of cake probably isn't a lot whereas 100 calories of broccoli will probably give you a lot more in terms of volume and they also contain vitamins minerals fiber and other compounds that may support you through perimenopause menopause or post menopause the foods that you choose to eat should really make you feel good and i'm not talking about making you feel good at the time that you're eating it but making you feel good in the long term to be able to lose your menopause belly or weight gain in a healthy sustainable way ideally you should have 500 calories less per day and that way it's a lot more sustainable than going full out and reducing your calories to 800 calories per day which really is not sustainable and your either and are really gorging on food when you do get the chance to eat or you may just give up and start eating what you want anyway so tip number two is to replace high carbohydrate foods with mostly vegetables although eating high carbohydrate foods such as pasta bread rice potatoes and all those sort of foods is really nice at the time and it makes you feel really comforted and full and satisfied unfortunately those types of food raise your blood sugar levels too high and because our body can only handle around a teaspoon of sugar at a time our body will then need to release a hormone called insulin to bring the blood sugar level back down from perimenopause onwards our body tend to deposit our fat stores around our belly and it makes it a lot harder because of all those fluctuating hormones so by replacing high carbohydrate foods with low starch vegetables such as broccoli kale cabbage cauliflower pak choy nuts and seeds you can also use legumes such as your lentils your peas your beans olives and olive oil you may find that you will start losing your menopause belly in a nice gradual and healthy sustainable way the fiber in these foods also trigger the hormone leptin it's basically the hormone that tells us that we're full and we're satisfied and we've had enough food and because the fiber release their energy slowly there's less likely to be any sharp insulin rises which means that you're less likely to put on weight which will help you with losing your menopause belly the fiber will also feed the beneficial bacteria in your gut these beneficial bacteria produce short chain fatty acids to help support weight loss if you're getting benefit from the information i've shared so far i'd love you to hit the like button so youtube knows to share this video with other women who may benefit from the information i share here and if you'd like to see more videos from me and this channel consider subscribing and hitting the bell icon so you'll get notified when i've uploaded another video so tip number three when it comes to losing your menopause belly is to add more protein in your diet one of the things that estrogen supports is our muscle mass and as our estrogen levels drop from perimenopause onwards that can speed up our muscle loss the less muscle we have the more our blood sugar levels go up the more insulin our body releases to keep our blood sugar levels within that normal level and unfortunately that's one reason why we put on weights in perimenopause and menopause and beyond a lot easier so hormone imbalances such as progesterone estrogen and testosterone affects the levels of serotonin in our brain it's now well known that people or individuals who are low in serotonin are more likely to binge eat have issues with blood sugar balance such as insulin resistance and are more likely to put on weight and this is because our body is trying to get serotonin back up into our brain so by adding more proteins in our diet we're providing our body with the amino acid not just to keep our muscle mass but also to create more muscle from the proteins or the amino acids that we're adding into our diet and one of the most important things when it comes to protein is providing a source of tryptophan so tryptophan is actually the amino acid that helps us to create serotonin on our body so although 95 percent of our serotonin is made in a gut through the beneficial bacteria creating the short chain fatty acids serotonin has a different role within our brain and another system and that is to suppress our appetite so good sources of tryptophan are chicken turkey beef pork tofu soy beans milk pumpkin seeds and eggs it's really important that our diet also has sources of magnesium zinc and vitamin b6 which helps tryptophan to convert into serotonin so having proteins with fiber rich slow releasing carbohydrate foods such as vegetables is a good combination when it comes to supporting your menopause belly and that's why i have lots of salad or other vegetables with say fish for my lunches and again in a similar way i'll have more cruciferous vegetables for my evening meals so tip number four when it comes to losing your menopause belly is to add more healthy fats in your diet so this is your avocado fatty fish nuts and seeds olives and olive oil and coconut oil having healthy fats as well as the protein and the fiber-rich foods from vegetables will help to keep our blood sugar levels stable and what's more adding these healthy fats is needed to support the production and the balance of our female hormones and while we're on the subject of fats it's really important that we do avoid fats in processed foods and also fats that has been treated to higher temperatures namely to keep the shelf life of those foods from going off now i've talked more about the benefits of adding more healthy fats in this video and i'll put the card up on the r i icon above so once you've watched this video go and check that out to see how healthy fats can benefit you at parent menopause menopause and beyond so tip number five when it comes to losing your menopause belly is to stop eating low fat diet or processed foods to make these foods palatable they have to add lots of sugar so even though these foods may be using sugar alternatives as a way to reduce your sugar intake these types of foods can actually help to put on weight because they change the balance of your gut bacteria to feed those bacteria that actually support you to put on weight the way these foods have been processed as well as being cooked at high temperatures having added sugar and having added salt and preservative changes the structures of your cells creating a state of chronic inflammation which will only make your weight gain even worse so when it comes to avoiding processed low calorie or diet foods it's really important that you try to plan your meals that way you know what you're going to eat and either take your meals to work with you or if you've got your meals prepared for the evening that reduces the reliance on processed foods so tip number six when it comes to losing your menopause belly is to balance exercise with relaxation from perimenopause onwards the fluctuating levels of estrogen progesterone and testosterone creates so many changes in our body so having to deal with cold and hot flushes mood issues irritability anger not really knowing what's going in in our body demands from our family our partner our job only getting a few hours of sleep if you get any sleep at all fatigue migraines aches and pains or any other symptoms that you may be getting at menopause all these creates a stress in and then add on the pressures of weight gain and you may be going to the gym several times a week or going out for a run or doing so many physical activities just to lose that weight but the problem with this is that leaves us under constant stress 24 7 and when our body is on the constant stress it releases a hormone called cortisol and cortisol increases our cravings for something sweet or carbohydrate foods and i'm sure you've noticed it that when you've had very little sleep i know i have but i crave more carbs in terms of rice pasta or all those gooey comforting foods our body and our brains first goatee source of energy is always going to be sugar or glucose just to keep going so what can we do having more protein lots of fiber-rich slow-releasing carbohydrates such as those from vegetables and having lots of healthy fats in our diet to reduce the fluctuations in our blood sugar levels that makes us crave those sugary foods so if you're one of these women who's exercising every day it may be time to slow that down a little bit instead of going for a run every day or instead of going to the gym every day it may be worth slowing it all down and just going for two to three days a week and instead working with resistance or weight bearing exercise and when you do this you're building muscle and muscle helps to stabilize blood sugar levels which means that your body only needs small amounts of insulin to get the energy into your muscles and there's less sharp rices and insulin which then pushes that energy to be stored as fat instead of being used as fuel i only actually do two to three days per week of exercise so i tend to do 8 to 10k two or three times a week i will walk for the first two kilometers and then i'll walk run so i'll run as long as i can and then i'll stop and then i'll run again as long as i can and then i'll stop i would do that for about two to three kilometers of the total length of the 10k and for the rest of the time once i've hit about the 6k mark i'll walk back home it helps me to calm my system back down it helps me to enjoy the scenery of the countryside in that way it will help to reduce the cortisol that i've used up or i've generated from the run that i've done i only do that two or three days a week and i've found that that has been really effective when it comes to me losing my menopause belly that might not work for you you may be in a different situation you might not be able to go for a run in which case it might be worth just starting off with doing a walk around your block or going for a walk for half an hour and build up from there or a different activity such as zumba or dancing and you can build up and see how you go build up your stamina build up your strength and maybe that's enough for you to start losing weight the important thing when it comes to exercise is to reduce the cortisol rises hips high intensity interval training is meant to be really good because you work really hard for a few minutes and then stop work really hard for a few minutes and then stop and that way you can get your exercise done in a short period of time and you're not having to raise your cortisol levels are for too long or too often so maybe hit exercise may work for you of course we need to balance all this exercise with more calming activities whether you're reading a book having a bath doing something creative going for a walk just to enjoy the scenery yoga meditation spending time with your loved ones another way that might help you when it comes to relaxation is to try some journaling and by writing things down on a notepad or maybe you want a nice looking journal it really helps to get your thoughts down and your stress that you're feeling write it down on paper and by having that space between your thoughts and what you've written down it may give you enough support to relax you and to know that you can actually offload what you're thinking onto paper without having to find someone to understand how you're feeling so for me i do find journaling really helpful when it comes to releasing all those emotions and confusing thoughts that's going on in my head if you are worried about any of your symptoms or your moods or emotions or whatever is going on with yourself whether you're in perimenopause menopause or post menopause it really is important just to go and see your doctor to make sure that you are getting the help that you need if one of your menopause symptoms is to do with anxiety check out this video on how magnesium rich foods can help you and if you want to try magnesium supplements i share information on four supplements that you can try to help with your menopause symptoms

  Top Comments:
  1. @SangeetMusicArts [1 likes]: I am trying to eat more broccoli, cauliflower, Brussel sprouts, etc.. To decrease meno belly. It's slow but it's working
  2. @samira1517 [1 likes]: This video is much needed! Thank you!
  3. @SangeetMusicArts: Thank u. I will add pumpkin seeds to my diet
  4. @SangeetMusicArts: And also peas
  5. @SangeetMusicArts: Very useful
  6. @sunnybremer9413: Hey there everybody I’ve spent the past two years by going to my Endo doctor my Ghino doctor my oncologist to see why I’ve gained 40 to 60 pounds mostly in my bra and midsection and literally just last week I went to a weight-loss center to see if they provided any new information and the nurse practitioner informed me I have low testosterone. besides a testosterone booster or is there specifically a plan I should follow or just not count or Paleo or I’m just so confused because I’ve been counting calories with nutritionist since I was 20 and now I’m 42 and unfortunately I had my mom and three great aunts passed from ovarian cancer so I’ve had to make sure my health is in check regarding hereditary illnesses so please let me know if there’s a suggestion or information that you can provide that I can look into to help me out please
  7. @RyanAshleyW: Thanks for this info! It’s so well needed!
  8. @fitfreedom: Fantastic information as always and explained so well. It's so important for us to be well informed of what is actually going on in our bodies in this stage of life. Thanks for sharing and hope you're well.
-Liv x

- How to Make Weight Loss Easier After Menopause/Perimenopause: Kind: captions Language: en as a 51 year old woman I understand that menopause changes things and while it doesn't prevent fat loss it does require a unique strategy in this video I will discuss how fat storage changes as we move into menopause and how to work around those changes to make weight loss easier to get some insights for this video I asked members of my coaching program who are at or near menopause to answer two questions the first one was what is it about menopause that has made weight loss more challenging and the second was what have you found to be effective for weight loss during this time of life and there were a few recurring themes when it came to the challenges and at the top of the list was an increase in belly fat even in women who did not easily gain fat around their midsection earlier in life and I also heard from members who remarked that they experienced an increase in sugar cravings around the onset of menopause and Beyond and when we think about the physiology of the body as it is going through menopause both of these challenges make sense because of two hormones and the first one is estrogen it has been well documented that as the ovaries make less less estrogen fat gets redistributed to your abdominal area so when a postmenopausal woman gains weight that weight gain is most likely belly fat and it's not really clear why this happens but as far as overall weight gain after menopause we do see that when estrogen is suppressed a woman experiences a slowdown of her resting metabolic rate which of course can be a contributing factor and we also know that while the ovaries are the biggest producers of estrogen the fat cells are a secondary source so after menopause your ovaries no longer produce enough estrogen so it is possible that the body looks at the addition of fat as a way to regain some of its loss estrogen so outside of hormone replacement therapy it is a reality that after the age of 50 women have a natural tendency to put on belly fat however this belly fat and weight gain do not have to be a reality if we control another important hormone called insulin regardless of your age insulin is the hormone that has the most influence over whether your body will store fat and that fact is why I often refer to insulin as your fat storing hormone so when you eat a meal it is insulins job to move the nutrients that you consumed into your cells where they can either be burned immediately as energy or stored for later use in places like your muscles or fat cells when we were young and active our cells were very sensitive to insulin so every time insulin would drop off nutrients our cells would gladly receive them and use them but as we age ourselves become less sensitive to insulin so when insulin brings the nutrients to the cell the cell resists insulins attempt to drop it off and that is referred to as insulin resistance insulin resistance is a very common problem has two important consequences cravings and weight gain cravings for carbohydrates increased because the cells are not taking in the energy they need so your body determines that there is a need for more energy to be eaten carbs are the quickest form of food energy so they are what to you crave right the cookies cakes and candies breads pastas those types of foods weight gain increases with insulin resistance because you end up with too much insulin in your system and this happens because your cells are not responding to insulin so your pancreas pumps out more of it and in an attempt to kind of force the cells to open and that chronically high insulin encourages fat storage and insulin resistance is not just an age-related issue it is made worse by increased belly fat which is a result of lower estrogen as well as other factors like poor sleep which can be a consequence of menopause and of course other lifestyle factors are going to factor in like a long history eating a high refined carbs I at lack of exercise and chronic stress which produces more cortisol and contributes to belly fat and so what we see is that menopause has the potential to create the perfect storm of weight gain so to make weight loss easier after menopause we need to disrupt the cycle and we do that by targeting the things we can control now we're not going to turn back time and naturally rejuvenate our estrogen output but we can work with our bodies to allow them to use estrogen more efficiently and lessen the impact of insulin resistance and that starts with a diet that is high in healthy fats all of your cells are surrounded by a fatty cell membrane so making sure that your diet includes healthy fats and excludes unhealthy fats is important for the health of your cell membranes and therefore the healthy cell membranes allow for the transport of hormones into your cells which is where they do their work and I can mention as well that the addition of healthy fats will also help with hunger satiety so cravings are decreased now I have a video on healthy and unhealthy fats but essentially the whole fats we get from nuts seeds avocados fatty fish and high quality meats provide beneficial fats and the fats to stay away from in my opinion are vegetable oils like soybean oil that is so common in processed and fried foods nowadays to more effective ways you can overcome weight loss resistance after menopause are to utilize a low carb diet and intermittent fasting and these strategies allow you to work around insulin resistance because they naturally decrease your body's need for insulin carbohydrates particularly sugar and refined carbs like muffins and sandwich breads and pastas caused a spike in insulin which puts your body in that fat storing mode that we talked about earlier so avoiding sugar and refined car allows your insulin levels to remain steady which gives your body a chance to release fat intermittent fasting is a simple strategy that involves shortening the number of hours you eat during the day I have a video on intermittent fasting and women over 50 that you might want to watch for some more information but the basic premise of intermittent fasting is simply eating all of your calories for the day in a shorter eating window so instead of grazing from early morning to late evening you might not start eating until 11 a.m. and then stop by 7:00 p.m. so the basics of how to include following a high fat low carb diet and practicing intermittent fasting for at least a few days out of the week and when you have those Basics in place you start to see a snowball effect happening in the opposite direction so your body is more apt to burn fat rather than to store it for instance we know from dr. Sachin pandas work on circadian rhythm that limiting late-night eating which naturally comes when you practice intermittent fasting is an effective way to help with sleep quality because your body is able to complete digestion before you go to bed better sleep quality brings more energy which makes you more active and more able to cope with stress and these things all work together and the changes can be seen quite quickly so while I acknowledge that menopause throws us some curveballs there are ways to make weight loss easier if you're looking for a guide my coaching program has low carb high fat menus worked out for you so there is no guesswork and it shows you how to incorporate intermittent fasting for better results and of course you can also join in the discussion with members of the program that are your age and share your journey so if you are interested in the program I will leave links here for you thanks for watching please subscribe to my You Tube channel and I will be back soon with another video to help you reach your goal thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichelleBlackChannel [8 likes]: This is such a helpful video — I wish more women knew how layered this really is. I lost 20 lbs during perimenopause and have kept it off for over 15 years, but only after I realized it’s not just about calories or workouts… it’s about why your body isn’t responding anymore.

I’ve been sharing that full story on my channel — what finally worked after nothing else did. If you’ve been feeling like your body’s fighting you, you’re not crazy. You just haven’t been given the full picture. 💛
  2. @beckygillaspy [3 likes]: Dr. Becky’s Freedom Health Weight Loss Program: https://drbeckyfitness.com/weight-loss-coaching-program-fhp-2/
  3. @betaren21 [1 likes]: My biggest challenge has been disrupted sleep. It makes it harder to make good food and drink choices, and it lowers my energy for exercise.
  4. @CassyExploring [1 likes]: Not eating late does not work for me. I need to eat well about 1h before going to bed, otherwise I get hungry in the middle of the night (woken by a need to pee, by mosquitoes or by my baby boy) and then can’t go back to sleep until I eat something at 3AM. Not eating before bed works for people who are sure that nothing would wake them up. But often there is something - snoring partner, motorcycle driving past your window at 1AM etc and then you’re hungry and impossible to sleep.
  5. @donnacampbell6345 [1 likes]: Losing weight after menopause is exactly the same as before. It’s just an excuse to say it’s so much harder etc. it’s always hard to change poor eating habits and to move more and it takes discipline but it’s still the same process.
  6. @michellepatchen5565: I'm 10 years into menopause. I did not take the hormone therapy so I've only been able to lose  25 pounds of the 50 pounds I've put on, but I'm still working out every day and I do take apple cider, vinegar capsules 3 times daily and interment fast. I still have 25 pounds to go. 🎉
  7. @samiliaa1531: Any advice for night shift workers?
  8. @OTseven: 😊😊😊😊😮😮😮😮🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  9. @annealmasni3954: I noticed during Ramadan that my husband and I would fast exactly the same and eat exactly the same and he would lose 20lbs and I would lose 3lbs 😂
  10. @Pebbles137: This information was very easy to listen to and understand.
  11. @Li_ShuWei: I thought it was the opposite way of weight loss from the title: losing weight.
  12. @ahoritaHOY: I have osteoporosis so I'm not a good candidate for I.F. Nonetheless, thank you for all of this good info! :D
  13. @Amy-n3p7d: Start on high fat carnivore diet. I do it and I have lost all my excess weight. And don’t consume diary. And take iodine and you’ll be fine.
  14. @JRspeaking: I normally wouldn't listen to anything a chiropractor has to say, but I appreciate your clear take on this subject.
  15. @pattyallen7634: Iam 67 was 169 now 144 but stuck and had mini stroke and one bad stroke so i do chair exerise but iam disabled stuck at weight i need to lost 26 more pounds please help ty
  16. @bcat6206: Keep hearing rat low carb but no one tells us what that looks like..how many carbs?
  17. @atiyausmani20: Thank you loved it
  18. @MichelleBlackChannel: Thank you for this video, Dr. Becky! I've often heard that women in menopause have to work twice as hard to see the same results as before. Do you think there’s a specific combination of lifestyle changes (like exercise type, timing of meals, or particular nutrients) that makes the biggest impact for women in menopause, or does it really vary from person to person?
  19. @SINKARATE: BLOOD STOPS AND WEIGHT GAIN ? Belly fat what about lithium amd 144.000 during menopause when a woman becomes a man 

I just seen a man with a vagina 

Wow 

Who's the man 

Iam
  20. @SINKARATE: Dr ?  Lol scientist

- Why Women Can't Lose Belly Fat After Menopause: Kind: captions Language: en I'd like to talk about why women can't seem to lose belly fat after menopause I'm not just going to talk about that I'm also going to talk about what to do about it as well so what is going on with this menopause thing well all these changes all stem because of this one change that happens in the body the ovaries go in retirement they're no longer going to be producing or releasing eggs now the ovary doesn't just make eggs it also makes hor hormones so what's going to happen as we go through menopause is we're not going to have the eggs we're not going to have the the quantity of hormones but normally what's supposed to happen is the adrenal glands which are the backup are supposed to kick in the adrenal glands make all of the hormones that the ovaries make and if the adrenal glands are strong and stable going in the menopause usually there's very little symptoms if any at all so it's not really normal to have hot flashes it's not normal to have any symptoms going through menopause unless there's a problem with the adrenal glands but there's a bit more to this okay so yes it's true that estrogen drops but you're also going to get uh a more significant drop in progesterone so the ratios of estrogen progesterone it actually could make it appear that you have estrogen dominance okay which is not really true it's just the ratios of estrogen to Progesterone and some women start going on hormone repl ment therapy the problem with that is it comes with a lot of side effects okay and complications but I'm not going to get into that right now I want to focus on another thing that happens in the body that gives you a solution to handling this entire problem because naturally the adrenals are supposed to take over and compensate for the missing hormones and no this is not a mistake in nature it all is supposed to work very perfectly so in adrenals we have several things going on we do have an in increase in cortisol that's the stress hormone this could explain why through menopause a woman might feel anxiety uh excessive nervousness difficulty sleeping uh maybe agitated and also an overall low tolerance to stress that has a lot to do with um this part of the nervous system called the autonomic nervous system and that's really what I want to focus on in this video so the autonomic nervous system is basically adapting your body to the environment your body is constantly adapting to temperature different environments and one part of the nervous system called the sympathetic which is the flut fight is increasing certain things to adapt to the stress so let's say for example you exercise right you need higher pulse rate you need higher blood pressure to compensate for the blood flow and then right when you stop that exercise you have another system that kicks in called the parasympathetic and that system is all about calming things down and bringing things back to normal so it's really important to have this balance between the sympathetic and the parasympathetic nervous system what's interesting about menopause is after menopause a woman is usually left with a higher sympathetic nervous system and a much lower parasympathetic nervous system and if they don't know this going into menopause they might focus more on the estrogen problem or maybe they might just start to exercise to really get rid of that belly fat that they're concerned about right and then they might find wow it's not working it's even getting worse in some cases and so they go to one doctor after the next trying to figure this this problem out so the very important thing I want to teach you right now is about focusing more on the parasympathetic nervous system okay so that's your recovery system that is the system that influences your sleep and your ability to recover and all the fat burning occurs in this recovery phase if you're too high in the sympathetic and you don't have enough recovery then you're you're not going to lose this midsection no matter what you do and so there's a lot of emphasis on exercise okay and exercise stimulates the sympathetic nervous system but it does not stimulate that parasympathetic nervous system and so what I'm going to recommend is you shift gears and you start to exercise your parasympathetic it would be like taking water and putting out a fire it calms the sympathetic and that's going to help you reduce cortisol it's going to help you sleep it's going to help you have a midsection that's flat and so how do we train this parasympathetic nervous system well that system is not passive it's active in other words it is actively working to calm you down it's actively working to reset and bring you back to homeostasis which is kind of like a normal balance internally so I guess a good uh way to explain this is that let's say right now you run outside and you run up a hill really fast okay and as you run up the hill the sympathetic nervous system kicks in there and it's pushing up your pulse rate really really high you get your blood pressure really high and you get at the top of the hill and you're huffing and puffing and you were at the peak of your sympathetic nervous system as soon as you stop okay and you do nothing that parasympathetic kicks in actively it's kind of like a wave that is pushing things down it's pushing your pulse rate down it's an active force that is trying to recover you okay and all you have to do is do nothing and let it do its job and so if you were just to wait until your pulse rate is all the way back to normal you would strengthen your parasympathetic but who does that what do people do when they work out they go work out they get their pulse rate really high they let it come down a little bit they rest maybe 30 seconds if that and they do it right back they start exercising and right there you are failing to exercise that recovery system you are developing and training the sympathetic to be really really strong but without enough recovery and so over time you lose the strength and capacity to recover and so your body is ending up just producing cortisol that's creating more belly fat it has a hard time sleeping so I wanted to make a big deal about this uh video to emphasize this one simple point that if you really understand it you can apply it to a lot of different things you need to rest a lot longer between your reps and sets of exercise as well as days of exercise so if you were to do a certain set of let's say 10 reps or a certain time period of exercise what you'd want to do is completely stop and wait for your pulse rate to come all the way down okay before you start another one of those Cycles the same thing goes with your entire workout through a given week you have to make sure you don't overtrain you want to make sure when you exercise you give your body a chance to completely recover and reset and what you're doing when you're recovering is you are strengthening your parasympathetic nervous system I tell you this might sound like a very insignificant subtle thing but in practice it was very very successful I've had people that I've taken them off of working out three times a week and put them on a workout that's just once a week and then they finally start losing weight now on the flip side it doesn't mean you should only focus on on the recovery and do nothing and sleeping all day because it takes this exercise intensity and this stress to make it all work out now the worst type of exercise you could do for your belly is any type of sustained exercise now I'm not talking about like walking or hiking I'm talking about jogging or running or doing marathons or long distance anything sustained of a moderate pulse rate is really bad for cortisol and it's bad for the parasympathetic because of this one principle of waves everything in nature is on a wave you have these circadian rhythms of hormones sleep cycles your heart is on a wave it comes up and down it contracts and relaxes and so this is why like high-intensity interval training is very very good for so many things because you're doing this short high intense exercise with lots of rest so here are some things to focus on start doing short types of exercise with lots of rest don't overtrain don't train over soreness focus on getting more sleep and by doing this it's automatically going to improve your sleeping because you're going to be improving the parasympathetic certain types of body work whether it's caropractor is all going to help omega-3 fatty acids can help as well also the precursor to all of these hormones it's called DHEA really good supplement to take especially through menopause but if you're female I would highly recommend you don't take a lot of it just take what's recommended on the bottle because if you take too much it can start to you know increase more testosterone which you might not want that it's very important to go on low carb intermittent fasting because when you do that you automatically reduce the sympathetic nervous system and you increase the parasympathetics that's some really key nutrients to focus on magnesium choline vitamin B1 vitamin D is also important too certain herbs can be helpful uh that are adaptogens lemon bone a passion flour and ashwagandha are really good so in summary the parasympathetic nervous system restores the sympathetic nervous system which is that fight or flight mechanism now because of the censoring and the suppressing of the algorithms on YouTube it's becoming more difficult to find my content and there's a lot of content that I cannot put on YouTube unfortunately so to make sure you have full access of all all my information go to drberg.com And subscribe to my newsletter by clicking the link Down Below in the description I will see you on the other side if you have not seen my stress webinar that gives you additional techniques I put it up right here check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [25 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @maddhousewife [1 likes]: My hubby gave up bread and soda for 2 wks and lost 20 lbs. Hate him. I would hv to starve for 2 mnts
  3. @kathywimmler453: Sorry, I don’t agree with you. HRT is life-changing, and I’ve had no side effects for seven years. I can’t imagine my life without it!
  4. @sfinx69: I need a break up from my partner, as he's buying all I shouldn't eat 😂
  5. @23patriot: My feet and legs are bad so a lot of exercising I cannot do to get rid of my belly fat. What can I do to get rid of belly fat?
  6. @efadillaefadilla3230: When is the best time to take DHEA?
  7. @marybhie1899: Me sugar I can’t quit my work is to walk and clean that’s why maybe I’m slim plus sometimes I don’t  eat at evening mostly I’m 47 but I feel tired too about my work and my difficulties in life
  8. @easypitsy: I give a LIKE to help its algorithm 😊
  9. @BethanyMcCraney: This makes so much sense
  10. @angelakinney1999: Seems like he has it all figured out. Until he walks in a woman’s shoes and experience menopause, He has nooooooo  clue. Diet, exercise did Not help me much. Wish we can keep our hormones!
  11. @redsharpie6340: Thank you! Your videos and reach are so very helpful!
  12. @lynnecarroll9953: Rebounding on the trampoline short intervals
  13. @SuzanneBlaylock: The ONLY reason women can't lose weight after M is because they eat ice cream, cookies, crackers and processed foods, serve themselves too much at dinner. Oh !  And they don't exercise.  I promise.
  14. @delivefreenana: 2 meals/ day was key for me! I think insulin resistance is the culprit. I only eat veggies, some fruit and a little chicken or beef at brunch and dinner.  I take great supplements and walk a good 2 miles a few times/ week.
  15. @shannonleahy9722: Great info. Thank you. ❤❤
  16. @theiracenterfeba1690: Instinctive training for your own body is effective for athletes who know their own body.
  17. @chinwepat2647: Thanks Doctor.
Intermittent fasting fixed everything for me. I sleep like a baby now.
  18. @lisasaunders4381: Dr. Berg, I have not listened to this video yet, (nor read any other comments). I have to say honestly, that I don't know what you're going to say. So far, I have liked your channel, learned a lot from you, & also agreed with what you've said. I just have to say, it seems a little odd that you as a man talk about women's issues, even though I am quite sure I will learn from you. Just a thought, what do you think about getting a female Dr. you respect "guest star" for these specific topics? Thank you for all you do to make your videos informative as well as teaching about natural healing. ❤
  19. @katc6823: Thank you
  20. @deborahferrell9449: I am 70, I never had any symptoms of menopause except gaining weight in my mid section.

- Lose Belly Fat Easily Over 50: Kind: captions Language: en Can you really lose weight and have a flat belly after the age of 50 without the use of any injections? Spoiler alert, yes, you can. I'm going to show you exactly what I eat in a day to stay slim, trim, and feeling fabulous. Now, the first thing that I have when I wake up are my electrolytes. I just use filtered water. Electrolytes really help with dehydration. They replenish magnesium, sodium, and potassium, too. I'll whiz it up and get my day started. Once I've had my electrolytes and rehydrated my body, I like to stretch. I just do a few simple yoga moves. It's so wonderful to be able to stretch the body and move the body before you do anything else. So, that's all done. What about the caffeine? So, my hot drink in the morning is matcha. I used to adore coffee and then I hit my 50s and I couldn't really tolerate it. It made me feel angsty. It gave me kind of jitters and I noticed that the effects of coffee would stay with me the whole day. Matcha gives me all of the clarity, the uplift, the energy without any of the downsides of coffee. Now, I only have one or two cups a day and then I will have a decaf tea in the afternoon. So, I follow a method of eating called intermittent fasting. You probably have heard about it. My method that I followed for 10 years means that I stop eating around about 78 p.m. and then I have my breakfast around about 11 a.m. Now breakfast literally means breaking fast. Now in that time, that 8 hour window, I'm going to have my breakfast, my lunch, my dinner, and a few snacks. I never ever feel restricted. And when I'm not eating the fasting part, I'm asleep for most of it or busy with my morning chores and doing a little bit of work. Now, I tend to eat low carb and I've cut out most processed sugars from my diet. It's not easy, but oh my goodness, is it worth it. My carbs come from berries, fruit, veg. They're not refined carbs. They're complex carbs that actually are slowreleasing and work to make me feel full and I feel energized. And of course, I prioritize protein. All of the things that we're told are good for us. Well, yeah, that's true. And it's really going to help maintain a flatter belly, help you lose weight, and get rid of that visceral fat. I've got a cup of the green stuff, and it's time to do a little bit of work. Work's done. It's time for breakfast. Now, breakfast is the most important meal of the day, and at 11:00, I like to make sure I eat my protein. Protein rich. Today, we're having scrambled eggs, but with a difference. So, I'm going to have scrambled egg, but with some cottage cheese. Now, this is something that I've had a couple of times, and I love it. I'm also going to have half an avocado, couple of cherry tomatoes. Oh, there's my eggs. And I'm going to have some spinach. So, I am getting a good amount of protein, good fats, some fiber, and some healthy carbohydrates. Now, I'm using free range farm fresh, beautiful eggs, mediumsiz eggs. Now, I'm going to pop in some cottage cheese. I'm just going to pop in a good healthy dollop, a big tablespoon. Nothing fancy about this. It's just a really delicious way to make super fluffy scrambled eggs. Now, let's not forget a good helping of salt and pepper. And now that's ready to go into the pan. I'm not really bothered about it looking too decorative, so I'm just going to chop up my avocado. I've got my tomatoes ready and my spinach. I'm just waiting for my eggs. So, there they are, ready to go. They look and smell absolutely delicious. I'm just going to park those there onto my plate and get every little scrap because breakfast is so important. And there you have it. Look at that for a breakfast. I absolutely can't wait to eat this. It smells incredible. Great fats, great proteins, really good minerals and vitamins, all from this beautiful fresh breakfast. Look, if you think you're going to be hungry after that breakfast, I promise you, you won't be. However, around about 1:30, 2:00, I do get a bit peckish and I make myself the most incredible proteinrich smoothie. So, I am ready for this shake and it is such great fuel for the rest of my day. So, I am just popping my strawberries in. I'm going to be quite generous with these strawberries cuz they are a little bit overripe and well it would be a crime to throw them away. I'm going to get a handful of blueberries. Throw those in there and add around about 200 mls of milk. Around about 200 ms. And then the powders. Did you notice that it says mom? That's because I am in a house full of boys and my sons will pinch my protein powder if they could. So, I put my name on it. One scoop of that will give me 25 g of protein. There's 110 calories in that. But obviously, you have to take into account the other bits that we're putting in. So, the fruit and the milk. But the fruit, remember, although it is a fruit, you're going to find that it's low carb because it is full of fiber. Now, one scoop of the collagen as well. Now, the creatine, I'm just going to go and do a normal amount, which is just two of the scoops that come in this little uh pouch here. That's one. And that's two. Right, we're ready to whiz it all together. Now, there's plenty for somebody else if there's anybody else in the house, but I'm not sharing today. Cheers. So, it's about 10 4 in the afternoon. I am feeling a little bit peckish. I'm folding laundry and thinking, hm, what can I have as a snack? Well, I'm going to share with you exactly what I have on hand if I am feeling a bit peckish. I always have some nuts. These are unsalted. They don't have any fats. They are no seed oils. Really good for you. So, things like walnuts, almonds, Brazil nuts. They're really good as a treat. But be careful, of course, because they are calorific. I've always got nuts on hand. You could say I'm a bit of a squirrel. I also have my lifesaver. I did a video on these the other day. These are my chocolate fudgy balls. Low carb, low calorie, and so delicious. Really satisfying. They really hit the spot when you've got that sweet chocolate craving. And they won't derail your weight loss, your fat loss, or your macros. So, if you are counting macros, your carbs, your calories, then these are the treat for you. Okay, I've done my workout. Now it's time to go and get a shower and start making dinner. So, it's been a super busy day. Very productive. It's dinner time, my favorite part of the day. So, I'm going to have a whopper of a chicken breast that's going to pack in all of my protein. So, I'm hitting the protein goals. I'm also going to have some chopped mushrooms. So, I'm just going to pan fry those, saute those, and some steamed veg, which I have got ready here. So, broccoli and carrots. That's it. Super easy, super simple, super nutritious dinner. And that's my dinner. Absolutely packed with protein with the chicken breast. I've got my great carbohydrates coming from my broccoli and my carrots. Packed with good nutrients. I can't wait to tuck in. Smooth out your cellulite. Now I use it on my legs just like this. It's not hard. I go up and down. Is really a fabulous tool. Well, it's 5 to 7. I'm settling in for the evening. And my day wouldn't be complete without a sweet treat. In this bowl, I've got Greek yogurt, strawberries, blueberries, and some decadent dark chocolate. I do hope you enjoyed today's video. Remember to like, subscribe, and share with your girlfriends. And I'll see you on the next one. Bye for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SallyAtkins [5 likes]: Ladies, if you’re over 50 and struggling with stubborn belly fat, YOU are not alone. This video shows exactly what I eat in a day to stay slim, energized, and confident at 56 💪💃
👉 Question for you: Have you ever tried intermittent fasting or low carb? Did it work for you, or are you just getting started?
Drop your answer below ⬇️ — I read and reply to as many comments as I can ❤️
  2. @bobbyjarvis3699 [3 likes]: I like tried the scrambled egg with cottage cheese, love it, im on moujaro and struggling with eating anything so  it's my protein go-to, i like the shakes and chocolate balls to 😊
  3. @nicholacarr8429 [2 likes]: I have been eating scrambled eggs with cottage cheese so I will add the spinach and tomatoes!  Unfortunately, I don’t like avocados and I am allergic to nuts!
  4. @6kidsand8cupsofcoffee [2 likes]: You are my new go to guru!!!! From across the pond!
  5. @TheCallyjean [2 likes]: Mmmm … yummy easy meals - thanks for sharing
  6. @Jo1969 [2 likes]: Thanks Sally - this routine is so doable! Made your chocolate balls last week - delicious! 😋
  7. @lesleyhidden2620 [2 likes]: Brilliant Sally thank you so much!  I’m Loving my wobble board!  It’s such fun I don’t mind using it every single day.  Will get some protein powder too I think as I love a smoothie. Very easy meals to make too. I very often have scrambled eggs for breakfast (or porridge) so can deffo do that. Thank you. ❤
  8. @deewgordon [1 likes]: Great video. But, I NEED to know what you're wearing. LOL. Love your top. 🥰
  9. @elenarichards9692 [1 likes]: I’ve lost my few extra pounds by throwing out the granola and low fat cheese, they were my downfall.
I now have hot water and lemon to start my day around 8am but still have my 3 cups of coffee before 2 o’clock.  I drink lots of tonic water and keep sliced lemons and limes in the freezer which I add.
I have a yoghurt around 12.30 with berries and an apple or other fruit, never grapes ( little bags of sugar) I then around 3,30 have a salad of cucumbers tomatoes peppers (sometimes add prawns) squeeze of lemon .
I’m pescatarian so dinner is steamed fish with veg and or salad followed by a treat which is a twister ice lol 45 cals, oh and those tiny boxes of raisins during the day occasionally.
I always take 2 BLOATBURN CAPSULES after my final meal which is before 7 pm and that’s it other than tonic .
BLOATBURN has stopped all my cravings for chocolate and snacking after dinner. 
I have the odd g&t if I’m out but not often.
I have also started BETTER ME Pilates programme which I love , I’m now into my second month of that and have toned up so much.
I’ve always weighed around 8-2 stone  but with menopause (I definitely blame that) I went up to 8’10 
I’m back to my 8 stone now.
Hope that helps other ladies out there. ❤
  10. @Nilceia-n9g: New sub here, from Boston
  11. @vanille7163: Hello so you’re not eating any carbs like rice pasta quinoa potatoes or sweet potatoes … just vegetables ? How about leguminous ?
  12. @maryviana2907: Hi. Just discovered your channel.  😍 LOVE IT!!!
  13. @ourfreedom2002: Read Harvey Diamonds books or audible " Fit for Life" to change the way we eat.....food combination and fruit til noon.....no breakfast, etc.
  14. @Skinnychelle48: New sub, love ur channel!
  15. @FindingSofiaa: Every time I need to get back on track I eat breakfast at 7-7.30 am, lunch around noon and then only water or tea without any milk or sugar or anything. That works the best for me. This method is so easy for me. I am aming for Autophagy, and fasting around 18 hours each time. Fasting gives cells time to repair and recycle damaged components. This may reduce the risk of age-related diseases.
  16. @sakshisharma6768: 😍
  17. @sharonwaters2994: Great video Sally thank you. We have bought the wobble board but not as good on it as you. Have a great day
  18. @SophieFenton-pe4nd: Great video
  19. @heatherpomerenke8684: Do you have a matcha recommendation?
  20. @lesleyhidden2620: Do you add milk to your Matcha Sally?

- Menopause Belly Fat is REAL But Not Your REALITY With These 3 Things: Kind: captions Language: en menopause brings hormonal changes that impact how a woman's body stores fat and uses calories as a result many women notice that they gain weight more easily after menopause and that weight gain is mainly around their waist from first-hand experience i can say that these changes are not welcome however it is what it is and while these changes are real they do not have to be your reality in this video i will share three things you can start doing tonight to get rid of menopause belly fat in past videos i've referred to menopause as the perfect storm for weight gain this is because several different issues arise at this time of life most notable is that estrogen levels drop which reduces insulin sensitivity leading to easier weight gain with the drop of estrogen we also see a relative increase in androgen levels in this hormonal imbalance leads to more intense hunger signals and cravings for comfort food those hormonal factors are coupled with a time in life when physical activity and muscle mass are on the decline causing a reduced need for calories so eating the same way we did when we were younger results in fat storage and to add to the factors that can leave you scratching your head you may have found that your weight on the bathroom scale hasn't changed but your clothes don't fit the same way they had in the past while the cause is not fully understood after menopause fat distribution on the body changes the result is that fat is more easily deposited in the belly area than the hips and thighs with or without weight gain so menopause belly fat is a real thing however it does not have to be your reality for the rest of this video we'll go through the three things that will give you the most bang for your buck and the great thing is that you can start doing them tonight one of the most effective and for many most appealing strategies for losing menopause belly fat is to reduce the number of hours that you eat in a day this is referred to as intermittent fasting or time restricted eating it has been found to be a safe practice for postmenopausal women of normal health and it has also been found to be an effective way to reduce belly fat here's how you can start benefiting from intermittent fasting right away note the time that you finish eating dinner tonight and let that time mark the end of your eating for the day when you wake up tomorrow morning postpone breakfast until 14 hours have passed for instance if you finish eating dinner at 7 p.m this evening put off breakfast until 9 a.m tomorrow morning now there's many different fasting schedules that you can follow this schedule is referred to as 14 10 fasting because you are fasting for 14 hours and restricting your calorie intake to the remaining 10 hours of the day and i chose this method for you because a 14 hour fast is manageable and also because this was the fasting routine shown to reduce belly fat in the study that i referred to earlier like the study participants i encourage you to restrict your eating window to 10 hours a day for 12 weeks for full results the second change that you can make to start losing menopause belly fat is to reduce your carbohydrate intake if you remember from the menopause perfect storm scenario one of the weight loss barriers created by lower estrogen levels is reduced insulin sensitivity when your cells are less sensitive insulin levels increase in your blood since insulin is a fat storing hormone when it is high you are storing energy much of which ends up as body fat however the opposite is also true when insulin is low you create an internal environment that favors fat release therefore the way to get around insulin resistance is to lessen insulin's workload you do that by choosing foods that do not spike insulin levels carbohydrates especially refined carbs cause the most significant spike in insulin so they are the ones to limit here's how you can start using low carb eating to your advantage tonight for dinner swap high carb choices like pasta pizza and bread for a meat or fish entree and non-starchy vegetables such as broccoli cauliflower or asparagus this low-carb evening meal will keep insulin levels low you'll then follow that meal with your 14-hour fast because there's no food coming in during those fasting hours insulin remains low keeping your favorable fat burning state going strong even as you sleep when you get comfortable with your low carb dinner you can work on reducing your overall carb intake for the day if you are new to low carb eating start by aiming for no more than 100 grams of carbs per day the third thing that you can do today in fact right now to get your momentum started is figure out why you want to lose weight this is a mental exercise and it's easy to brush these types of things off as unimportant but when you hit on the right reason or that compelling why you take action without it you don't in my freedom program members are given the practical tools like recipes and meal plans that they need to lose weight they are also provided with a section that helps them find their motivation here is one of the exercises that they do and what you can do today grab a tablet and pen have a seat and write down 15 reasons you want to lose weight coming up with 15 is important because you'll find that the first few reasons are those ones that we all have in common for instance i want to be healthier i want my clothes to fit better i want to have more energy those are certainly valid reasons and great quality of life factors but yet despite being factual they don't have that it factor that really motivates you to give you an example i want to share three things one of our members uncovered when she did this exercise she wrote i want to be comfortable having my picture taken i want to stop looking pregnant at 55. i want to be able to sit on plastic lawn furniture without fear these are things that secretly bothered her they weren't things that she wanted to openly share with friends or family but they impacted her happiness when she was able to dig deep and find those hidden why's she found motivation that turned into action when we reach menopause belly fat is an issue that we must address however you can get rid of menopause belly fat by reducing the number of hours you eat reducing your carbohydrate intake and uncovering the hidden whys that compel you to take action if you would like a simple eating strategy to get started i encourage you to download my free zero one two three strategy it has been downloaded more than 80 000 times and comes with a video series that is not available for you here on youtube that i think you'll find inspiring and motivating and you can get those materials by going to dr beckyfitness.com free or following the links on this video please subscribe to my channel before you go by clicking the subscribe button and have a great rest of your day you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Joforyeshua [18 likes]: I do intermittent fasting, low carb and I still have a flabby fat belly 😢
  2. @Pollyanna_Nielsen [7 likes]: Counting calories, exercising every day, and not having alcohol, not smoking or having any type of vice has kept me healthy and my stomach is flat. I am 51 years old. I don't like that many videos, articles, podcasts, etc make it seem like,''You're menopausal, you will have a large belly and there is nothing you can do about it''.  I know I cannot eat as much as I ate in my teens and twenties and I can't skip the gym. That's basically it. I am not perfect, but I am healthy and fit. I hope not every woman who is menopausal feels that they are just going to HAVE to accept having a large fupa. I love knowing that there is something we can do to stay fit.
  3. @alanikeiser [7 likes]: I have tried IF, calorie deficit etc etc… none of that works for me.
What does work (I think! So far) is small meals throughout the day
  4. @beckygillaspy [6 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  5. @pigsinpyjamas9410 [1 likes]: No carbs whilst running is so hard!
  6. @Meg_LT [1 likes]: I eat a whole food plant based diet but i started it 25 years before i hit menopause so i never had a problem with weight gain. Its just hard to gain when you have a high carb low fat low protein diet of whole grains, legumes, veggies, and fruit.
  7. @padmagc7049 [1 likes]: Hello doctor, thank you for very informative video. Is it safe for person with galstones do intermittent fasting?
  8. @julieeskue2235: I’ve tried lose carbs/Keto and I actually gain weight and body fat. My body requires between 70-100 grams of carbs a day. My weight/body fat percentage is definitely better when I add in carbs.
  9. @moonfire41: This is advice I'm going to keep in mind. I have a horrible sweet tooth, especially in my late afternoon slump hours after lunch. Especially for coffee with semi sweet chocolate chunk ice cream I try to only eat once a week. I read especially at our age you shouldn't exceed 9 grams of sugar a day. One scoop of that has over 20! I exercise almost every day but some days I can't because of my work schedule. I hate looking like I'm 5 months pregnant at 60 and having to wear thick pants that suck it in so kids and teenagers don't make fun of me. I caught a little boy mocking me walking with his stomach out and his head leaned back. When I looked at him he straightened up like he hadn't been doing it. I was so angry! I can't look that bad can I? Another kid was asking his mom if I was pregnant and the mom had second hand embarrassment cuz she gave me a sympathetic look and said, "she's probably just pregnant." Then she ushered him away. I've been fighting the battle of the bulge since my late 30s but I gained 30 lbs over the last 20 years. Now I'm 60 and look like a lumpy protruding belly freak with short skinny legs and HATE my body. My waist and back have rolls too. I'm lifting weights at the gym and running 19 laps to get rid of it. Im watching what I eat and avoiding oils and carbs and most sugar. I've lost only about 5 lbs but not giving up. Getting old sucks.
  10. @pattyallen7634: Yes iam 67 and not moble due to stroke so i lost some but i need to lose it
  11. @leanneoud: So all you have said is just ways to be in a calorie deficit. I disagree with reducing carbs. You can be in a calorie deficit with eating carbs. Reducing carbs results in more cravings, unable to stick to a deficit and we hate ourselves again.
  12. @terricunningham6810: this will work well for some but not for me.  I am a non diabetic hypoglycemic.  I have to eat 3 normal meals and 3 snacks. I eat high protein low carb and lots of veggies and 1 fruit. this helps keep my blood sugar at a normal level.
  13. @deeeea281: How can you deal with the craving for food? I could do whatever if I wouldn't crave for food so bad.
  14. @MichelleBlackChannel: This video has got me to thinking.
  15. @mariatsipe2763: Why? Because I feel like I’m 8 months pregnant right now
  16. @mariatsipe2763: 14:10 is not fasting, it’s more like normal eating
  17. @PhoenixRising-p2v: It dorsnt work Ive tried it fasting SUCKS its not sustainable
  18. @fishchick72: Thank you so much. This is helpful & I am going to give your suggestions a try!
  19. @PutalBlak: Mam, that's, mean, only, frombelly,, andthies, gain, waight, and,what, about, upper, side
  20. @creationslandscapedesigns: I definitely have some perimenopausal belly fat. However, I don't have any weight to lose.

- The Fastest & Easiest Way To Get Rid of Menopause Belly Fat: Kind: captions Language: en menopause belly fat doesn't stand a chance against the step-by-step strategies I'm going to tell you about in this video so let's talk about the easiest most effective ways you can get rid of this fast so first of all what is menopause belly fat why is it so bad because the reality is not all body fat is created equal there's a couple different types there's subcutaneous fat that's what we know it's the pinch an inch Fat then there's the hidden fat this is the visceral adapost tissue and there's also intramuscular fat I'm really going to talk about visceral adapost tissue though because that's that fat around your belly that you're like what is going on here where did this come from and this is the worst fat of all because it is strongly linked with a higher risk of all sorts of serious health conditions like type 2 diabetes and heart disease and stroke because it's basically an indic Ator of insulin resistance and inflammation it's this metabolically active fat that really influences insulin and by the way it also has a bunch of receptors for cortisol too so when you have a bunch of fat in your internal organs you will start to become insulin resistant it then messes up your fat burning signaling and overall takes down your metabolism so we got to get a handle on it first let's talk about why it happens and if you noticed that as you started to go into per menopause this started to show up and you thought maybe you were seeing things you're not crazy this is clearly because one of the big risk factors is this low estrogen when estrogen starts to decline not only are we losing muscle which as we know that muscle is really important for insulin sensitivity and that you need estrogen it really helps build muscle but also lower estrogen means higher insulin and higher inflamm so there's one big problem you also heard about insulin resistance two hormones really can drive you to gain more fat or under your waist insulin and cortisol and again there are actually cortisol receptors around in your visceral adapost tissue so it makes it even easier for you to store more fat here and when cortisol's up blood sugar's up and when blood sugar's up then insulin's got to come up so you can see all these things play together and when estrogen drops it makes it harder it's estrogen acts as a counterbalance for cortisol so if estrogen drops it's easier for cortisol to shoot up so that Triad of of low estrogen elevated insulin elevated cortisol is like a triple threat for putting on visceral adapost tissue then you add fuel to the fire by adding in a little bit of wine at night maybe having some Ultra processed foods something high in fructose and then maybe you're doing that at 10:00 at night all that stuff is just compounding the problem so how do you know if you have it you probably are like I know I have it but I really am a big believer in measuring things so that we can track it so let's talk about how you can really see it first off if you do a dexa scan and if you haven't done one please please please please go do a dexa scan I think this is something that we should really be doing in our teens to start with to see our bone mineral density but once we start heading into per menopause at least annually get that dexa done and Bone Minal density is like the least important to me in this because if we're focusing on muscle mass bone mineral density is a lagging indicator of not having enough but the big thing you're going to see from dexa scan is you're going to see not just your skeletal muscle mass and that's super important but you're going to see your body fat but more importantly where that body Fat's located and this is how you can really see that visceral adapost tissue so it's going to tell you how much you have you basically want to make sure that you have 10% of less so your total body fat let's say that you have 30 pounds of body fat you then you'd want to have three pounds or less of visceral adapost tissue here's the reality though you want your visceral adapost tissue to be as close to zero as possible and yes you can get it there now at home you can use a biom pedon scale and they're going to give you a guesstimate of that visceral adapost tissue but truthfully at home the best thing for you to do is a waist measurement and to monitor your waist monitor your waist once a week I love this Bluetooth uh tape measure that I found I will put the information in the show notes on it because basically you can take your waist and your hip measurements and it will report to your phone so once a week do this and this is a great way to really monitor what's going on now that you know that how much you have let's talk about how to release it and the reality is no amount of sit-ups are going to help you here you cannot stop spot reduce it but you can Target going after it and here's what you're going to do first of all move all right you knew I was going to say this activity itself is going to increase your overall calorie spend so that's nice although we know that a bigger indicated the bigger way to really lose fat it's going to always be diet first but I'm going to talk you through what I want you to focus on because there are some things that really Target visceral adapost tissue so first of all moving more throughout the day but really making sure that you're getting your steps in so this was a crazy study that looked at taking 12,000 steps a day now remember 8,000 is sort of your floor for how many steps you want to get in a day okay eight think of 8,000 as your floor more is better more is better so goal of 12,000 would be fabulous so they did a 2019 study that was published in The BMC public health and they looked at how walking 12,000 steps a day could affect your body shape and your metabolic health and they looked at this in obese college students and side note on this I remember when an obese college student was going to be an anomaly and now you look at 40% of the adult population is obese like this something is wrong so they divided these participants into three groups so that one group was just walking 12,000 steps a day another group 3 days a week they added in some intensity into the walking and then there was a third group that like don't change anything and then they used a tracking device a smartwatch and they did this for 8 weeks so first off there was no significant difference in the daily steps between those two walking groups but here's where it gets fun and interesting the group that included that intensity the brisk walking saw notable improvements in their hip size and their visceral fat they also had better levels of good cholesterol lower fasting blood sugar and triglycerides and that is all indicators of insulin sensitivity and the group that was walking only didn't have those changes so what do we what do we do with this information you're wondering first of all let's say 8,000 is our floor more is better 8 what I'd love you to do is start to add some intensity into that how can you do that well I live in Florida so I mean I can I can up my speed but what I do here since I don't have Hills is I throw on a wrecking vest and I love this so much for us because it's such a great thing too for bone mineral density so how about you're doing your walking every day because it's like flossing your teeth it's non-negotiable right and then a couple times a week you throw on a Ruck and vest you start with 10 lbs and you build up from there now I'm going to share another study and this was from the Journal of Sport and Health Science it was March 2024 and this is why I always start before I tell people what I want them to do at the gym I always start with like let's get some walking going going because what this study found was that prolonged daily sitting time was Associated I know this is not a shocker with higher total and trunk fat percentages so trunkal fat visceral adapost tissue while sufficient physical activity was say with lower total body fat and trunk fat percentages and here's what this the real issue was it was the combination of prolong sitting and no physical activity that was associated with the highest total and trunk body fat percentages so the important take away here is that don't think that you can go to the gym 30 minutes a day and then sit for the rest of the day and make this all work and that is why when I'm doing exercise prescription the first thing I do is say let's make sure you're getting in your steps every day then let's add some intensity to the steps and then we're going to talk resistance training and hit but I want to focus on hit here high-intensity interval training because what we know about high-intensity interval training or hit sessions is that they like Target visceral adapost tissue so here was a 2018 metaanalysis it was published in sports medicine it was aimed at evaluating the effectiveness of hit and reducing total body fat along with abdominal visceral adapost tissue and it looked at adults who were either normal weight or they were overweight or obese and what they did was looked at 39 different studies with 617 participants that the average age was about 40 years and 52% were female here's what they found it's so amazing hit significantly lowered total abdominal and visceral fat and The Sweet Spot was hit training somewhere in the 70 to 90% of maximal heart rate and it significantly went after visceral adapost tissue so I'm going to give you a couple ways I love to do hit for this I think that doing just 10 bouts this is 20 minutes of one minute on one minute off so you get get on whatever you like it could be a stair Master a treadmill a an elliptical a bike doesn't matter one minute easy one minute hard one minute easy one minute hard and when I say hard it's hard hard as you can go for that minute it's not a Sprint but that's about 90% another thing that you could do is do more like a to Bata style where you do 20 seconds hard 10 seconds easy 20 seconds hard 10 seconds easy doesn't matter which way you do this you just got to do it and once you've gotten your walking and your hit the other thing that can be helpful here of course is resistance training why because resistance training is going to add muscle and muscle the fastest way to start restoring that insulin sensitivity and remember we've got issues with insulin sensitivity if we've got more of that visceral adapost tissue the other shout out that I like for both hit and resistance training is they can also help improve cortisol remember those things that we had to worry about low estrogen insulin resistance High insulin High cortisol so these all can contribute there all right let's flip over to food and when I think about food I'm always going to say eat protein first you kind of if you've been following me around at all you go she's going to say eat protein first well there's a reason there was a 2003 clinical trial that was published in the Journal of nutrition it looked at how different diets one Higher in protein and lower in carbs compared to a more traditional high carb diet they looked at those for women trying to lose weight and they had 24 women they were age 45 to 56 that's like you know the most challenging time right and they were all overweight so half of the women followed a diet that had 68 grams of protein daily it's kind of the average of what women do and the other half followed a diet that was 125 gam of protein daily now both the diets were matched for C calories and match for fat here's what happened so same amount of calories same amount of fat just the difference was protein and carbs right after 10 weeks the group that was on that higher protein diet lost slightly more weight so they lost 7.53 kg and the other group 6.96 kg so it was like just a little bit more but that's not the cool part the weight loss by the higher protein group was meanly fat while the other group lost some lean muscle okay that is like a news flash that's super important so by increasing basically that double the protein they were able to hold on to their muscle and just lose fat and the low protein group lost muscle and fat now both of them had better cholesterol levels but that higher protein group had big decreases in triglycerides whereas the other one didn't so what does this suggest that increasing your protein intake while cutting back on carbs could be better for losing this visceral adapost tissue not really a news flash so much but this is why I want you to swap out C of your carbs and get that protein think one gram per pound of Target body weight okay eat protein first not only is it going to help here with that visceral adapost tissue but we also know that protein's more thermic so it's going to help burn more calories burns more calories than if you're eating carbs or fat you've got better satiety and you've got better satisfaction you'll get rid of some of those Cravings especially the cravings for fructose or ultra-processed Foods or alcohol here's the reality with those what do we know about fructose fructose can actually start to perturb insulin sensitivity as well and can help you store more fat around your gut and a lot of ultra processed foods what are they they're damaged fats and fructose so we want to watch the fter processed foods which we know have a low thermic effect and are built to make you want more and overeat in fact what we see with people who eat a higher Ultra processed food diet they tend to eat about 500 more calories per day now the other one is alcohol we know alcohol causes more visceral adapost tissue too so just be aware of all of these and swap them swap out the ultra processed foods the higher fructose things like Agave swap those things out for polyphenol Rich high fiber FBS that are going to heal your microbiome now why am I picking on Ultra processed foods so much well Ultra processed food again is associated with eating more right and also increasing your fat fat in fact don't take my word for it there's a randomized control trial in the journal of clinical nutrition that talked about Ultra processed food so this study looked at the contribution of ultra processed foods in visceral fat deposition and other posy markers so they had 1485 Spanish men and women they were aged 55 to 75 and they did body comp measurements and they also did a fruit food frequency questionnaire now I will tell you those are like kind of lame they did this at the beginning six months and 12 months most people if you ask them what they at yesterday they can't really remember or they have selective memory but it's the best we got so here's what they found from this so they catery the food by the degree of processing and they also looked at fat fat they looked at what's called Android to gynoid Fat so really are you more apple or more pear-shaped and then total body fat and what they found was that at Baseline there was an average intake of 8% at ultr processed food and that when they increased their Ultra processed food by 10% they had more visceral adapost tissue and more overall fat and then again of course we also know as I mentioned earlier that when you me Al processed food you tend to eat more in fact what the research shows is that we tend to eat about 500 calories more a day and it alter processed food has a lower thermic effect so that's problematic now one more piece to this puzzle is hydration and hydration is interesting because even being mildly dehydrated like 1% hydration which we know we can't tell if we're dehydrated like by the time you're thirsty you're dehydrated little bits of dehydration actually raise cortisol remember cortisol is one of those things that makes you store more fat around your waistline and can slow your metabolism down a bit turns out we have something that I learned from Dr Rick Johnson called a fructose switch which means if you're mildly dehydrated your body frees up glycogen that's carbohydrates that have been stored in your liver freeze them up converts them to fructose and then stores them as fat so that you will have fat there and you'll be able to use it in times of severe dehydration to release water because when you burn fat you release water it's called the fructose switch so mild dehydration not much can do this so make sure you're staying well hydrated and that's another big benefit of a biom pedan scale is it's looking at total body water it will tell you if you're dehydrated so I talked about tracking with that the other thing that I want you to do is just track your overall food and if you are not dropping that body fat consider doing a little caloric restriction and possibly some intermittent fasting and here's how I like to do this first thing I have you do is track what you're eating making sure you're optimizing your protein you're getting in those non-starchy vegetables then I start going all right let's eat start eating 1 to 2 hours after waking up in the morning stop eating 2 to 4 hours before bed ideally 3 hours or more and start there kick out the snacks eat your breakfast lunch and dinner big thing of course is cutting that late night eating it really messes with your blood sugar right so that's the first thing you might find that that's enough especially with upping your protein but if you're not then seeing that change in your visceral adapost tissue consider doing a 25% caloric restriction 5 days a week it's a cycling caloric restriction I learned this from Dr Bill Campbell so you take your average of what you're eating because you've now been tracking for a week or two and take the average don't take one day take an average over the week and cut it 5 days of the week by 25% and that might be as simple as going you know I'm just going to push my breakfast to 3 hours after I wake up and I drop my dinner to a little bit earlier and just have like two meals that could be an easy way to pull it off right and just do that super easy now next thing I have to talk about sleep and stress because cortisol is such a big player ideal sleep is somewhere between 7 and 9 hours I'm right there at like an 8 and a halfer and one poor night of sleep for you and that means not getting good quality sleep because it's not just how long you're in bed it's how well you're sleeping but just a little bit of poor sleep causes insulin resistance in fact we know that sleep restriction and sleep deprivation causes insulin resistance of course higher insulin means it's easier for you to store fat around your waistline and by the way one. I sleep you're also hungrier so it's a bad combination also we got to look at your overall stress because chronic stress means chronically elevated cortisol which of course is going to elevate blood sugar leading to insulin resistance but it also elevates cortisol which is going to lead to more visceral adapost tissue now likely you can't get rid of the source of chronic stress if you could that's the easiest the more realistic thing is what do you need to do to be able to handle that level of stress having been around a lot of high performers in my lifetime it's not that they don't have the stress it's that they've learned how to tolerate higher and higher levels of stress and this is why I love exercise because that's what exercise teaches you to do that's what lifting heavy things that's what doing high intensity Level Training teaches your body to do how to handle hard things and recover right so really important because we've got to be able to handle cortisol and we've got to become more insulin sensitive to combat this visceral adapost tissue now I'm going to give you a little bonus point one and that's cold exposure cold exposure is super cool because what it can do is basically take that white fat beige it which makes it easier to to burn I'm not going to get too into the Weeds on white fat beige fat Brown fat but know that brown fats this fat that's very easy to burn and you can take your white fat when you get cold cold tends to Target right into the visceral adapost tissue and make it easier to burn so I do a cold exposure couple days a week in the morning I don't do it after I work out because I don't want to block muscle protein synthesis but a couple days a week I do 10minute hot sauna and then I hate it I get in my cold plunge and I do it for generally 2 to 4 minutes at about 50° cuz after talking to Dr Stacy Sims I realized I didn't have to make it super freezing cold like my husband does and so I make it 50° 2 to 4 minutes one other thing that can be super helpful Here Is bioidentical hormone replacement therapy because remember the role of estrogen estrogen is going to help us build muscle we always think testosterone but for women estrogen is huge for building muscle estrogen huge as an anti-inflammatory so it's anabolic it's an anti-inflammatory right and when your estrogen drops your metabolic rate's going to drop a little too so it can make a huge difference to do with a doctor well- trained in menopause because hormone balance is so crucial for losing menopause belly fat these strategies here these can help you set that foundation for smooth sailing but again hormone replacement therapy is its own huge topic and this deserves a closer look so watch my next video on the three warning signs that you need hormone replacement therapy to learn more for

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertaj3767 [15 likes]: Why don’t insurance companies pay for procedures to remove menopause belly fat when it is such a disease-causing issue? They will pay for other preventive procedures, such as MRIs, mammograms, knee surgeries, etc🧐
  2. @MichelleBlackChannel [10 likes]: Love that this is being talked about — but what I’ve seen working with midlife women is that there’s no true “fast” way if the gut is inflamed and blood sugar isn’t stable.

So many women are clean eating, working out, doing all the things — and their belly fat still won’t budge. Why? Because their body doesn’t feel safe.

Once we calm hidden inflammation, restore gut health, and support hormones, that “stubborn fat” finally starts to move — and it stays off. This is the conversation more women need to hear 🙌
  3. @wyomingpark [9 likes]: So many people on YouTube say so many different things for menopause. 1 doctor says hiit  training is no good for menopause because it raises cortisol levels way too much. And weight training should be moderate not to failure. Same deal. Everybody says different things and it becomes way more confusing
  4. @robertaj3767 [8 likes]: Increase bone density by rebounding! And clean your lymph as well!
  5. @acf9406 [6 likes]: For me to be able to do all of this I would have to quit my job.
Working out, 8000 steps... you name it
It takes more than 1 hour tk walk 10k steps, then lifting weights - no more than 1 hour, if you have to drive to the gym it's way more than 1hour...
Add a Joe Dispenza meditation (another hour...), I have to ask Joe Dispenza for lessons on how not to sleep.
  6. @Sylvie3273 [4 likes]: Start water fasting one to two days a week and learn mindful breathing to sleep you’ll lose all fat
  7. @karenp637 [2 likes]: Well! Thanks for bringing this all to my attention as I’m sitting here at 1:30 in the morning eating a bowl of popcorn and chasing it with a cup of coffee. No wonder I’m having a hard time losing weight!! 😩
  8. @cocosheffield79 [1 likes]: Why talk about steps and college students when i came to learn about menopause belly fat?
  9. @cherylkunzelman3102 [1 likes]: It’s very hard to lose visceral fat from a wheelchair. Really trying with careful diet, weights and a bit of getting heart rate up but it’s not as easy when you can’t walk.
  10. @JulieLucero-r6u [1 likes]: What do you think about vibration plates
  11. @melba82505: I live in the desert Southwest and we are in a severe drought / running out of water supply. Instead of cold water immersion, can I put ice packs on my visceral fat? @jjvirginvideos
  12. @United-cq7qk: I’m so confused now. My trainer said if I do HIIT it’ll increase my cortisol so my body will store fat due to this cortisol 😩
  13. @AnonymousPerson0182: You are over explaining things that we don’t want to know. We just want a solution. Learn to shorten your videos.
  14. @Viv8ldi: 💜
  15. @Ke-qv3md: What kind of rucking vest do you use and do you have a link for it?
  16. @WasteAwarenessInitiative: no new info
  17. @barbiezurawski9032: I did a dexa yesterday. How can I get rid of it. I have 31% body fat and 1.1lbs of visceral fat. Is this that bad. Thank you
  18. @AnnetteGreen: Thank you for the info! Can you tell me what brand of weighted vest you like?
  19. @janicealderson4329: I have stopped drinking except Saturday and just one drink.  My body is thin with a belly pooch and a  bag at the base of each rib (which is unusual I think).  I am now doing your ball exercises and weights I love your videos!
  20. @lorisutton2423: Totally off subject, what brand is your coffeemaker.

- I’ve Changed My Diet (Menopause Made Me Do It): Kind: captions Language: en-US For the past eight years, I have been&nbsp; following a low-carb diet and practicing&nbsp;&nbsp; intermittent fasting. I still do those things.&nbsp; But, blame it on menopause or just Father Time,&nbsp;&nbsp; now that I am in my later 50s, I have had&nbsp; to make some modifications to feel my best.&nbsp;&nbsp; This video details the specifics&nbsp; of how my diet has changed and why. [Intro Music] With age comes wisdom, but age&nbsp; also brings some physical changes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I have noticed the changes&nbsp; in my body that come with age. To be specific, belly fat is&nbsp; a real thing after menopause;&nbsp;&nbsp; eating for health becomes more real with age,&nbsp; and body composition shifts toward fat rather&nbsp;&nbsp; than muscle if you are not watching. Those&nbsp; are the main reasons that I changed my diet. To keep pace with my changing body,&nbsp; I have adjusted my daily and monthly&nbsp;&nbsp; macronutrient ratio, which I will explain.&nbsp; I have also taken steps to support muscle,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I have shifted my snack choices. What has not changed is my focus&nbsp; on the 3Es and eating whole foods. Eating and physical activity should always&nbsp; be looked at as a long-range adjustment,&nbsp;&nbsp; not a quick fix. Long-range adjustments are&nbsp; achievable for anyone when the plan you have&nbsp;&nbsp; meets the 3Es, meaning your plan is easy for&nbsp; you to follow, enjoyable, and effective. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you have those three things in place, there is&nbsp; no need or desire to go back to your old habits. The changes I have made fit my 3Es, and&nbsp; adding GEM to my daily routine has as well. GEM is a real-food multivitamin that provides&nbsp; nutrients your body can readily absorb and use. These GEM bites have become an&nbsp; enjoyable part of my daily routine. It looks like a treat, and it is,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it is a treat that is packed with more&nbsp; than 20 whole food vitamins, minerals,&nbsp;&nbsp; superfoods, prebiotics and probiotics to&nbsp; help fill the gaps in your daily nutrition. On my diet, I eat both plant and animal&nbsp; foods. A flaw is that I am routine,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I tend to eat the same salad and vegetable&nbsp; side dishes each day. GEM gives me a variety&nbsp;&nbsp; of nutrients that I do not get from my typical&nbsp; diet, and I love that about these GEM bites. You can eat a bite any time of day, I&nbsp; enjoy one after lunch. It has a nice tangy,&nbsp;&nbsp; citrus flavor and a really&nbsp; satisfying chewy texture. Right now, is a great time to try these real-food,&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrient-dense bites because GEM&nbsp; is offering a special deal off your&nbsp;&nbsp; first month! Go to dailyGEM.com/DRBECKY&nbsp; and use my code DRBECKY at checkout! The first change I have made involves shifting&nbsp; my macros. I have done this daily to include&nbsp;&nbsp; more protein and monthly by incorporating&nbsp; three-day periods of intermittent carnivore. As we age, one of the biggest threats to quality&nbsp; of life is the loss of muscle and muscle strength.&nbsp;&nbsp; Eating more protein after you reach the age&nbsp; of 50 supports muscle mass preservation,&nbsp;&nbsp; and when paired with resistance&nbsp; exercises that tax your muscles,&nbsp;&nbsp; it preserves muscle strength&nbsp; and encourages growth. You have likely heard that more&nbsp; protein is good as we age. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; what does that look like? It is more&nbsp; simple than you may imagine. For instance,&nbsp;&nbsp; when I started eating low-carb, I&nbsp; followed a 60-20-20 macronutrient ratio,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning 60 percent of my daily calories came&nbsp; from fat and 20 percent came from both protein&nbsp;&nbsp; and carbohydrates. My diet today is closer to&nbsp; 60-25-15. So, my fat intake has stayed the same,&nbsp;&nbsp; while my protein intake increased by 5 percent&nbsp; and my carb intake decreased by the same amount. A 5 percent increase in daily protein will depend&nbsp; on your calorie intake, but for most, this means&nbsp;&nbsp; adding 15 to 25 grams of protein. For example,&nbsp; I have added a protein shake after I exercise,&nbsp;&nbsp; which boosts my protein intake by 13 grams, and&nbsp; I have added a hard-boiled egg or a couple of&nbsp;&nbsp; ounces of chicken or meat to my daily salad&nbsp; for an additional 6 to 10 grams of protein. I have also incorporated three-day periods of&nbsp; intermittent carnivore into my monthly diet. The Intermittent Carnivore Diet,&nbsp; as I call it, is a diet regimen&nbsp;&nbsp; that introduces brief periods of eating zero&nbsp; carbs or as close to that goal as possible. On a carnivore diet, you eat meat and&nbsp; other animal products. There are no&nbsp;&nbsp; plant-based foods because all&nbsp; plants contain carbohydrates. I love this dieting strategy and utilize it&nbsp; twice a month. I have a video describing what&nbsp;&nbsp; I eat and how I do it. I will leave a link&nbsp; for you if you would like all of the details. To give you an overview for this video,&nbsp; the concept of intermittent carnivore&nbsp;&nbsp; is simple. For three days, you eat only&nbsp; carnivore foods. So, food choices include&nbsp;&nbsp; meats (i.e., beef, bison, fish, lamb, organ meats,&nbsp; pork, poultry, seafood), eggs, bone broth, animal&nbsp;&nbsp; fats (i.e., butter, lard, tallow), and some dairy&nbsp; products (i.e., full-fat milk, cream, cheese). I do not count calories on my carnivore days.&nbsp; One of the nice things you find about the diet&nbsp;&nbsp; is that your food intake is self-limiting.&nbsp; There are not a lot of choices, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; choices that are allowed are high in protein&nbsp; and fat, two very hunger-satisfying nutrients. The second change I have made is&nbsp; adding creatine to my daily routine. Creatine is a supplement that supports&nbsp; muscle growth and strength. I have&nbsp;&nbsp; used it periodically for years, but&nbsp; now I use it as a daily supplement. Creatine came into significance in the&nbsp; body-building world because it helps&nbsp;&nbsp; your muscles produce energy. But creatine&nbsp; supplementation has been shown to act as a&nbsp;&nbsp; possible countermeasure to the menopausal-related&nbsp; decrease in muscle, bone, and strength. And while some research suggests that&nbsp; the supplement alone can improve muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; mass and strength in older adults, the results&nbsp; are best when paired with resistance training. One thing I will note about creatine is that&nbsp; it can increase water retention in muscles.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is a good thing, not a bad one. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; that water retention may show up as a&nbsp; couple of pounds of weight gain when&nbsp;&nbsp; you step on the scale. It does not cause you&nbsp; to gain fat. Quite the opposite, but you may&nbsp;&nbsp; gain weight from the water retention in your&nbsp; muscles initially and muscle growth over time. The third thing that I have changed is my snack&nbsp; choices. I found that I felt better and had an&nbsp;&nbsp; easier time maintaining my weight when I replaced&nbsp; my typical low-carb snacks with protein snacks. When I started eating low-carb, typical snacks&nbsp; included full-fat yogurt with blueberries,&nbsp;&nbsp; raw or toasted nuts, and dark chocolate. Today,&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel my best when I satisfy between-meal-hunger&nbsp; with a beef stick, hard-boiled eggs, or cheese. These trade-offs have helped me achieve&nbsp; my daily macronutrient shift toward more&nbsp;&nbsp; protein and fewer carbs without sacrificing&nbsp; the 3E's. Grabbing a beef stick, boiled egg,&nbsp;&nbsp; or a few slices of cheese is&nbsp; easy, enjoyable, and effective. I like routine as much as anyone, but we&nbsp; live in dynamic bodies that adapt as time&nbsp;&nbsp; passes. If your diet feels stale, you&nbsp; are not progressing toward your goal,&nbsp;&nbsp; or the things that have worked in the past are no&nbsp; longer working, be open to making some changes. Over the past year, I have added more daily&nbsp; protein, incorporated monthly intermittent&nbsp;&nbsp; carnivore days, added creatine, and shifted&nbsp; to protein snacks. These changes have been&nbsp;&nbsp; effective for me, and I hope they give you some&nbsp; ideas that you can incorporate into your life. Are there things that you have&nbsp; shifted in your diet over time? If so,&nbsp;&nbsp; please share them in the comments below.&nbsp; Thanks for watching and thanks to GEM for&nbsp;&nbsp; sponsoring this video. I will leave a&nbsp; link to the GEM bites and the videos&nbsp;&nbsp; I mentioned in the description or more&nbsp; area below. Have a great rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheGospel4Women [7 likes]: Im only 46 and post menopausal. The only shower that has worked for my family and i is low carbing. Every time i go off for 2  years,  i get sick and gain up to 50 lbs. It happened 3 times in the past 22 years.  But now with menopause,  I realize i have no choice but to do this for the rest of my life.
  2. @GlobalMenopauseCollective [2 likes]: Menopause often asks us to evolve, even with habits that once worked perfectly. This honest reflection is such a reminder that our bodies’ needs change with time, and honoring that change with awareness, not resistance, is true wellness.”
  3. @MichelleBlackChannel [2 likes]: This hit home. So many women I work with are already eating clean and doing the “right” things — but still feel bloated, exhausted, and stuck in a body that won’t respond.

It’s not that their diet is bad… it’s that their body has changed.
Gut health, blood sugar, and hormone shifts in midlife create a whole new playing field — and unless we support those systems, even healthy habits can backfire.

Thank you for talking about this so clearly. Women need to know it’s not their fault — they just need a new strategy 💛
  4. @barbyantha6183 [2 likes]: I lost 22 pounds in my late 50s. I started IF, ate 4oz of protein at lunch and dinner, had 2-3 servings of carbs . I stayed at that weight for four years. Without changing anything, I started gaining weight. It’s been two years of trying to figure out what it is my body is needing from me so that I can make it happy again and go back to the weight! So frustrating!
  5. @KickinA874: I'm 58 and have not been able to figure weight loss out . I am going to keep listening to you . Snacking at night is going to stop !
  6. @BeyondMenopause: Am happy I came across this honestly
  7. @janeobrien5834: Unfortunately, I can’t eat meat! Just watch a factory farming video and anyone with compassion will never eat meat again!
  8. @Collieb7: I heard you need to add fruit or fruit juice when consuming creatine. Since im on keto what are your thoughts to get the creatine benefits if not consuming fruit
  9. @deepost2604: I was headed low carb/keto for years.  What motivated me to get more strict with my macros were two diagnosis. First was osteopenia at age 78, later my glucose level put me in prediabetic range at age 82.  I’ve chosen to approach both of these with dietary changes, including periods of carnivore.  My recent Dexa scan showed increase in right femur while spine held steady.
A1C is now in normal range.  Perhaps both of these conditions were avoidable if I had made the dietary changes earlier.  I sincerely hope that young women get preventative dietary guidance. Decline doesn’t HAVE to be part of menopause.
  10. @tony-ki5jf: Hy, How many grams of salt do we need for a diet with about 75g of carbs please? thank you for the video
  11. @LetsBHonest: Walking (zone 2) every day  and one 24 hour fast per week is what I added to my ketovore lifestyle
  12. @lavenderbudtree: Has anyone had better blood work doing keto? Carnivore?
  13. @MargoWatson-c9u: Dr Becky can you please discuss the metabolic and other changes that men experience during andropause such as increased insulin resistance and obesity. We are so FOCUSED on women and their reproductive systems that we forget that men ALSO age and experience a host of symptoms as testosterone declines in mid life during andropause.
  14. @Oceangirl-67: What Creatine is best? There are gobs of brands.
  15. @lesliezeledon364: You gave me a lot to think about.
  16. @simplycurlyde: I basically do all that, but it doesn't seem to be working for me😫 anymore. I don't know what else to do. I was able to lost 63 lbs in the 1st 3 yrs when I started my WLJ & then it stopped & gained 17 lbs in the past yr. Nothing I do seems to be working for me anymore 😫 Maybe I should give those gems a try.
  17. @Fluffnstuff777: What’s really fun is menopause and being disabled. 😢😢😢
  18. @SolrenCaelwyn: So what do you think of Prof Christopher Gardner from Stanford’s take that protein is being eaten to much. Zoe interview
  19. @glacey4906: Why dont you just eat real food instead of gem
  20. @MancunianInLondon: Just found your channel. Great. Feels more realistic and achievable than watching 'fitness influencers' and their 6 packs attained by surreptitious consumption of 'enhancers' and mountains of bull. I'm going to spend time watching more of your vlogs, Thanks

- Why Women Gain Visceral Fat & Lose Muscle During Perimenopause? The Role of HRT & Exercise: Kind: captions Language: en So, let's talk about perry menopause. What do I need to be thinking about and what what age group typically is pmenopause? Um, I guess it can be a wide spectrum, but when does that typically start and how do I need to be thinking about my nutrition and exercise in that phase? So, around age 35 up to I think they say now the average age of menopause is 52 years old. Okay. So what's happening in that 15 to 17 year span is you're having such a change in the ratio of estrogen and progesterone early days a lot of it appears as I'm not adapting to my training. It's not working well. I'm putting on more body fat. I'm becoming squishy. I'm not sleeping well. I'm having lots of mood changes. It must be. This is why a lot of doctors say, "Oh, it's because you're busy and stressed out. Here's a serotonin reuptake inhibitor." But no, it's changes in the ratios. How can we dial it in? We look at menstrual cycles and is it becoming shorter or longer? What's our bleed phase? We get into our mid to late 40s. It's very apparent because there are a lot of different changes that are occurring. We're seeing a change in our blood lipids. There's an increase in our low density lipoprotein, which is the quote bad cholesterol. Even if a woman's never had an issue with it, now all of a sudden she's having issues with her cholesterol. We see A1C coming up, which is a marker for diabetes, pre-diabetes, without any real change in what they're doing other than the fact that their exercise isn't working. Their sleep is a little bit disrupted and their body composition is completely changing. And when we're lo looking at what's happening, we see that decrease in gut microbiome diversity because we don't have as many sex hormones. So that impacts serotonin, that impacts vitamin production, that impacts parasympathetic drive, and we're also seeing a misstep in the way liver is reading fat and fat circulation. So we're seeing free fatty acids that are coming around. And because we don't have as much estrogen, we don't have as much anti-inflammatory responses. So, we can't pull as many free fatty acids into the mitochondria and the skeletal muscle to be used as fuel. So, they circulate and the liver has a signal that goes, we're going to change that free fatty acid into what we call estrified fatty acid, which then gets stored as visceral fat. And visceral fat is that dangerous fat that gets stored around the organs, which is why women start to get like a menopot or develop a lot of abdominal ataposity. So people will start seeing this and going, I don't understand what's going on. Over the past six months, I put on 10 pounds or or I put on four stone, right? What's going on? My training is not working. Become very despondent. And if they don't know they're in pmenopause, then they don't know that that's what's happening. And how can they find out if they are? Well, it's really symptomatic because we can't use blood tests. There isn't a definitive blood test to say, "Hey, you're a permenopausal." You have to have a a history of everything of getting blood tests like every week. And no one does that. So we have to go on symptomology really using the socioultural aspect of how a woman is experiencing life with her symptoms and really listen and say okay well here are the things that are going on and we try to instigate non hormonal options there's exercise there's lifestyle and then if all else is really going to then we can look at using some menopause hormone therapy just like we were talking about oimpact being a tool So hormone therapy can also be a tool. Does it matter my pre-existing health when I approach menopause? If I'm if I've got more weight on my body, is that going to impact the amount of symptoms that I experience of menopause? It can. Yeah, it can. We see that there is a greater incidence of vasom motor symptoms or hot flashes for women who have a greater amount of body fat. Um we also see that if you have more lean mass then you're going to have less of an incidence of insulin um resistance. So body composition has a huge play in symptomology. And then you also have to look at what your mom went through because if your mom had a really really horrible time with lots of vasom motor symptoms and body composition change there's a genetic link. doesn't necessarily mean that you're going to experience the same thing, but you have a greater predisposition to having more severe symptomology. How should I be thinking about exercise as I'm going through my menopause journey? So, we look, as I said earlier, exercise is a really good stress for adaptive change. So, when we start getting into all these ratio shifts of estrogen, progesterone, we can't rely on our hormones to create those adaptive changes. And so what I mean by that is like estrogen is responsible for muscle protein synthesis and and strength and power for women. Progesterone and estrogen responsible for bone bone growth, bone density. We can't rely on our hormones for that anymore. We have to look for an external stress. So this is where exercise comes in. So if we're looking specifically at how to invoke a stress to change our insulin sensitivity in in other words improve our blood glucose control we need to do proper highintensity work. So that sprint interval or it's true highintensity work to create a stress that's high enough to have the brain say hey this is a really really really strong stress I need to invoke changes within the skeletal muscle to be able to store more glucose. I also need to invoke more changes in the mitochondria so that it can use and store more free fatty acids and I'm going to have more miaakine released from the skeletal muscle to tell the liver don't estify those fatty acids. I want to use them at rest so we don't get viseral fat gain. So hit workouts. Yeah. Plyometrics. Yeah. Which is what jumping and stuff. Resistance training. Absolutely. Weights, right? Yeah. But specific to the type of weights that you're doing. What about frequency of training and how long I train for? We want to think about less volume and more quality. Okay, so we're not going to the gym for an hour and a half every day. We're looking at doing short, sharp, highintensity cardio or we're looking at doing powerbased resistance training three times a week and the cardio can be u two to four times a week. Why why shorter durations of training? We're looking at intensity. So, if we're doing long slow stuff or we're doing moderate intensity zone 2 stuff, that's not really going to create the kind of stress that we need to invoke change. What about um saunas and stuff like that? Yeah, absolutely. We see that women who go into the sauna um get better control over things like hot flashes because it's all about temperature and temperature control. So if the blood going through the brain is really hot, it understands, hey, this is what hot is and can then have subsequent peripheral changes for controlling heat and understanding heat as well as central changes to understand heat. And what about food through menopause? Is there a specific diet that I should be thinking about for menopause? We want a higher protein intake, of course, because as we get older, we become more anabolically resistant to protein. So that means our body isn't responding as much to the amino acids. So we need a higher dose to invoke muscle protein synthesis and bone regeneration, nerve regeneration. Also knowing that the recommended daily allowance that's out there for protein, especially for women, is based on sedentary older men. So it's not really adequate for what we're looking for. Uh so we want higher incidence of protein at regular intervals across the day and again taking care of that gut microbiome. So we want a lot of colorful fruit and veg that also helps with uh blood glucose control as well as creating that diversity so that we are able to reduce the amount of of bacteria that is responsible for storing body fat. We want to have that great amount of diversity of gut microbiomes to or great diversity of the gut microbiome to have more of the bacteria that says, "Hey, you know what? We want more lean mass. We want to have less body fat." I noticed earlier on when you talked about hormone therapy, you referred to it as menopausal hormone therapy as opposed to hormone replacement therapy. Yeah. Most people say HRT, right? Right. Why do you say something different? Yeah. I got a lot of my chops and menopause work through the women's health initiative and I'm not going to apologize for that cohort because this study was designed to look at older women going through pmenop or going through menopause and does it work. So there's a whole issue around WHI and other things, but when we look at specifically women who are going through menopause or permenopause into menopause, we're not looking to replace hormones. We're looking at a therapy to attenuate change. If we're looking at hormone replacement, that could be thyroid, that could be uh premature ovarian failure, that we need to have some um estrogen, progesterone. We're looking at menopause and pmenopause in itself. We're looking at using a hormone dose that is a very low physiologic um level so that we don't have symptomology. So the body is not going to have vasom motor symptoms and is not going to have mood changes and is not going to really have an incredible amount of body composition change. If we're replacing hormones, people have the idea that it's going to be the same physiologic level as when we were in our reproductive years, and that's not the case. Is there also bit of an underlying notion that women are using these hormones to as a way to stay young? And when you say replace, you're kind of implying that they're fighting against something. Yep. That we are replacing our hormones to stay young and be in our reproductive years. So if we look at western society and I like to use um the cast of friends as an example from you know 90s to now right and we see that the cast of friends women all have a certain look that they've had to maintain in order to be viable in Hollywood which means that they're thin they have good body composition they are don't have any wrinkles they have really good lustrous hair and that's the image that women have now of how they're supposed to age where men not so We see the images of men who are aging becoming more uh demure I guess. So they have gray hair, they have some wrinkles, they're very distinguished and that's the image we have of men aging. There's a huge disconnect in society. So when women start to experience pmenopause, it's a definitive point of aging and people are afraid to age. Everyone's afraid to age for the most part. The idea of aging gracefully or embracing it hasn't quite gotten to mainstream. So when someone's like, "Here's some hormones to replace so you can stay young." People are like, "Great." But we look at the research and it's not about staying young. It's about slowing the rate of change that's so severe that creates quality of life distress. And we also see that the research isn't there for maintaining brain integrity to prevent dementia, which is the other thing that's floating around. It's not there. there's no evidence to show that taking hormone therapy is going to stop dementia. So, there's lots of things out there that's a a disconnect and trying to say it's menopause hormone therapy is one way of getting people to understand that it's not an anti-aging agent. It's something to help with this phase of a life and to help get through so that we don't have severe changes to our daily life and who we are as a person. Is there anything else that we need to talk about as it relates to menopause? Just want to make sure we've covered it all. Covered it all. It gets better on the other side. I think that's something people don't talk about is per menopause is such the conversation now with all the the conversations around hormone therapy, exercise, lifestyle, but no one talks about the other side once you've gotten through pmenopause. Do my joints stop hurting? Do I stop having all these sleep interruptions? Do I stop having to worry about my bones? And if you're putting in the right lifestyle changes to maintain bone health, yes. On the other side, everything becomes a new normal without the pain and dysfunction because it's the shift in hormones that's creating so many different issues with every system of the body. So if we get through this with really good um interventions for preventing or attenuating the changes that are happening, the other side is much better.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mssjbsf77 [3 likes]: I'm in my late 40's and only realized that this was happening to me (peri) less than 2 years ago. I am BEYOND grateful to live in a time where this info is available to us. My doctor is feckless in this regard and it pisses me off to have to self-govern but here I am. I've implemented everything Stacy says and look forward to beating this thing as best I can without hrt. Thank you for the info!
  2. @OnMyGrindNowForever [2 likes]: These videos only focus on weight gain in perimenopause. Some women lose a tremendous amount of weight. I've gone from a size 12 to a size 6 in about 10 months. And I can't find ANYTHING on the internet that's talking about this. And yes I've done all the tests, etc and nothing's wrong with me. But I'm STILL loosing weight even though I'm eating ok.
  3. @kcampbell3045 [1 likes]: I'm at my wits end about all the weight gain and nothing I am doing working.  I went from sailing through fairly smoothly to one day waking up to hurting, stiffness, weight gain that doesn't respond to anything.  I realy REALLy wish there was a doctor in my area I could trust  to be up to date on the science like you.  Someone who won't brush me off.
  4. @karinewolney4636 [1 likes]: Can anyone help out finding an free online workout program that can support this? It’s a lot of theory but how do I actually go about it. Thank you!! 😊
  5. @AvaInAfrica [1 likes]: The problem here is that hiit caused such high cortisol spikes for me that I started feeling uncontrollably weepy.
  6. @pureandsimplefitness [1 likes]: I appreciate her perspective so much. It very real and discusses natural ways to get through the interesting phase of life. I especially love how it ends! It gets better on the other side and I truly believe it will. 🫶🏾
  7. @beckyporter9970: It feels like a second puberty
  8. @beckyporter9970: 👏👏👏
  9. @tanyabell9764: I am 51 . Perimenopause has been detrimental , with debilitating insomnia, fatigue and mood changes. Regular relaxation (Yoga, Pilates and meditation) and, cardio and strength training are way to go for. Thanks dr Simms for all your expert advice and reassurance.
  10. @marylindgolden3544: How do you know if you need HRT
  11. @coachlisamichelle: I took her menopause course and it blessed my whole life, the women I get to train with and my clients. She’s a beast!🔥💪🏾❤️‍🔥
  12. @amandalee2283: Love your wisdom and care for women thank u Stacy!!❤
  13. @deafish4577: Finally, a realistic approach! 🎉
  14. @nathaliekaprisky1155: I’m 55 and post menopausal and the other side is not better yet. I was sleeping like a baby and had no joint pain and the troubles started when my period stoped. I don’t take HRT but I’m thinking about it to get regain good night sleep and alleviate night sweat. I generally follow what Dr Sims is talking about but it’s working progress really.
  15. @Inabe11a: I’m 41 years old, 170lbs, 4”11. have strength trained here and there never lost any weight because i didnt follow a diet but i did get stronger. As of mid year my periods began to be irregular.  It began at the end of May, i didn’t get my period for June, but i did get it in July, then it skipped August and came back at the end of September. I asked my doctor about testing for perimenopause and they said my test were fine I’m too young, but as of October I’m getting hot flashes and as of December i have not had my period. Since i had my kids i have had a belly, but these last couple of month i look like I’m pregnant that’s how big my belly is. Please help me get in shape.
  16. @nosakhareobakpoler9825: This is me right here. OMG!!!
  17. @tina.bob.uh.lina_xo: I started my perimenopause in 2020. Since then, all cardio, especially HIIT, triggers my migraines; the migraines last about a week. I've tried the saunas at Hotworx and the heat also triggered my migraines. I've gained at least 60 lbs since 2020. I was praying for helpful advice. 😟
  18. @candiceverpaelst-ud3kk: Does hormone therapy cause cancer?
  19. @quinnrivers527: I just cannot express my gratitude for the work you and other women are doing to learn, educate and spread awareness. ❤
  20. @KickinA874: Hi there, my mom and her 80s has paper. Thin skin does hormone therapy help the skin stay thicker she basically can rip her skin just by someone touching it too hard.

- The Fat Burning Expert: The REAL Reason You’re Not Losing Belly Fat (and How To Fix It Fast!): Kind: captions Language: en I asked my audience for the 15 most popular unanswered questions about how to lose fat or to gain muscle mass. The first one, how do I lose weight fast? But we just answered that. >> Yeah. The second one is creatine is a miracle thing that everybody should be taking. >> There's almost nothing creatine can't do. Wow, some statement. Next, is there any harm in eating too much protein? It's rare, and in fact, almost everybody who has some degree of an issue with their body fat levels under consume protein. The next question is about PCOS. What would you say to a woman struggling with PCOS in terms of dietary prescription? That's a damn good question, man. Can I go into detail with this? Because a lot of people are very misinformed about this stuff. >> The floor is yours. Okay, so Alan Aragon has been using science to help elite athletes unlock peak performance for over 30 years. And now he's breaking down the nutrition and training strategies that actually deliver results. It's important to take an evidence-based approach to diet, nutrition, training, supplementation. Because if you don't, then you end up wasting a lot of time. So let's start with protein. So how much protein should I be eating to gain muscle? What is your goal body weight? It's around 90. Take 90 and multiply that by There's your protein target. What about calorie restriction? I've heard you say that 10 or 20% of your calories can come from pretty much anything you want. Literally anything. So I could eat McDonald's or something, and I could still lose weight theoretically. That's true. And this is reflected in research along with diet breaks. That's one of the tactics that you can use for a long-term adherence to a plan. And I'll explain how. I also wanted to talk about the ketogenic diets, menopause, fasting, sugars, and this. That that always gets me, man. That that picture always gets me. Why? I used to drink heavily. I was overworked and trying to be the best father and the best husband. And it got real bad. I just needed to stop. And I did. How? I just Wow, really? Yes. I see messages all the time in the comment section that some of you didn't realize you didn't subscribe. So if you could do me a favor and double-check if you're a subscriber to this channel, that would be tremendously appreciated. It's the simple, it's the free thing that anybody that watches this show frequently can do to help us here to keep everything going in this show in the trajectory it's on. So please do double-check if you subscribed, and thank you so much. Because in a strange way you are you're part of our history, and you're on this journey with us, and I appreciate you for that. So yeah, thank you. Alan, why should I listen to you? What have you done in your career in over the last 30 years that has given you the knowledge, the information, the wisdom that you have on nutrition, dieting, fitness, etc.? Who is Alan? I have over 30 years of experience in the field. The first 10 years consisted of personal training. The second decade of my career was nutritional counseling. Just counseling people on on how to eat, what to eat. And then the third decade of my career, which is actually running on 13 years now, is the research and education side. My colleagues and I, we in quotes do the science, we publish the science. I've been a part of 30 publications. 30 studies? >> Yeah. Yeah, a combination of narrative reviews, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, and randomized controlled trials. And how many people have you worked with directly over the last 30 years in terms of in your your nutritional counseling role, but also as a as a trainer? Individually, it's it's triple digits. Groups, potentially quadruple. Yeah. And some of those people that you've worked with over the years are fairly high profile. Yeah. Probably my most interesting story is getting an email from Steve Austin. And and wrestling fans know him as Stone Cold Steve Austin. In so many words, he said, "Hey Alan, I've been I've been doing my research, and you're you're the guy. So I want to work with you. Um I know that you mentioned that you're not working with clients, but could you please make an exception for me? Here's my number." What did you do with him? With Stone Cold? I helped him get his nutrition right for his uh in quotes uh comeback to television. It was mainly focused on primarily fat loss. And you worked with Derek Fisher as well, who's the five-time NBA champion. Yes. Longtime LA Lakers player. Yeah. And Pete Sampras, the former world number one tennis player, Grand Slam champion. Yeah, Pete Sampras, that's right. When people come to you, and when they message you and DM you, there's probably similar themes. Similar themes as to like what they're trying to accomplish and what their goal is. If you just from the top of your head had to state the most popular themes that people are trying to accomplish, what are they? How to improve body composition. What does that mean? How to lose fat and or gain muscle. One of the things that I'm I'm particularly intrigued by, which kind of dovetails into both of those subjects of fat and muscle gain, is the subject of protein. And um because there's been so much said about protein. You know, when I was growing up, they said you have to have protein right after you eat your meal, you have to have this much protein, you have to have it before you eat your meal, it doesn't matter when you have it. So I want to do a bit of myth-busting on the subject of protein. What are what are the biggest myths that people currently believe about protein consumption? The biggest myth is that they have the hierarchy of importance all screwed up. Like everybody's worried about how much protein per meal you need to have for this or that goal. When do you need to time protein relative to the training bout or waking or sleeping or all that stuff. The main thing they need to be focused on is how much protein do they need to eat by the end of the day. Because when you hit that goal, you've basically won the whole game. The the relative placement, the distribution, and the doses of the protein, the timing of it, oh man, it rarely matters. It it it rarely matters beyond getting that protein in in a way that's comfortable and convenient for you and in such a way that you can stick to in the long term. Some people are more like grazers. Some people are more like gorgers. They're both fine as long as you hit the total by the end of the day. So the hierarchy is of utmost importance, get your total daily protein. And then of secondary importance would be what is the distribution of the constituent doses of that protein total through the day. And then of third importance down here is like when specifically are you supposed to time that protein around the the training bout? So So yeah, the what the way that I put it is like this. The day the daily total for protein, that is the cake. The distribution of the doses through the day, that's the icing on the cake, and it's a very thin layer of icing. And how do we know that? How do we know that it doesn't really matter what time you have the protein, and that the most important thing is just making sure you get the protein. That's a great question. The reason that we know that distribution doesn't matter as much as the total is through a couple lines of evidence that I can think of. So there's Yasuda who who compared a three-meal model with a two-meal model. And the three-meal model had superior effects for um for muscle gain. But there is a study that was just published gosh, within the last month. It was better from a methodology standpoint because they fed the subjects an abundance of protein. So Yasuda and colleagues who and colleagues who tested the two versus three, he totaled everybody out at 1.3 g per kilogram of body weight per day. That's the total daily protein dose. And so we know now that that's a suboptimal total if you want to push muscle growth. So for pushing muscle growth, we know you you should be at 1.6 g per kilogram of body weight, which translates to 0.7 g per pound of body weight. That's where you really want to be if you want to maximize muscular adaptations to resistance training, like muscle size and strength gains. So this latest study, they compared three uh three protein feedings versus five protein feedings. And the totals of protein intake in the day in both groups were around a gram per pound. So right around 2.2-ish g per kilogram of body weight. So we have the optimized daily total, and we're testing three versus five protein feedings. We're doing progressive resistance training. And this is the key. This happened in resistance-trained subjects. There were no significant differences in in muscle size and strength gain between the three protein feedings a day versus five protein feedings a day. And this is the best-designed study to date on the on the topic. And and so Because when I grew up and read stuff about gaining muscle, it said you had to have like five or six meals a day. >> Mhm. Um it said that's what bodybuilders do. Whenever we we talk about any kind of physical goal, any any sort of fitness goal, we have to address two main things. So who's the Who's the population and what goal are we talking about? And maybe a third thing we need to address is what is at stake. So, what level are we talking about? So, population, goal, what level? What's at stake? So, with bodybuilders at elite levels, it is most of them consume five, six meals a day. Some of them do like even seven or eight in the off-season. And these are individuals who are enhanced. And so, their ceiling for muscle growth and their rates of muscle muscle growth are significantly higher than people who are, in quotes, natural. And the amount of food that these individuals can process and use productively is significantly more. And so, with that population, I can see it being pretty standard for them to be consuming at least five, six meals a day. Since they tend to have to Since they tend to be eating double the amount of of the average person. And so, but the interesting thing that happens is that the guidelines from this very sort of fringe elite population, that's what trickles down into the general public and then they're stuck thinking, "Okay, maybe I need to eat every 2.5 hours or or some such." But yeah, with the with the general population and even um recreational athletes and people who are hobbyists and and and stuff, you really the impact of actual protein distribution is inconsequential compared to the total. So, how much protein should I be eating a day? Cuz you I think you disagree with the recommended daily sort of allowance that they suggest we as a I think I'm 90 kg. Mhm. How much protein should I be eating to gain muscle? Lean muscle mass. Okay. So, we're going to apply you to the population and the goal and the stakes questions. So, what would you say your training status is? You're obviously not a beginner. Um so, you're somewhere between intermediate and advanced. Right? >> Yeah. So, what is your goal? Just to lose fat and gain muscle. Okay. Familiar story, I'm sure. Okay. The way that I do it is I go 1.6 to 2.2 g per kilogram of target body weight or goal body weight. Mhm. So, that's the range that you would be looking at. Now, with you in particular, I would go more towards the upper end. Because you mentioned that you part of your goal is to decrease body fat to a to a to a minor degree, but you're still you're pushing the envelope cuz you're already lean. So, there's an interesting thing about highballing protein that facilitates that reduction in body fat. So, if if I have a lot of protein, it helps to reduce body fat. Yeah. Yeah, it does. The way that we know this is because there have been several studies now. Four trials, one case study um by Joey Antonio and colleagues. And they examined the effect of very high protein intakes anywhere from about 3.3 all the way to 4.4 g per kilogram of body Roughly, gosh, you know, a gram and a half to 2 g per pound. Is that because you're eating less carbohydrates? You're sort of substituting it for something else essentially in terms of you feeling hungry. So, if I'm having 3.3 g of protein, I'm probably not going to be having something else which is more fatty. Yeah, that's right. That's right. So, this particular line of research was done on people who are resistance training. And it was done in free-living conditions. And they just gave them the assignment to essentially increase their their protein intake by 50%. And literally add 80 to 100 g of protein on top of their existing habitual dietary intakes. So, what would you say to me then? You'd say push even higher in terms of grams per kilogram of body What is your goal body weight? I don't actually have a goal body weight to be honest. I just have more of a a goal in terms of like strength. >> How about this? Were you ever in the shape that you are wanting to be in? And what What was your body weight at that time? I was around 90. I think I was just a little bit below 90 kg. So, I think I was about 88. Okay. So, you know what? Let's take 90 Yeah. and multiply that by 2.2. 90 * 2.2. There's your protein target. 198 grams of protein a day. So, if my if a protein shake gives me 20 g of protein, I I need to have basically 10 g 10 protein shakes a day. That seems like a lot of protein. That is a lot of protein. Uh I I would give a little caveat here. You can probably achieve your your goal with 1.6 g per kilogram of body weight. So, that would be the lower end. So, multiply 90 by 1.6 and that's where you can start. So, if if that 198 number seems kind of far-fetched or even a little bit like, "Hmm, how would I even achieve that?" then start off at the lower end. Do women have a different prescription in this regard? Is there a different approach if you're a woman? Yeah, if you're a woman, you would almost always start at the low end. Because women have a higher proportion of body fat and and by default, they have a lower proportion of lean mass. So, with women, it would almost always be, "All right, let's start at 1.6 g per kilogram of target body weight and see how you do with that." And we can always ratchet it up if needed. Is there any such harm in eating too much protein? It's rare. Uh you would have to have a pre-existing chronic kidney disease and then it's generally not a good thing to be highballing the protein. Um but even people with chronic kidney disease have to realize the tradeoff that they're incurring with a low protein diet and older age sarcopenia and stuff. How are they going to mitigate that? But for the general healthy population, there have been many studies that have rolled out looking at effects on kidney function, liver function, bone health. And there is virtually zero threat to those organ systems that that you would think might be threatened by a high protein intake. So, the human organism perfectly well equipped to metabolize and handle high protein amounts. And not all protein is equal, I guess, because you've got you've got these animal proteins and then plant proteins um that come from things like eggs and so on. What is the best type of protein, do you think? Is there such a thing? I think that the best thing you can do is get a mix of different types of It is true that gram for gram, generally speaking, animal proteins are more, in quotes, anabolic than plant proteins, meaning that they stimulate a greater growth response of muscle. >> at the muscle level. So, they stimulate muscle protein synthesis more potently than plant proteins. there are There's maybe one exception to that that we know of, which is mycoprotein, which is a fungus-based protein that actually outperformed milk protein for stimulating muscle protein synthesis. So, there's interesting exceptions like that. But generally speaking, animal proteins are better for muscle protein synthesis than plant proteins. Now, with that said, Stephen, once you consume a certain amount of total daily protein, then it doesn't appear to matter how much of your protein is animal-based versus how much your pro your protein is plant-based if we're looking at things like muscle size and strength gain. Because this has been actually compared in controlled interventions where um vegan group has been compared with an omnivore group and total daily protein was optimized at 1.6 g per kilogram of body weight per day or 0.7 g per pound in both groups. Progressive resistance training for 12 weeks. No significant differences between groups in muscle size and strength gain, whether it was a omnivorous protein intake or whether it was a plant-based protein intake. And we have two studies showing that now. You must have so many moments where you're working with someone through your career who's got a goal and he feels like they just can't accomplish it. Where you find yourself saying the same thing over and over again to people about how to lose fat or to gain muscle mass. Is that same thing just to eat have more protein? It's a common thing with the general population, with the lay public. Like my my protein target is at least 160 g a day. I just make sure that I have four meals with at least 40 g of of protein per day. And it's so easy to do. It's incredibly easy to do because two of my meals per day are just real whole foods. And then two of my meals per day, two to three, are protein smoothies. And so, uh it is just so incredibly easy for me to to get my protein intake through like two scoops of protein, bam, that's almost 50 g of protein right there. So, you have two of those a day, got more than half my protein covered. But if I if I have all of my protein in one meal, is that going to impact my ability to gain muscle or lose fat if I have it all in one meal? If I just have like one massive protein shake? If I put like five scoops? Now, if you were telling me, "Hey Alan, I want to place really good in the nationals this year. The NPC nationals classic classic physique or you know, classic bodybuilding or just any one of the physique divisions, I would say, you know, you are not going to want to try to get all your protein in a single meal. Because what we want to do is we want to maximize the number of micro anabolic events in the course of the day. We want to maximize the amount of times you maximally stimulate muscle protein synthesis in the course of the day. just from a a pragmatic standpoint, you could probably do that at least three or four times. And if you're able to do that three or four times in the day versus once with that one big banger of a meal, then you might actually over time gain more muscle than you would have. And this could make the difference between placings at the end of the uh end of the prep period. So, but as somebody in the general population, theoretically, you could I am going to challenge you to do something here. I asked my audience about weight loss and asked them for their 15 most popular questions that are currently unanswered for them >> All right. >> about weight loss. The first one was "How do I lose weight fast?" Ha. So, essentially, you can engage what would could be classified as a as a as a protein-sparing modified fast. You're basically crash dieting. Um I don't love doing that though, honestly. Listen, I've got a wedding. I need to I need to lose weight fast. How do I lose weight fast? Losing weight fast. So, you would basically do an aggressive caloric deficit. So, anywhere I I would say 20% below your maintenance needs, 20 to possibly 40 depending on the individual, percent below your maintenance needs. And then keep the protein high. And this is going to default you to relatively low carbohydrate, relatively low fat. just train regularly. Don't hurt yourself. Um Protein high, you said? Yeah, protein high. And calories-wise, so for example, if you maintained at we'll we'll just take a round number, 2,000 calories. So, you would just lop off about a third of that. And then just go. And see if you can maintain your fat loss while maintaining strength levels relatively. You're it's almost inevitable to crash diet and lose some strength in the process. But I mean, we're we're talking about something that's not an optimal process. But yeah, that that's that's the game. Basically, aggressive caloric deficit, keep protein very high. And then you just go And the deficit could be anywhere from 500 to a thousand-ish calories below what you normally take in. The second one is, "Why do I regain weight after stopping Ozempic, Wegovy, etc.?" All right, so those GLP-1 RAs, the recep- GLP-1 receptor agonist drugs like Wegovy, they have um at least three different mechanisms that all converge towards almost nullifying your your hunger and your appetite response. And so, when you cut out the drug, then your normal appetite comes back. an unfortunate reality for a lot of GLP-1 users when they get off the drug is they just don't have the habits and they don't have the skills necessarily to maintain their weight loss. And of course, once again, they're fighting their appetite. So, I would say perhaps try um a weaning off process instead of just a jumping off process. A weaning off process where you are reinforcing countermeasures to overeating, where you are reinforcing good training habits and good dietary habits. And we're all where you're also progressively learning how to live with and deal with sensations of hunger between meals. And just train those habits in. And uh it can be done. I I I I'm not one of the people in the camp who says it's impossible to get off of weight loss drugs successfully. So, number three again is, "Is my metabolism damaged after dieting?" And they're asking a question here about something called adaptive thermogenesis. >> Yeah. Okay, so this is not really a short shot here. Okay. So, the the process of metabolic adaptation is kind of complex. And it happens in both directions, whether you try to gain weight or whether you try to lose weight. So, earlier we talked about uh an increase in non-exercise activity thermogenesis or NEAT. An increase in NEAT in response to an increase in calories. that occurs and across studies, I I gave an example that showed a 336 calorie increase in NEAT when a thousand calories were stacked on top of people's maintenance. But there are other studies where the caloric increase was not quite that aggressive. So, so on average, increases in NEAT or non-exercise activity thermogenesis are about two to 300 calories. So, you increase your energy expenditure about two to 300 calories if you're overeating. Yeah. So, your body will start to twitch more and move more, burning more non-active calories. >> That's correct. When you're overeating, yeah. So, that's an adap- that's an adaptation. >> That that's the adaptation in the caloric surplus side. So, in the caloric deficit side, it's just the opposite thing. Just the mirror of it. So, people decrease their non-exercise activity thermogenesis or their NEAT. They decrease it on average like two to three-ish hundred calories Okay. as a result of dieting. So, this is part of a metabolic adaptation that occurs with dieting. Is this why people don't think the calories in, calories out system is working for them sometimes? Because they don't realize that if they're in a cal- calorie deficit sometimes, they are subconsciously moving around less, which means that they're burning less calories. Um so, actually, they're not in a calorie deficit. Yes, that's correct. So, with the dieting side of things, which is much more of a public health issue, weight loss is is much more of a a necessity than the weight gain. It's it's tougher for most people. Because in addition to the decrease in non-exercise activity that'll cost people two to 300-ish calories that they're no longer uh no longer burning at the end of the dieting cycle, then you've got what's called adaptive thermoreduction. Okay, so you mentioned adaptive thermogenesis. Technically, that is the there's non-shivering adaptive thermogenesis and there's shivering adaptive thermogenesis, but that all has to do with increases in energy expenditure in response to cold environments. So, that's technically that's what adaptive thermogenesis is. It's increase in energy expenditure. When people diet, there's something called adaptive thermoreduction. And that is the part of it is a decrease in non-exercise activity thermogenesis. You're you're basically saying that the body changes when we're in a calorie deficit. >> Mhm. It stops doing as much. Yes, that's the activity part. Yeah. But then there's also the metabolic part. So, we've got a decrease in non-exercise activity. Yeah. Then we have adaptive thermoreduction, which has to do with a a metabolic component that has to do with the sympathetic nervous system. And also potentially thyroid output as well. So, there's this metabolic change that goes on. And there's behavioral or activity change that goes on. So, when people say I've got a slow metabolism, they might be telling the truth. When people say I have a slow metabolism, what's usually happening is they have a pretty massive drop in NEAT or non-exercise activity to the order of two to 300 calories. Now, adaptive thermoreduction is another 50 to 100 calories. Okay. So, we're looking at in the neighborhood of like possibly three, four hundred calories that they're no longer burning as a result of the dieting process. Now, if you take somebody with um clinically diagnosed hypothyroidism, then their resting metabolic rate could be 7 to 10% lower than somebody without a thyroid issue. So, you add another 1 to 200 calories less burned over here, then you have the potential for 5 to 600 calories uh of energy expenditure that this is challenged with at the end of their dieting cycle. So, they're So, I guess it is kind of true in a in a way that people understand it that if you overeat, your metabolism as far as they understand what their metabolism is, is increasing and if you undereat, then your metabolism is slowing down. Yes, but I have to emphasize the major component that slows down is your non-exercise activity. You're not moving around as much. Yes, the other components, like adaptive thermo reduction and potential thyroid issues, that is the minor component. The major component is a drop in fidgeting, a slowing of the rate that you walk around, an increase in the amount you sit around. And you can control that. Yes. It's it's hard to put a put a finger on it, but as long as you know that stuff goes down, I'll give you an example of physique competitors. They are as their cutting cutting phase progresses, they're literally lying around in between their cardio sessions and their resistance training sessions and their Tupperware meal sessions. Okay, they're no longer tapping their heads, bob you know, tapping their fingers and bobbing their heads and they're no longer have a pep in their step. They're no longer doing non-exercise activities, basically. Question four. What diet actually works best for long-term weight loss, keto, low-fat, Mediterranean, intermittent fasting and you got to give me a answer here. I'll say it in one sentence. The diet with enough protein, enough total calories, that is comprised predominantly of healthy food choices that fits the individual's personal preferences and tolerances. How do I lose belly fat specifically? Can you target the belly? Targeting belly fat specifically is a matter of targeting total body fat. You can't necessarily spot reduce the belly fat. Now, if we're go a layer deeper, it is possible for certain diets to be more conducive to preventing visceral fat gain or maybe even accelerating visceral fat loss. Visceral fat is the fat in the within the abdominal cavity around the the organs. And so, it is possible for certain diets to be more conducive to reductions in visceral fat and that would be diets that have a lower proportion of saturated fat. What's What's What's What's What's an example of a saturated fat food? Land fatty land animal meats. So, land animal fats are going to be your saturated fats that are more conducive to visceral fat gain. So, if you were to switch out, let's say fatty cuts of meat, just trim that fat out and if you replaced it with something like avocado nuts, olive oil, seeds, On menopause, why is fat loss harder and what actually works? During the menopausal transition, which begins at a woman's mid-40s on average and then ends in in the mid-50s, there are changes physiologically and hormonally that can challenge a fitness program. So, it can challenge their ability to execute the fitness program and adhere to it. And so, things like hot flashes and joint pain, changes in sexual function, and poor sleep, all of those things can converge to lead to a a decreased ability to stick to a program and do the necessary physical activity and dietary adherence to reach the sort of the standard rate of progress for body composition change. And so, the solution to that would be simply you don't have to rearrange a whole program because somebody's going through menopause. You don't have to cut out nutrients and do any special things. What has been effective is just lowering the expectation of progress. So, whereas I would typically have somebody gun for a pound a week of fat loss, somebody in the menopausal transition, they have more challenges to that going on simultaneously. So, we would go for about half of that. Protein? What do What do they do in terms of protein? Just keep the protein high? Same range. Yeah. So, with protein, I got to say there's sort of a two-tiered recommendation. So, the general public with average goals Mhm. will do just fine on 1.2 to 1.6 g per kilogram body weight. That's kind of like the general population average goals folks. Somebody like yourself, uh somebody like me and folks who are oriented towards maybe pushing the envelope a little bit more than the average. 1.6 to 2.2 g per kilogram of body weight. And you know, there's a little margin over here for people on the fringe, physique competitors, who I would have no problem seeing them go higher than that 2.2 g per kilogram cut off. Is there anything else that peri- or menopausal women need to understand about gaining muscle and keeping fat off when they're going through menopause? Is there anything else that we've missed? You know, I would just emphasize the understanding that midlife presents maybe the highest point of psychological stress in in people's lives. So, starting from the late 40s going all the way into people's 50s and 60s, it's it's like that you know, the concentrated period in the menopausal transition, mid-40s to mid-50s, is when people are dealing with ailing parents, the stress of ailing parents, the stress of kids going through high school or college, the stress of hitting a high point in their careers, the pressures thereof, the time and the that is necessary to allocate for all of those things. All of those things distract from oh, I've got a fitness program here. Oh, my coach is making me do this and this and this and now he's making me diet like this. That's the thing that I would emphasize. There's nothing special or different that needs to be done. And in fact, there's a lot of mythology that's circulating the space right now where coaches and gurus and even some physicians are telling women that they are just doomed to gain a bunch of belly fat and lose a bunch of muscle during menopause. It just happens, you're doomed. Well, that's just not true. Uh there is a study called the SWAN study, that's the longest and largest study of its kind. And the average amount of fat gain during the entire menopausal transition was 1.6 kg, which is 3 and 1/2 lb. And the average amount of muscle loss total during the menopausal transition was 0.2 kg. That's about half half a pound of muscle loss. Statistically significant? Yes. Insurmountable? No. So, and are there going to be outliers who experience double the muscle loss and double the fat gain of that? Yes. But none of this is insurmountable. What do you think about taking say HRT? Does that help? Yeah, well well, it it helps those who need it. So, HRT should be looked at on an individual basis. One of the things that really annoys the absolute crap out of me is when I'm seeing the comment sections on social media with people telling everybody that hey, you just turned 40, time to go on HRT. That is between you and your doctor. People are trying to universalize major changes like HRT, some people definitely benefit from it. just the same, there are a lot of people who don't need it. The people that benefit from it, do they find it easier to gain muscle mass and to not gain fat? Is that kind of like what >> That is a common Okay. That is a common result, yes. But my thing with HRT is is this. So, there has to be a symptomatologic reason to get on it. So, you have to be incurring or experiencing symptoms that are disrupting to your quality of life, Mhm. regardless of what your blood labs are. Like for testosterone, for example, if you are out of range for testosterone, on the lower end, let's say, but you have no symptoms and you feel fine, you perform great in all aspects, then it's really up to you whether it bugs you enough that you're below range or lower on the lower end of the range um to correct that. It it's up to you. And so, symptomologically driven. Now, the other thing to look at with HRT is and a lot of people they get a single testing point and they judge their need to get on hormonal replacement therapy based on a single single test. What people need to do is see whether there is some sort of trend going on in one direction or another or not. And if that trend is going in a bad direction over time and you you can do this by just multiple time points over over an extended period. It's debatable, maybe 6 months, 12 months to see what's going on. Try to correct things through lifestyle and diet and often they are correctable. Um I've just I've come across many cases where a guy will be under-slept overworked eating like crap gets his testosterone levels tested. Oh, you're right at the bottom or you're even below range. Oh, time for HRT. Well, hold on a second. Let's get this guy some sleep. Let's improve his lifestyle. Improve body composition and then bang, testosterone levels double. This is not an uncommon thing. And so, I'm very much a proponent of first are there symptoms driving the justification for HRT? And then secondly, are we basing things on a single time point or did we actually see a trend over time? My next question's about PCOS. Mhm. A lot of women are struggling with PCOS and that's causing them to have irregular menstrual cycles and um fertility issues. What would you say to a woman who's struggling with PCOS in terms of dietary prescription? So, PCOS shares a lot of metabolic characteristics with type 2 diabetes. So, um there is insulin resistance going on. There there is impaired glycemic control going on. And so, we can pretty much justify being cautious with total amount of carbohydrate intake with um PCOS. With type 2 diabetes, there's two tiers of importance dietarily. So, of first importance with type 2 diabetes, you have to structure the diet so that it allows body fat loss. The success of GLP-1 drugs has actually proven that at the heart of type 2 diabetes is overeating. Uh an abundance of body fat. So, the way that type 2 diabetes happens is in genetically predisposed individuals, they gain total body fat and then they gain visceral fat an undue amount of visceral fat and then this leads to insulin resistance and impairment of glycemic control. PCOS is is very similar in this regard. Uh there is no standard or consensus-based PCOS diet protocol. But because it shares so many similar characteristics with type 2 diabetes, then we can pretty much employ the same principles of how we would intervene with type 2 diabetes, which would number one, put a priority on total body fat reduction. And then tier number two would be, all right, do we need to restrict carbohydrates even further? And so, that would be very similar with with PCOS and at kind of a population level with type 2 diabetes um roughly 130-ish grams of carbohydrates a day seems to be sort of the sweet spot uh below which people have an easier time controlling their blood sugar than above that total amount. But that's just a statistical average. We still have to look at things case by case. My girlfriend, she um has PCOS and she did the ketogenic diet with me. She's on it at the moment. We've been doing it for about 8 weeks now. >> Mhm. We we do it intermittently throughout the years. Um and she said her menstrual cycle has perfectly corrected itself. I think at its maximum it was like 60 days, her menstrual cycle. Mhm. And then because she's restricted her carbohydrates as you were saying in in in this way using keto it's it's like she said it's perfect. It's like perfectly predictable now. That's awesome. >> I I I say that in part because people I think people don't with PCOS who have irregular menstrual cycles don't often consider that carbohydrates, sugar, glucose, whatever could be the perpetrator. Yeah. Yeah, well, cuz it's framed as a disease like you're you're born with it, maybe it's heritable. Maybe there's an element of truth to that, but um it's crazy that that dietary intervention had such a profound impact on her menstrual cycle. It's glad to hear that you found something that works. Yeah. >> that's an you know, that's anytime you present with some sort of clinical condition I would first tell you, hey, see see an endocrinologist or see a doctor who specializes in that particular issue. And in terms of menstrual cycles generally, if you do have an irregular menstrual cycle, is there anything you should be thinking about? Number one, see a doctor. Number two, consider whether or not you were overtraining and undereating. Yeah. So, what happens with female physique competitors? Menstrual disruption, menstrual cessation a few months into prep. You sometimes even a few weeks into prep depending on how aggressive the diet is. And so, menstrual disruption is very common in competitive athletes and in recreational athletes who have to maintain a certain level of leanness while maintaining a high volume of exercise output. >> Is that the body from an evolutionary perspective saying, listen, we we don't have the energy to have a baby here? So, we're just going to shut this down. That is right on. Mhm. So, you kind of do you don't want to be restricting your calorie consumption too much if you have an irregular menstrual cycle and you're trying to correct that. Yeah. No, no. Um the so-called female athlete triad begins with overtraining, undereating potential eating disorder nurturing going on there and then down the line the menstrual cycle gets disrupted and stops and then hormonal changes happen that are negative and then at ultimately results in osteopenia osteoporosis. And so, that chain of events is unfortunately really common with women who um don't pay attention to healthy menstrual cycle. People use this term all the time, muscle memory. Mhm. I I I I thought it was nonsense. But I spoke to somebody the other day and they said to me, actually no, your your body does have a muscle memory, which means that if I fall off now uh and I stop going to the gym, my body is going to be able to get back to my current physique faster because I was here once upon a time. Is this is this true? That is true. There's some debate going on amongst the community what what goes on physiologically with like when you train, you create you create new myonuclei. So, you increase your so-called myonuclear domains and those stay relatively permanent even during times of detraining. But there's still the so-called proprioceptive or motor component to training that sticks with people. Sort of the skill aspect of it that sticks with people to be able to execute the movements and do the things to cause the adaptations. So, not only do you have muscle memory from the myonuclear domain standpoint but you have the motor learning and the neurological component. And to a degree, you you also have the skeletal component to be able to capacitate those that rebound in loading and muscle gain muscle regain, rather. Is the gut microbiome playing a role in my ability to lose weight? Mhm. Not a big one. Um of course, if I Why did you make that sound? Well, there's some people in the space who put the microbiome at as the master regulator everything. But it's definitely a part of the the axis of organ systems that that we manifest whatever, you know, result we're looking at. It's part of it, yes. But it's not the the it's not the main puppeteer of everything. Everything works in concert to and and I'll just give you an example there. So, there are certain supplements that are um that are claimed to be able to in quotes fix the gut microbiome and cause greater weight loss. So, there have been many studies looking at this sort of phenomenon. And while there is a statistically significant effect in some cases the absolute amount that they can help for things like body fat loss or body weight loss is usually not practically significant. It's it's too small to be considered meaningful. And so, I wouldn't necessarily rely on changes in the gut microbiome for impacting like global changes in body fat. Here, I have 20 eggs. I heard that you eat 20 eggs per week, which is about, you know, four eggs a day potentially. Why do you eat so many eggs? Well, number one, I'm one of those weirdos who actually loves eggs. I love the I love the taste of them. Um they're a great source of protein. Uh uh source of fat. Most of the fat in there is oleic acid, by the way, which is a monounsaturated fat predominates olive oil. It's a low saturated fat. Then, of course, the knock on eggs is their cholesterol content. Um but, interestingly, uh it's dietary saturated fat that has the greater magnitude of impact on blood lipids than than dietary cholesterol, interestingly enough. I recognize that the major health agencies would want you to stop your egg consumption to like one a day, possibly two a day if you're an elderly person. But, take the uh health agencies, um or even the consensus guidelines, as a okay, that's cool. That's a good starting point. Um I happen to like eggs. I'll eat more than that. Check my blood, check my health. I'm doing just fine. So, I'm one of those people who can do four eggs a day just fine. Is this part of your broader testosterone protocol? I I like the fact that uh eggs are conducive to testosterone production. >> So, you're 53 years old, right? >> Yes. >> test your testosterone levels? I have not tested my testosterone levels in forever. But, I'm not concerned with it. Because, once again, it would be a symptom-driven thing for me to even care. So, if I was experiencing the symptoms of low testosterone, then that would give me a reason to check it out and see what's going on. And then, I would have to take a step back and look and see what can I modify with lifestyle, what what do I have available to change non-drug wise. And you know what? If I ever need to take exogenous testosterone, if that day ever comes, well, then so be it. I'm just not there. What supplements do you take every day? I take a multivitamin. I take two multivitamins, actually. Uh the reason why I take two multivitamins is because it really uh certain key um nutrients in there, they they have to be in such small amounts per single pill that it's really just meaningless. And so, I take two multivitamins, one of them with iron, one of them without iron. And uh I also take fish oil. Uh I take magnesium. And I take vitamin D3. I take vitamin C. And and by the way, I really should preface this with this is the broscience side of my personal habits, because I'm taking my vitamins more on uh placing your bets basis, rather than, "Hey, man, this is just the bottom-line evidence-based. I think everybody should do this." Okay, so I want I want to make sure that's clear. I also take magnesium. And I also take collagen. And I also take creatine. If I told you you could only take three of those supplements, which three would you pick? That's a damn good question, man. Can I have uh can can I I'm going to count my two multis as one. So, your multivitamin. Would Would that be the first one? Yes. Okay, so multivitamin. And omega-3s, fish oil. Vitamin D3. So, you you sacked off the creatine. You're a genius. That's those are those would be those would be the top three. I would Can I add creatine in there? Could I squeeze it in there? >> no, no, no. Oh, bro. >> Pick three. So, you picked the multivitamin, omega-3, vitamin D3. Uh well, it might humble me to kick the creatine out. So, okay, fine. I'll I'll leave those three. You call creatine king creatine. Yeah. Why'd you call it that? It's the only non-pharmacological supplement that that really really has a very strong and deep and broad evidence base for um enhancing the effects of of resistance training. So, strength gains and size gains. More strength than size. This the size gains, they they come with the initial uh loading phase, where a lot more intramuscular water happens, or you know, in- in- intracellular, intramyocellular hydration. That is the the big immediate part of creatine that that folks feel when they go on it and when they go off of it. So, you you'll lose a few pounds of lean mass if you get off of creatine. I call it king creatine because it has possibly close to a I want to say it's reached a over a thousand studies. And the majority of those studies show um positive effects. Usually with with creatine, if you were to compare a group taking creatine versus a group not taking creatine. So, the creatine group will have like a 20% increase in their lifting capacity, whereas the non-creatine group will have like 12-ish percent increase in their lifting capacity over a typical study length, 8 to 12 weeks-ish. And so, that is a significant strength gain advantage. And over the long term, that would definitely augment muscle hypertrophy, as well. And once you're loaded with creatine, so being loaded with creatine means that you saturate your muscle creatine stores. And that requires either a loading phase of 20 to 25 g per day for 5 to 7 days, or um a maintenance phase that you engage with 3 to 5 g a day. You'll be loaded at um about 30 days. And so, during that loading phase, it's pretty common for people to gain roughly 2% of their body weight um as lean mass. Hm. People seem to talk about creatine like it's this miracle thing that everybody should be taking. That's one of the one of the few supplements that it seems all the experts I speak to about this stuff seem to agree upon. They obviously vitamin D and omega-3 comes up all the time and multivitamins. But, creatine seems to Yeah, nobody seems to have much of an issue with it or be able to point to many side effects of taking with it, both for men and women. Yeah, it's got the musculo- musculoskeletal um benefit. There Believe it or not, there's even um benefits for creatine on on joint health. So, um not only that, not only the athletic performance and muscle hypertrophy side, but there are things like uh improved glucose control, improved memory. So, different domains of cognition can be enhanced by The level of creatine in the brain can increase with with supplementation. And then, you create a pro-energy environment in the brain, and that's how uh these positive effects on memory happen with creatine supplementation, especially in people with uh cognitive decline. So, so it there's almost nothing creatine can't do. Wow. Hm. Some statement. A business is only as good as the people inside it. So, how do you make sure you're hiring the best? Our sponsor LinkedIn can help you find these applicants quickly. I believe in taking time to hire slowly, but I also understand that once you've decided to hire, you want to get the ball rolling and get the best candidates in front of you to start interviewing. And that's where paying to promote your role on LinkedIn makes all the difference, because you'll get applicants seven times faster than if you post your job for free. And even though slower, more considered hiring is important, you never want your hiring platforms to be what's holding you back. LinkedIn keeps pace. It takes care of the heavy lifting, sending you highly skilled candidates that you wouldn't find anywhere else. So, when the time comes to make your next hire, make it count and promote your job on LinkedIn. Head to linkedin.com/doac. That's linkedin.com/doac. Terms and conditions apply. Right, guys. I'm going to go get Steve. The guest is here. Ready? Come in. OH MY GOD, STEVE. WHAT? WHAT ARE YOU DOING? THIS IS UH THE boncharge face mask. It's uh good for blemishes, wrinkles. Uh clears up the skin. It's red light. Have you not used it before? No. You tried this before? It's um It's really really good. It shines red light on your face, which helps increase and boost collagen production. Actually found it out cuz of the missus. Seen her wearing it, she identified me a couple of nights in a row. Um I thought it was to scare people with, but actually, it's really really good for your skin. So, they are a sponsor of the podcast, and uh I've been using it every day for about a year and a half now. Wow. You're glowing. Well, Steve, you're glowing. It's great. Yes. And uh boncharge ships worldwide with easy returns and a year-long warranty on all of their products. So, visit boncharge.com/diary for 25% off on any product site-wide. But, you have to order through that link. That's boncharge.com/diary with code diary. Diet breaks. What's a diet break, and why does that Why is that a useful tool? Yes. So, one of the big things that dieters encounter are progress plateaus. And so, we can define a progress plateau as four to possibly eight weeks of no change in body composition, despite good compliance to the program. With that definition out of the way, intervening and overcoming or managing a plateau is really sort of this individualized process that needs to be looked at case by case, where, for example, if somebody feels like they're in the midst of a plateau, and they have been on program, then there's really only two reasons the plateau happened. So, reason number one is that their compliance was inconsistent. So, poor compliance is number one. Or number two, they have reached energy equilibrium. So, they've reached a genuine and bonafide new maintenance point. But, there's something that is overarching with the plateau concept that people need to understand. we automatically look at progress plateaus as something negative. When people need to their perception of what a plateau is. And the plateau is just the body doing its job. When we look at the body as an adaptive survival unit, then homeostasis is a big part of that. So, if the body achieves homeostasis, then hallelujah, we're we're going to live. We're going to survive. So, if for example somebody has a lot of weight to lose, let's say somewhere to the order of over 20 lbs, 20, 40, 60 lbs to lose. They have to understand that multiple plateaus will be encountered en route to their ultimate goal. the way that the body changes is always going to be this surge, slow, stop pattern. And it just continues this way. And with every progressive plateau, the surge part gets shorter. And the slowing part and then the plateau part gets longer. So, you can think of it as staircases and landings. So, with each successive plateau, the staircase gets shorter, the landing gets longer. But, it's supposed to go like that. And the plateaus should be getting longer because the ultimate goal after all is a plateau of sorts. And when people come to realize that, then they can look at plateaus as what I call maintenance practice. So, if they have that mental shift from seeing plateaus as this negative thing where I need to go sniff out the next great diet or the next great product, they can look at it as, all right, so the plateau is a good thing, the body is doing its job. Now, we have an opportunity to practice And think about it this way, too, Stephen. Anybody can get weight off. But, weight loss maintenance really is the issue. So, the better you get at weight loss maintenance, then the more you can win the game. How do I get good at weight loss maintenance? All right, so in order to properly maintain, you have to properly get there. And so, properly getting there means that you have to do your best to maintain your lean body mass while you're losing body fat. So, what happens to a lot of people when they diet is they lose a lot of lean body mass along Lean body mass, you mean muscle? >> mass. >> Muscle mass. Along with their fat mass. muscle tissue is something very important to keep on the body while you're losing fat. Because muscle is we can look at it as our metabolically active Every tissue is metabolically active, even even body fat. But, muscle tissue specifically is the center of our dietary fuel usage. It is the metabolic engine of the body, if you will. And so, if you're losing muscle tissue, you're really losing metabolic leverage while you're losing body fat. So, the way that I infer that is that muscle's very greedy. Yeah, it it takes a lot takes up a lot of calories. So, if I lose my muscle, when I get when I drop my weight, it's almost like the greedy guy who who sucks up all my calories is no longer there. And so, I'm quite likely just to to rebound quite quickly. That's a great analogy. And and it's accurate, too. And in fact, there is a phenomenon that in the literature, it's called collateral fattening. And that happens when the body senses an energy crisis at the end of a diet where you've lost a bunch of muscle mass. The body senses that, oh my gosh, we just lost a bunch of precious tissue. We have to do whatever we can to get it back. And so, your hunger signals ramp up. And your body kind of behaviorally and even metabolically does what is necessary for you to feed that back as soon as possible. And this does not necessarily happen, certainly not to that kind of magnitude, if you keep your muscle mass while you're losing body fat. You don't experience this collateral fattening type of phenomenon where people just rebound like crazy because their appetite is out of control at the end of the diet. So, the way that you preserve muscle mass during the fat loss process is a couple things. So, you have to make sure that your rate of weight loss isn't indicative of something that's too quick. about a half a percent to a full percent of your body weight lost per week is as fast as you really want to go. So, what roughly a pound a week. Uh some people who start off heavier, okay, 2 lbs a week is fine at the very beginning. But, you generally don't want to lose more than 1% of your total body weight per week because then that increases the chances that you're losing an undue amount of muscle mass along with your fat mass. And so, if you can in essence control the weight loss rate, then you will keep your lean mass. Now, the other two things that need to be going on at the same time are you need to be resistance training and you need to be consuming enough protein. So, strength training and Enough protein, you got resistance training, and then you have sort of a top speed limiter on how much weight that you lose per week. And 1% loss a week 1% loss a week is spectacular, actually. For most people. Even a pound a week, even half a pound a week, you're looking at like in 2 years you lost 50 lbs. Most people took like two decades to put on that 50 lbs. >> So, you actually don't want to lose weight too quickly or else you are susceptible to rebound. It is going to come off quickly if you have a lot of weight to lose. It'll come off quickly at the beginning. So, for example, uh somebody who is in a state of obesity, let's say they weigh 250 lbs. And let's say they're losing two to a half pounds a week at the beginning of the program, that's fine. on average, on average, you you would want to look at roughly a pound a week is a good benchmark. And I still would not frown upon or scoff at a half a pound a week for certain cases. And we can talk about some of those stubborn cases. Like it on the topic of plateaus, for example. I had a client, uh I I'm sure she doesn't mind being named uh she's a great person, Pam Pam Greshock. She's a veteran coach in the space. Uh she's perimenopausal, so she's in her her 40s. And she wanted to lose what we calculated out to be 8 lbs of fat. And she stored the majority of it where she didn't want it was around the midsection. And I had in mind that, okay, this is somebody who's perimenopausal, so there's going to be a lower rate of progress going on. This is somebody who is highly trained, so she doesn't have a lot more muscle to put on that would give her some, you know, some extra in quotes So, she's highly trained, perimenopausal, wants to lose 8 lbs of fat, which would represent the final 8 lbs, sort of that that pushing the envelope. Knowing those three things, I knew that this is going to be a difficult and slow going process. So, whereas I would normally have somebody expect roughly or at least gun for a pound a week loss, for Pam, it was more like, are you going to be okay with 1 to 2 lbs per month? Like if we can get rid of 1 to 2 lbs of body fat per month, I would be happy with it and I think you should be happy with it. And so, I convinced her of that. And with her wanting to lose 8 lbs, I think it helps to give people a visual of what a certain amount of weight loss looks like. So, coincidentally, a gallon a gallon jug, if you fill it with butter, that's 8 lbs. And so, I had her visualize this 8-lb jug. And um I also had her do a butter visualization, too. So, um a standard stick of butter is 4 oz. So, four sticks of butter is 1 lb. And uh in her case, she wanted to lose well, she wanted to lose 8 lbs, so that's 32 sticks of butter that would be removed from her body at the end of the dieting cycle. Is that what this is here? What is this? That is 10 lbs of butter. This is an amazing freaking visual and this is because you asked about diet breaks as a tool for people achieving long-term weight loss or just breaking through plateaus or managing plateaus. So, every 5 to 10 pounds that somebody loses in a dieting cycle is high time for a diet break. The way you can define a diet break and put some parameters on it. So, it it's what I call non-yolo maintenance. So, you take off the rules, take off the restrictions, but you're not eating with sheer abandon. You're just relaxing the diet. You take a week off the diet either every 4 to 8 weeks while you're dieting or you take a week off of the diet every 5 to 10 pounds that you lose. And the sound of 5 to 10 pounds seems like, "Oh, that's nothing." Mhm. But, no, it's a milestone. This is 10 pounds. Yes. That's crazy. 10 pounds of of butter off the body. So, yeah, every time you you lose 10 pounds, it's 5 to 10 pounds in in my experience is high time to take a diet break to just alleviate the mental and the physical fatigue of dieting. And that's one of the tactics that you can use for long-term adherence to a plan. On the topic of plateaus, you can when you're dieting, you will hit a point where the plateau periods or the maintenance phases are going to be longer than the dieting phases. I think that that's ideal to be able to hit that point for a long-term weight loss goal. it's a lot easier or at least a lot less intimidating for somebody to know that they're going to be dieting for 4 to 8 weeks at a time in between a let's say a 2 to 3-month maintenance phase. What about fasting? Do you think that fasting is cuz a lot of people talk about this thing called autophagy where if you fast for I don't know, 48 hours, your body switches into the state of autophagy where it starts to heal and repair itself. Are you a fan of fasting? For weight loss or for autophagy or other things? For the control of calories in, fasting is legit. And it's also legit for it it actually works as a as one of the options for dieting. There just has been a massive accumulation of studies showing that it works great. So, the intermittent fasting variants, we have one one we talked about earlier, time-restricted eating. And we've got every other day fasting. And then the other third major variant would be twice-weekly fasting or the 5:2 type of model. And then you have like consecutive day fasting type of models as well, which are less studied because there's more risk involved in them and it's tough to, you know, incur that risk in research. When you bring up autophagy, that's where I kind of have to push back on not on your your mentioning of it specifically, but just in general. People will say will make claims that yeah, autophagy we can say that we can explain autophagy as a way that the body gets rid of parts of damaged cells. It's an important process within the body. And it is a catabolic process or a breakdown process. But, the thing is it happens in a caloric deficit regardless of whether fasting is involved or not. Really? Yes. You maintain hypocaloric conditions, autophagy ramps up. Um you can have a linear hypocaloric model or a non-linear or intermittent hypocaloric model. you'll get similar degrees of autophagy if you match the caloric deficit by the end of the week. Now, the other interesting thing about autophagy is that you can ramp up autophagy through exercise. And not only that, but both major types of exercise will increase autophagy. So, resistance training increases autophagy. Endurance aerobic type training So, if you want to in quotes chase autophagy, then doing it through intermittent fasting or just going through prolonged periods of not eating can be a double-edged sword. Whereas the autophagy increases through exercise, they almost don't have a downside. And so, um a lot of times with intermittent fasting, it can be a great tool for people who need to lose excess body weight. But, what I'm seeing in the community is people thinking that intermittent fasting is something that is necessary to do regardless of body fat level. That is either necessary or beneficial. And that's not actually true per per the research. There's there's a it's one study in particular that looked at men who were >> a hormone that mobilizes fuel stores in the absence of food. In the absence of calories. And autophagy is similar in that regard. And I think that a focus on pushing is sort of missing the forest for the trees. Because if we were to push autophagy to its end, then we could go all the way to a phenomenon called autolysis, which is runaway cell death, which happens in starvation in some cases. And so, I think that we need to focus on other things like how do we maintain a certain body fat percentage while maintaining a certain physical activity level while maintaining a certain dietary pattern. I think that it's those things that are much more productive to target than seeing how far can we push before potentially going into runaway cell death. Mhm. I was looking at the the benefits of this thing they call autophagy and it says they are the the proven likely benefits are cellular clean up, so repairs damaged proteins and organelles, I believe, improving cell efficiency. Metabolic health improves insulin sensitivity. Neuroprotection, heart and muscle quality, maintains mitochondria, helps adapt to training and oxidative stress. Immune tuning and longevity. There's sort of strong animal evidence, I believe, around the longevity component, but they the research that I was reading talked about how it can backfire because um tumors may use a top autophagy to survive. Um and some treatments for established cancers aim to inhibit it. And if you overdo fasting, as you said in the study you cited, you can lose muscle, which is not great, and be fatigued, etc. Um, there is a bit of a trend, I think, with people doing a lot of water fasts and stuff like that quite periodically. I think it's rising, and even sort of juice fasts and stuff like that. What's your take on those types of fasts? I'm not a big fan, Steven. Uh, I think that the cycle that people go through, at least in the developed world, is that they go through the year, then November comes around, and then the holidays hit. They overdo it from November to through December, all the way up to the end of the year, and they're like, "Oh boy, I have 10 to 20 lb that I want to lose." And then they just use these sort of fasts and these detoxes to crash off the bad decisions of the previous few months. And then the cycle repeats annually. So, I think that it's a much healthier approach for people to secure and reinforce the right habits through the entirety of the year, instead of um jumping on the fast to get rid of the the the holiday binges. This sort of brings me to the ketogenic diet. Um, my dad used the ketogenic diet, and I think actually my brother as well. Um, but also a few of my friends in my life used it as a way to drop their fat quite quickly, to sort of recomposite their body um very, very quickly. And the results of seeing someone on the ketogenic diet quite astounding, because what my friend the other day uh sent me a the chart of his weighing scales at home, and it's this sort of gradual increase upwards, and then he did the ketogenic diet where he cut out carbohydrates and sugars basically almost entirely, and it's just straight line down in his body his body weight. What is your perspective on the ketogenic diet? What is it good for? What is it not good for? Is it good at all? It is a very effective way to lose weight and And that's for a few big reasons. First of all, if somebody goes from their typical Western dietary pattern to the ketogenic diet, then they're automatically cutting out a lot of highly processed, hyperpalatable carb-fat combo junk foods and snacks that are just energy dense, easy to overconsume mindlessly. That's the good thing about the ketogenic diet, in addition to, well, they're finally eating enough protein now. And so, along with the increase in protein comes an increase in satiety and a better hunger control. Now, the negatives of the ketogenic diet, the big one is that the majority of people who engage a ketogenic diet, they don't do it permanently. For one reason or another, they're no longer on the keto diet. And this is reflected in research as well, even in vulnerable populations who would stand to benefit from from that level of restriction. So, usually what happens in research is you take you take a group two groups of subjects, and one is on the high-carb, low-fat control diet, and one of them is on a ketogenic diet, which can be achieved by a maximum of 50 g of carbohydrate in the day or less, then you're on the keto diet. So, what happens at the 12-month point in the diet, and sometimes at the 6-month point, the keto group is now consuming about two to three times more carbohydrates than the original 50-g assignment. So, they rebound? They just insidiously creep up the carb intake. There's something about the ketogenic diet that the majority of people who engage it just can't stick to it. It's too restrictive for people. They can't stick to it, but what but what you're saying, they also end up rebounding above where they were before. They end up rebounding like I'll give you a specific example. There was one study Well, there was the A-to-Z study, where individuals on the Atkins diet ended up consuming what looked a lot like the Zone diet. The Zone diet? Yes. The Zone diet is a 40% carbohydrate, 30% protein, 30% fat. >> So, it's like the keto diet roughly. Um, the keto diet is more like 60 to 80% fat, and then, you know, 15 to 20-ish% protein, and then the carbohydrates are the remainder. A very minor percentage. So, what happens is like the people who started off at 50 g of carbohydrate at the beginning of the study, the keto group, at the 12-month point, they were they crept that carbohydrate intake up to around 150 g of carbohydrate, whereas their assignment was 50 g of carbohydrate a day. This is a common theme long-term keto studies is this up creep in carbohydrate intake over time, because people can't maintain the the 50 g of carbohydrate max required to stay in ketosis. And I'm not saying that there aren't a lot of people out there who are just living the keto life permanently. They're out there. Yeah. But they are in the minority. I see them in the comment section whenever I talk about keto. I I see people say, "I've been on the keto diet for 5 years, for 7 years, for 10 years." >> Sure. There's entire There's huge communities of folks who've been on keto for 5, 10 years. They're or longer. And that's great. More power to these folks. But claiming that this is a universal solution ignores the reality that some people, most people, uh part of the research, the majority, can't stick to it. So, that's the the caveat one of the caveats of the keto diet. The other one would be for those who can stick to the keto diet for long enough. You really have to look at the quality of uh the diet in order for it to be cardiovascularly healthy. If you're going to engage an let's say an 80 85% fat diet for the rest of your life, there's going to be very different effects if that 80 to 85% are from land animal fats versus from nuts, avocados, olive oil. Very different cardiovascular effects going on there. uh that's the other caveat with the keto diet. There's a Mediterranean type of keto diet that is healthy, and that has you know, it it is one of these cardiovascularly protective types of diets that you can engage. Whereas, if you just do like beef, bacon, and butter from here on out, then you don't have the best cardiovascular risk trajectory. What about gaining muscle on the ketogenic diet? If I'm restricting carbohydrates, is it more difficult to gain muscle mass? The short answer is yes. And the nuanced answer is you still can gain muscle on keto. And the body is is really resilient and and quite genius at manufacturing the carbohydrate um endogenously, or from within the body. So, your your body can make carbohydrate out of lactate, fill at least partially your muscle glycogen stores. And so, um going on a zero carbohydrate diet doesn't necessarily end up with the type of results that you you you might imagine for somebody who's completely avoiding carbohydrates. And in the research comparing strength gains from a high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet versus a keto diet, the keto folks, as long as they're equated with protein and total calories with the control diet, they've got similar strength gains. It's quite a an interesting phenomenon. Muscle size gains is different story, interestingly. Almost always there's some advantage to the high-carb, low-fat control group compared with the ketogenic diet group when it comes to both gains in lean mass, as well as retention of lean mass during dieting. And one of those things um more or less obvious. It's like you you simply carry more muscle glycogen when you're on a high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet. And muscle glycogen glycogen is the stored form of carbohydrate within the muscle, and then a minor amount in the liver. And for every gram of carbohydrate that you store as glycogen, there's um three-ish grams of water stuck to it. And so, just sitting there, you're carrying more more muscle mass, more fullness on a non-ketogenic diet. What about the carnivore diet? A lot people have talked about that recently, um which is just a diet where you just eat meat. What's What's your point of view on that? Well, okay, it's a little silly and it's a little extreme, but it has some merit to it. So, the carnivore diet, when you get on it, it's similar to how when people go on a keto diet after they've been doing the standard Western diet since forever. So, the standard Western diet has too much of everything. It's got too much total calories, too much refined carbohydrate. It's got too much of this type of fat and too much It's got a moderate amount of protein, but you're also eating everything under the sun from burgers to fries to cakes to ice creams to cookies uh in addition to pasta and everything else. when you go from that excess of everything to the carnivore diet, you automatically and spontaneously eat far fewer calories than you used to on your standard Western diet. So, the carnivore diet is actually the lesser of the evils when we're comparing it to the standard Western diet. you can even try to optimize the carnivore diet. Like some people engage a carnivore diet that is just extreme. Like beef and salt. Okay, so that is very appealing to people who have a tendency to jump on the carnivore diet cuz it's even more extreme. And people with tendencies towards the extremes, they'll a lot of them are ex-vegans actually, carnivores. Cuz they can only be on one extreme side or the other. It's tougher them to be in the gray scale here. But the carnivore diet is um the lesser of the evils. It can be optimized if that's even possible if people had more variety within their carnivore model, within their plant-free diet model. Like for example, if some body went carnivore instead of doing beef and salt, he had a rotation of fatty fish, poultry, beef, eggs, dairy. And who knows, he maybe he might even justify protein powder in there for a dessert. Who knows? It It's still animal based. Um Do you find that vegans and vegetarians struggle more to gain muscle mass? Typically. Vegans and vegetarians in the general population do because they're not aware of how to structure the diet and the training program to to achieve that. So, What are they missing? They're just not eating enough total calories and they're not eating enough Generally speaking. Now, there are some vegans who will drink a bunch of Mountain Dew and you know, have have um potato chips and and things like that and still stay vegan. And Oreo cookies are vegan, I I believe as well. But vegans can still gain muscle on par with omnivores if they structure it right. Are most people that you encounter and have worked with over the years not getting enough protein? Like the average Yes. >> the street. Yes. Almost everybody who has been overweight or obese or just had some degree of of an issue with their body fat levels, almost all of them under consume protein. What about people that are very skinny? Because I've got a lot of friends that um would be in the skinny fat category where they they're kind of they look very very very skinny, but they've got, you know, a little bit of roll here. Um and they often say to me that they just can't gain weight. Mhm. I've heard this a lot from from friends. I just I just can't get gain weight. I've heard I need to have more protein, but you know, I'm just not gaining any weight. Yeah, that is the in quotes hard gainer phenomenon. And people will have different degrees of body fat in in that category, but these folks, what they actually have an issue with is a spontaneous increase in what we call non-exercise activity thermogenesis. So, basically, it's an increase in spontaneous movement. Just an increase in fidgeting, you know, tapping, moving around, uh being more hyperkinetic in response to increasing their caloric intake. In 24 hours, you and I expend X amount of calories. Mhm. So, total daily energy expenditure is composed of um various components. So, there is a resting energy expenditure component. >> Mhm. So, our so-called resting metabolic rate or it's also called resting energy expenditure or basal metabolic rate. Those are all interchangeable. That is the amount of calories that your body burns in a 24-hour period just to stay alive. Okay, so if you were bedridden, the amount of calories you you burn just through your vital organs and your systems working, that's your resting energy expenditure. Now, the other part of energy expenditure is your active energy expenditure. So, active energy expenditure consists of we can subdivide it into your exercise activity and your non-exercise activity. With hard gainers, it's their non-exercise activity that spontaneously goes up when they try to eat more to gain weight. So, there's an interesting study done in the late 1990s by Levine and colleagues he took a group of normal weight subjects. It was mostly male sample of subjects. And he fed them 1,000 calories above and beyond their maintenance requirements. And I believe this what was for 10 weeks. What happened during the during the study and as a result of eating 1,000 calories above their maintenance needs, they ended up burning on average 336 calories through an increase in non-exercise activity. So, that that is a very interesting phenomenon. One of the subjects in that study actually ended up burning almost 700 calories as an increase in their non-exercise activity thermogenesis. what happens to this archetype, this hard gainer person, is they just start fidgeting more, they just start walking faster, they just start sitting less, they start bobbing their head more. And they can even just subconsciously train harder, train more. And their energy expenditure side just ramps up spontaneously in response to an increase in calories. So, So, what if someone is a hard gainer and they struggle to gain weight because of this sort of spontaneous energy usage, what advice would you give them? To stop moving? Eat more. the principle would be to eat more. Uh the practice would be eat more in a way that you get those calories in easily and conveniently. And so, you can structure liquid meals, two in a day, they rarely need three, shakes to have between their meals at any point in the day where it's convenient. And then you just literally add nutrition and calories that way. And that So, that's the solution. Just literally eat more. I think the the thing that sits underneath everything we're talking about is motivation. Whatever that means, which is like having the motivation to stick to something. Discipline, whatever you want to call When you look back through the last 30 years of your career, are there any similarities in the thing or the catalyst moment that made somebody finally stick to it? Stick to the diet, stick to the exercise regime, stick to the whatever. Mhm. Is there are there any themes of a person going from struggling to disciplined? So, the first thing that comes to my mind is they finally arrive at the point where their physical goals become priority number one. Changing the body, so losing body fat, gaining muscle, achieving your ideal body composition. That is a colossally difficult goal. Whenever I work with somebody who's preparing for a contest of some sort, whether it is in the more elite line of physique contest or whether they're just joining a transformation challenge, but they're both very very serious and they both are putting their program at the top of their priority list. So, when I say top of your priority, I mean you do what you need to do to stay alive and and and keep breathing as as a top priority. And right there is your physical goals. the big problem with people who find that they can't hit their goals or they can't stay consistent or they're just having a struggle losing X amount of body fat or even a struggle gaining X amount of muscle is that they simply have five other things that are prioritized in their day above and beyond their their program. Mhm. So, they have five universes of excuses that can come in the way of sticking to the program. So, somebody has to be at the point in their lives where they're going to make it a top priority because, you know, there's nothing metabolically different from these physique competitors and these people who join these challenges versus somebody in the general population who's just struggling. The people in the physique contests will always hit their goal within 1% at the end of the prep period. They'll always hit their goal. And so, they're not a different species. They're not a different animal. They don't have special metabolisms. They just have different priorities. And so, that is the difference. You have to hit a point where your physical goal becomes priority one. And is there anything that one can do in your opinion or that you try and do when you were trainer back in the day to make this someone's priority? You can sit somebody down review with them the what are the reasons why you're doing this. Name me three three three good things that you think will come out of this or three drivers that you can think about. And then you can just have them write that down. And then they can be reminded that way. fundamentally, Steven, they have to arrive at that point sort of on a self-initiated way. You you can't really make the horse drink, you know? You can pull them towards the freaking pond, but you know, they almost have to to get there themselves. And And you're kind of you can facilitate it only to a certain degree. And after you ask them, okay, what what are the reasons? Then you can also have them put in their face, okay, what are the barriers? So, to have them write down your three biggest stumbling blocks. And so, then you can give them two sets of things to think about that will keep them on task and motivated. You're 53 years old? 53. 53 years old. You looked very different at 40 years old. Ah, oh, yes, sir, I did. Yeah. Whoa, buddy. Yep, yep. Mhm. I remember that guy. Whoo. That's an amazing shot. I mean, you look younger now. I do, actually. Thank god. Thank god. Yeah. Yeah. picture always gets me. Why? It was when my my first son was sevenish and my younger baby was about four. parents with young children are very stressed out. Bad habits. I used to drink heavily. Yeah, I I started drinking heavily at that point. Um and I drank heavily from when I was 40 till I was about 46. Were you an alcoholic at at 40 years old? Oh, yes. Oh, yes. What did that look like? It was it it got really bad towards the final couple years. I'm talking a bottle bottle and a half of wine a a night by myself. 7 days a week? 7 days a week. And the bottle and a half, that's almost 1,000 calories of 1,000 calories of regret is what it was. Do you know what caused that? The various stress vectors in life, you know, um being a dad, trying to be the best husband, becoming successful uh in terms of coming into demand with projects and people approaching me with business partnerships and um me thinking, geez, I I I worked like two decades for this for this stuff to happen. How can I turn anything down, you know? So, I said, yes, I'll do that. Yes, I'll do that. Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yeah. And pretty soon your your yeses just stack up and your work pile stacks up like this. All of those things, you know, they kind of converge into this mix of stress and anxiety and alcohol is a very convenient and very available and very acceptable means to engage in a substance that acts as an anxiety band-aid. My alcohol addiction was a very real thing uh I'm really glad I I overcame it. Through this period from 40 to 46, 47, who were you and what what is it that you you did that made you realize something had to change? So, during that time period, I was just very reactive to my environment. I was just going with the flow. Uh I honestly was not as ambitious as I should have been and and focused on my goals. I was comfortable. Yeah, I was comfortable. the unfortunate thing about the drink and fortunate thing too is it hit it hit a rock bottom point I knew that it wasn't a matter of, all right, I got to pull back or how am I going to moderate and this and that. It was more like, I just need to stop. I just need to stop and I need to redirect this tendency towards routine, this tendency, this sort of obsessive-compulsive thing of needing to do the same thing daily. Just redirect it. How did you know you needed to stop? Oh, I knew that I needed to stop because my professional and personal life basically imploded all all because of my my own actions. Now, for you, was it just a case of, right, I'm going to stop doing this? Or did you have to Did you go somewhere? Did you get support? Did you seek some counseling or anything like that? So, I have been able to just make the hardcore commitment to stop and keep that commitment and um I've been able to redirect my ritualistic tendencies towards training and good nutrition. And I get a lot of questions cuz like every year I do a post on Instagram about how, okay, it's year six now, not a single drink. Here's what I've learned during that time. And then uh next month, uh actually on the 25th of August, uh that's going to be year seven. So, I'm going to do the same thing. And so, the question I always get is, so, how do you stay abstinent? Like, what what do you do to not slip up? what I do is if I get kind of a craving or a nagging or a feeling like, oh my god, I got to have some alcohol, then I just sit back and I think through the scenario in my mind of me drinking to my degree of satisfaction, degree of you know, S-facedness. And then I kind of picture that. And then I picture how it might last for an hour or two. And then after that hour or two, I may have made some really bad impressions on on one or more people. Uh after that hour or two, I may have plowed through the the hot wings at 2:00, 3:00 a.m. And then after that, feel like hell the next morning, definitely can't work out that day. And then where did that get me? And so, I just go through that scenario in my mind. And then when I'm done going through that scenario, it takes like a minute, then I'm right back at uh where I need to be uh mind frame wise. I think the same could also apply that sort of visualization, that pre-mortem where you kind of play out the scenario and see what the consequence would be can also be applied to many things we're talking about today around diet and workouts and stuff like that. Like playing it forward to see how you'll feel about it in the future and sort of visualizing those consequences. Thank you for sharing that. I I I think it's somewhat dovetailed into how what what we're talking about about changing your life and motivation and discipline. Like how does change occur in people? And as you said, it's when it becomes a priority. And quite clearly in your life, it became a priority for a number of reasons. Quick one. I want to talk about something we all need to take seriously, which is cybersecurity. Whether you're a first-time founder facing your very first audit or a seasoned professional who's been through it all, staying compliant is getting more critical than ever and more complicated, I have to say. And that is where Vanta comes in, who is a sponsor of this podcast. Vanta takes the pain out of security compliance, automating the tedious but essential process of proving your business is secure across over 35 frameworks like SOC 2, ISO 27001. Centralize your workflows, answer security questions up to five times faster, and protect your business without losing focus on growth. And this is really a critical part of this. A new IDC white paper found that companies using Vanta save over $535,000 a year, and it pays for itself in just 3 months. For a limited time, my community gets $1,000 off Vanta at vanta.com/steven. That's vanta.com/steven for $1,000 off. Electrolytes are absolutely exploding at the moment, and it's for good reason. People are getting more and more into their health and fitness, and one of the things that I think we've recently discovered as a society is the profound impact that electrolytes have on hydration, but also the impact that hydration has on how you feel, how you perform, how you think. So, with all that in mind and because I became quite obsessed with electrolytes, I decided I was going to launch my own electrolytes company, as you do. And as I was doing that, I spoke to my friend George Heaton and I said, "George, I'm launching this electrolytes business. Can you take a look at it?" He said, "Steven, me and my friend Ross had already developed one and would love to show it to you." And then they put me in this WhatsApp group and said, "We're building a brand called Cadence. We haven't launched yet, but take a look." I took a look. I tried the cans, I tried the sachets, and I fell in love. So, I shut down my own electrolytes company and took a stake in this one called Cadence, which has been by far and away the best product in terms of taste, but also in terms of performance. 500 mg of sodium, 190 mg of potassium, 30 mg of magnesium, no sugar. Delicious taste. Give it a shot. Go to usecadence.com and join what I believe to be is the fastest-growing electrolytes company on planet Earth. Cheers. How do you feel about artificial sweeteners? Are they uh is there any any watch-outs that we should be aware of? Generally speaking, they're a nothing burger. And there's a lot of scaremongering around artificial sweeteners. But, there is one artificial sweetener that has a kind of a uh crabby track record for both impairing glucose control and also weight gain. And that's saccharin. So, saccharin is the one artificial sweetener that's kind of bombed out at the bomb shelter there. As far as the literature is concerned. But, the good news about saccharin it's by the way, it's the little pink packet things. It's not really uh commercially pervasive. So, it's not that popular anyway. No, it's almost commercially extinct. So, um the other sweeteners like sucralose, aspartame, stevia, or some people call it stevia. they're all fair game. They're all in the same boat. All pretty dang innocuous. And you'd have to consume impossible amounts of those things to incur negative health effects in in a lifetime, really. Cuz some people have thought that they're potentially carcinogenic. These sort of artificial sweeteners that you find in certain diet beverages. Yeah, no. That's that's definitely a leap. That's definitely a leap based on animal data and completely unrealistic doses and conditions that are irrelevant to human physiology. It's it's more dangerous stepping out and breathing in the the city air, basically. What is the most important thing we haven't talked about that we should have talked about, Alan? For the people that are sat at home listening to this. >> That's really damn good question. if we look at the things people care about that don't freaking matter in terms of diet. They fixate on weird buzzwords. Like they fixate on not even They don't have to be weird words, but like sugar, for example. There has been such scaremongering around sugar to the point that people don't delineate between added sugars to the diet versus sugar that is intrinsic or naturally occurring in foods. For fruit? Things like fruit, fresh fruit. And even milk has naturally occurring uh sugar in it, lactose. Um can be problematic for um some of the population, but look at fresh fruit. I've actually heard people vilify fruit because it has sugar. it's one thing to take an idea and put out a a plausible claim. Okay, so yeah, it's got sugar. And then, you know, we all know that if you add a ton of sugar to the diet, you lower the quality of the diet and then you can push your bets towards negative health consequences down the line. Okay, that that's fine. That's reasonable. But even though fruit has sugar it also has a ton of other beneficial components to And it's in this low-calorie, high-water, high-micronutrient-density package that is satiating and displaces stomach space for otherwise junky foods that you may a lot of people would have consumed instead of that fruit. But, beyond all that, for forget about all the reasoning and stuff. Let's look at the literature. Does fruit cause negative health consequences? Does it cause things like impaired blood glucose control? Does it cause obesity? Does it cause weight gain? Uh it does the opposite of all those things. Fresh fruit actually has been shown to improve glycemic control, improve body weight, improve body composition, and improve the protection against a range of cardiometabolic diseases and cancer. it doesn't really matter what anybody says. We just have to face face the evidence. Um there's something called the glycemic index that was big in the '80s and '90s and people were It's kind of come back around again. Glycemic index. You got to avoid the high glycemic index foods and things like that. And there's a couple of fruits that are actually have a high glycemic index. That would be pineapples and and watermelons. Watermelons? Yeah. High on the GI scale, but the way that glycemic index is determined is you get 50 g of carbohydrate from a given food. Regardless of the amount that you have to eat. 50 g of it and then you measure its effect on your blood sugar levels for 2 hours after ingestion. I was going to say cuz watermelons seen as keto-friendly, which is But it but Watermelons have what's called a low glycemic load. So, they have a very low amount of carbohydrate per serving. Yeah, per serving, yeah. Even though the carbohydrate itself, if you were to gather 50 g of it, would have a a more pronounced effect on blood sugar elevations. Right. And so, they're even though fruits those fruits have a high GI and certain foods have a high GI they have a low glycemic load. And ultimately people need to stop um stop and think about things. Like the the longest-living populations on the planet do not avoid fruit. The fruit is a regular part of their intake. What about the white stuff? The white sort of added sugar There is it called refined sugar? Yeah, refined or we can call it added sugar. Mhm. What about the added sugar? Added sugar is problematic in two different ways, at least. So, the first way is it's diluting the nutrient density of the diet. It's it's a phenomenon called micronutrient dilution when you have just a bunch of junk micronutrient-free calories in the diet. The other way that it poses a problem is because it is usually packaged with highly processed and engineered refined carbohydrate and fat combination foods. So, your classic desserts. Pastries, cookies, cakes. Things like that. the sugar itself, if you were to If I were to just put a a jar of sugar in front of you and say, "Hey, I challenge you to not just spoon that in." You'll go, "Oh, no problem." It's people paint sugar out to be this inherently evil thing, but the way that it gets into trouble is when it is a part of these hyperpalatable, highly processed, highly engineered dessert and snack foods. And so, that is the main issue with added sugar. And the various health organizations I mentioned the Institute of Medicine, or now the National Academy of Medicine saying, "Hey, we need to cut off our added sugars at 25% of the diet." There's the World Health Organization who presents the sort of the absolutely terrified version of that where they want people to max out their added sugar to to 5% of the calories in the diet. that's usually not realistic. And it gets a little bit extreme to the point of being um pathological. So, >> So, what would you say? Uh 10% of total max with with added sugar. And that would fall kind of right into this discretionary caloric allotment of 10 to 20% of calories kind of from whatever you want. And I would want to qualify that 10 to 20% margin by saying if you're hypercaloric in other words, if you're consuming more calories than you're taking in with you're trying to gain gain weight or something like that. You probably want to keep your your discretionary calorie allotment to 10% or your indulgence food to 10% rather than 20%. How many days a week do you go to the gym? Four to five. I'm just trying to confront this this question mark in my head about if you go to the gym 7 days a week, for example is that not giving your body enough time to rest, but I guess it depends what you're doing there and how hard you're working. Yeah, and a great example of that is total sets per week. Okay. >> You know, like you can cram Let Let's imagine for a given muscle group you do like nine sets nine sets a week or 10 sets a week. Uh you could probably get those in in a single session, but it's more productive to probably spread it out over at least 2 days. How long does it take for me to start to lose muscle? Oh, man. Okay. That is a good question and a tough one. So, muscle loss happens very rapidly in bedridden Mhm. uh individuals. So, lean mass just especially critically ill folks, oh man, goes really fast. Contrast that with you taking a week off or even 2 weeks off, but it's more of like uh an active rest where you're not just merely sitting around. You could probably go a couple weeks before you start noticing material drops in in strength and fitness. Uh 3 weeks, yeah, you'll definitely I think you'll definitely feel that. >> And do I need to work out till failure in terms of resistance training and like you know bicep curls or whatever in order to get gains? Do I need to be going all the way until I can't curl it anymore? It depends on the goal. Um you mentioned that your goal was to gain muscle. in reality, um and and this question is surprisingly more complex than you might hope it it's going to be, but okay. When people try to train to failure, and this has been tested out in the research literature, they usually automatically leave one to two reps in the tank, even three reps in the tank. And even trained even resistance trained subjects when you tell them to train failure or leave one rep in reserve, they'll routinely leave actually two to three reps in reserve. So, people underestimate their their abilities to push. Uh they usually as almost an automatic margin there that the body sort of regulates and governs Mhm. and sort of automatically prevents you from going. So, with that said, I think that most people can train to failure without worrying about whether they're violating the the golden guidelines seen in the literature what uh it's very common for um the consensus in the exercise science community, even in the hypertrophy folks to say, "Yeah, leave a one to two reps in reserve." I think that depends on on the exercise. you'd be kind of a fool to be doing lateral raises to to like to think that you can't do partials for lateral raises and and still get some benefit out of it. And you'd be kind of a fool to think, "Yeah, I'm I'm going to do concentration curls here. I'm going to leave a one to two reps in reserve." No, that's different. On the other hand, deadlifting, benching, squatting, these sort of uh free weight barbell multi-joint types movements, oh they're they're more conducive to leaving one to two reps in the tank. But for single joint isolation exercises and even machine exercises and lighter loads, where it's safe take it to failure, man. We have a closing tradition on this podcast where the last guest leaves a question for the next not knowing who they're leaving it for. And the question left for you is how does nature impact on your life? It it has quite a big impact. yeah. It It has an impact and and obviously the environment is important. I'm wondering through the lens of what you do in terms of you know you know mindset and health and you know these kinds of things, if you think much about being outside versus being inside. You know, I've even read some interesting studies around people that run outside versus on a treadmill have a more sort of uh have cognitive benefits because the brain is stimulated more. I think that there there's a good amount of literature on the psychological benefits of just being in nature or even getting getting some sun. And I think that there's epidemiological like population based data showing that marine communities tend to be the longevity champs. Marine, what does that mean? Uh communities that live that live by the ocean or close to the ocean. And Probably that all that omega-3 they're eating >> Yeah, and that factors in as well, for sure. But that just the kind of almost the metaphysical effect of going to the beach, you know. That's got to play in. And so So, yeah. I I I think it definitely has an effect and I think that there are data that we can point to that says it does. Alan, where where should people go right now if they want to learn more from you? Where where is the best place to follow you for more information as as you continue to investigate and educate on the science of all of the things we've talked about today? My website is AlanAragon.com. That's the hub of everything. maybe my most active social media platform is Instagram. So, that is at theAlanAragon. And this book I have in front of me, when did you write this book? I wrote that thing from Well, it includes the 30 years of experience that I was talking about earlier. So, I've just crammed the 30 years into there, but the actual writing of that took from about 20 20 all the way to 2022. Yeah. >> Took about 2 years. So, first published in 2022 and it's really like a bible. That's kind of the way I describe it and it has everything in it from what I love about it is you have all these pictures as well. I'm glad you like it. Well, I mean it's like it's it's dare I say it's a it's quite like a like a like a nice accessible textbook. Well, there's been a couple of professors who've adopted it and made it a part of their curriculum. Yeah. >> Interesting. Doesn't surprise me. Yeah, Hunter Waldman is is one of them. Yeah. Thank you so much, Alan. Thank you for doing what you do. Um people love your message because it's so demystifying in a world that is increasingly mystified by lots of information from lots of different people. So, please do continue to do what you're doing and I I I'm rooting for you in this new season of life where you're going to get even closer to patients once again and clients once again and be even more hands-on with your community. So, I highly recommend everybody goes and follows you on Instagram to keep track of how they can join your community and be one of those people that you directly impact with your work. And yeah, I'm going to I'm going to subscribe to your reviews so that I can stay ahead of all of the um the scientific literature as and when it comes out because for me it is quite demystifying, but you're you're one of the great voices in this space of simplification and understanding. So, I applaud you for that. I think it's all learnable, it's all teachable, but thank you so much for the opportunity to be on this show. This is huge and uh thank you all for tuning in. Thank you. We're done.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [1200 likes]: Do you like these types of convos? If so please hit the like button on the vid - that’s the best way to vote for more like this ❤ also, would be doing me a big favour if you could subscribe - its free 🙏🏾🥲appreciate you - SB!
  2. @theriac. [1 likes]: Swap saturated fats with avocado, nuts, oils & seeds. Hilarious  😂
  3. @ЯнисЛазаридис: 👏👏👏🙏👍👌
  4. @liennguyen-ob7je: Ông ấy được giới thiệu là 30 năm kinh nghiệm, tôi phải tra ngay tuổi của ông ấy. OMG ông ấy đã 54 tuổi, nếu ko tính nếp nhăn trên mặt, trông ông ấy same same với CEO của chúng ta :D
  5. @psychwtf: I learned a lot from this episode and thank you for talking the majority of the time in metrics
  6. @creativesource3514: But very high protein is not linked with longevity. No blue zone country inhabitants lead a life of high protein.
  7. @leonidmiliukov4041: Официально заявляю, человек потратил 30 лет в пустую!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Он не дал ОДНОГО единственного ответа!!!!! И почему этот специалист не показатель стройности или показатель худого человека, этот специалист толстяк!!!!! И ВЕДУЩИЙ ТОЖЕ ТОЛСТЫЙ!
  8. @leonidmiliukov4041: вопрос: похудеть или набрать вес? я понял что говорят о ВЕС?! мышцы тяжелее жира, мы говорим о жире или мышцах?
  9. @byyfbyyf152: Больше 2 часов говорить ...
  10. @borussiadortmundlondon9368: Can't you see how totally egoistic this whole thing is? This kind of obsession with outer appearance and the body is making people totally neurotic. A work life balance and a lot more compassion on the self and others is what is needed. How about focussing on inner values for a show and compassion?
  11. @thuvannguyenthi3657: Cám ơn kênh đã chia sẻ rất hay
  12. @whyarewealwaysyelling: Prioritizing protein and fat loss don't correlate. You have to eat a calorie deficit that means less protein too.
  13. @fStRgTrMn: One push up every time they say ‘protein’👌
  14. @auzinger0114: Thank you. Thanks to your video, I’ve gained a lot of practical advice on weight management.
  15. @Tony_Cho0912: Looking at the interview, the host even seems to be in better shape, while the so-called expert, who claims to be knowledgeable, doesn’t seem to take care of himself at all. If he can’t even manage his own condition, how can he pretend to be an expert?
  16. @finetsatos: 12:34  1,6 to 2,2 g
  17. @jabber422: This guy sounds like Mario Lopez!
  18. @dannyoconnor8730: Can this guy answer a question with a yes or no.  But, if, maybe........
  19. @RuthsCreativeLab: The thing about subscribing. Sometimes you tag one of your guests and it’s says subscribe! I’m already subscribed to you but maybe not one of your guests.
  20. @Mo89oM: I’m not a 2+hours fan! Can someone summarise this for dummies?

- Visceral Fat | What Is It & How to Get Rid of It: Kind: captions Language: en visceral fat is what most of us think of as belly fat it is the term used to describe the fat that builds up within the abdomen visceral fat cannot be pinched but it does expand your waistline crowd your internal organs and actively contribute to disease in this video i explain why this type of fat is harmful and how you can get rid of it there are two main types of fat that get deposited on your body subcutaneous fat and visceral fat the word subcutaneous literally means under the skin and the term visceral refers to your viscera or internal organs now at the beginning of the video i mentioned that a common name for visceral fat is belly fat and that is true and how most of us would describe it however it is possible to have both types of fat stored in your midsection generally speaking the fat you can pinch is subcutaneous whereas visceral fat lies behind the abdominal muscles within the cavity that holds the liver stomach and intestines now the crowding of your internal organs is one of the reasons that this type of fat is undesirable but even more concerning is the fact that visceral fat is more metabolically active than subcutaneous fat in this higher level of metabolic activity increases the release of inflammatory substances and free fatty acids into your blood which increases your risk of health problems like heart disease type 2 diabetes and a related condition called insulin resistance insulin resistance is a common barrier to fat loss insulin is your energy storing hormone when you develop insulin resistance your cells no longer respond as they should to insulin and as a result your body cannot utilize carbohydrates and other food nutrients as efficiently as they once did and this leads to chronically high blood sugar and insulin levels that block the release of fat from fat cells so when we get too much visceral fat you can see that it hampers fat loss putting us into this vicious cycle where these undesirable conditions work together to perpetuate themselves fortunately a low-carb diet disrupts this cycle by keeping your blood sugar low and essentially lessening the amount of work that insulin is required to do and this works because blood sugar and insulin rise to differing degrees depending on the macronutrient breakdown of the foods that you eat of the three macronutrients that supply your body with energy carbohydrates are the ones that cause the most significant rise in blood sugar fats cause little if any rise and protein has a moderate impact therefore eating a low carb high fat moderate protein diet will prevent blood sugar and insulin spikes allowing your body to move into the low insulin state needed to release fat from your fat cells in fact many studies have shown that low-carb diets are more effective than low-fat diets for reducing visceral fat and an interesting point to note about the research is that lowering carbs was effective even when the reduction was modest for instance in this study participants consumed 43 percent of their daily calories from carbohydrates now many of you who have been interested in low carb dieting will recognize that as a fairly high percentage with a more typical range being less than 25 of your calorie intake however despite this modest reduction in carbs participants who consumed the lower carbohydrate versus the lower fat diet lost more visceral fat and 4.4 percent more total fat another way to get rid of visceral fat is by practicing intermittent fasting which is a weight loss strategy that involves splitting your day between a period of eating and fasting and the mechanism by which fasting works is similar to that seen with a low carb diet by choosing low carb foods you prevent the insulin spikes that block fat loss when you fast there's no food coming in to influence your insulin level keeping you in that state that favors fat burning in fact studies have shown that intermittent fasting is notably effective for reducing belly fat a clinical study found that limiting the number of hours you eat in a day to 10 hours was effective for treating metabolic syndrome which is a cluster of conditions that include increased belly fat and a review study published in 2016 showed that four weeks of fasting reduced total weight bmi and waist circumference preventing metabolic disorders that are common in older women and beyond food getting regular exercise provides both direct and indirect metabolic advantages that will help you reach your goal of losing abdominal fat weightlifting and other exercises performed against resistance have been shown to improve insulin sensitivity and this increased sensitivity is enhanced when resistance exercises are combined with aerobic exercises like biking swimming and using a treadmill however when directly targeting visceral aerobic exercise may have the edge over other forms of exercise when it is performed at a moderate or high intensity level carrying around excess visceral fat increases your risk of disease and leads to insulin resistance making fat loss harder but you can get control of visceral fat and get rid of it by combining fasting in a low-carb diet you attack visceral fat with two very effective tools and then as you start to feel better and gain energy you can enhance your results with exercise there is a lot to learn when it comes to putting together an effective low carb diet on my website i have two 21 day challenges that provide you with daily low carb or keto menus so you learn low carb dieting by doing it and i will share links to the challenges here in the video and below in the description area please subscribe to my channel before you go and have a great rest of your day

  Top Comments:
  1. @Hacker-xe8yv [2 likes]: 50-55% of visceral fat accumulation is predisposed genetically. Folks should not be fooled that just anyone can shed visceral fat. Many are just stuck with it!
  2. @radiant1magic [1 likes]: Tesamorelin to remove visceral fat.
  3. @JohnConnors-d2s [1 likes]: beautiful woman
  4. @parikshit_jaiswal [1 likes]: processed carbs and too much fat especially vegetable oils are mainly responsible for this
  5. @kzziggy: （ ͜.人 ͜.）👄𓂺😮
  6. @MarceloHenriOliveira: also foods high on beta-carotene help with inflammation and breaking the insulin resistance cycle
  7. @TerrancePresley: In the last 6 months I cleaned up my eating, reduced sugar and junk, and focused more on staying active and eating better. Dropped from 232 lbs to 174 lbs without even stepping into a gym. Consistency really changes everything. I also want to thank Slimsaltherb for helping me get rid of my belly fat.
  8. @gretavains8707: What a fantastic video 😊thank you very much
  9. @scoobtoober2975: Many problem is fiber has been taken out of the super most tasty gorging worthy foods. ALL of them. Tell me a temping high fiber brownie is more satisfying than a fiber free, sugar/butter/vanilla soaked brownie. It ain't. The will power is so weak when it comes to those tempting foods. The good and bad bacteria's are gone from the food sources. Fast food is nutrient negative. fiber negative, bacteria negative (high anti-bacterial). Combined it is setting us up for visceral fat overload and that spill over is the bad part. Thanks for the clear details.
  10. @run4cmt: When I hit menopause I gained 25 lbs I cannot lose. I exercise 6 days a week because I am a triathlete. I eat keto and IF (16:8), I do not eat sugar or drink alcohol. Still not able to lose weight.
  11. @kenvalenti5414: Low carb?
Broccoli are carbs Oreos are carbs
Not the same thing.
  12. @ellie32470: What would be a sample of low carb high fat moderate protein meal?
  13. @GuitarNewz: Carnivore for 2 years, has removed all fat and all my chroinic problems. Red meat only ,each and every day.
  14. @omdelta2370: what about fat and cholesterol?
  15. @reneesmith5403: Drink water, eat cruciferous veggies (fiber), moderate protein, low carb, weight-lifring and possibly aerobic exercise. All good for most of us. Cut sugar. Healthy fats are okay. Get adequate sleep.
  16. @MeleMya: I've been on the carnivore diet for months
0 Carbs. My body does not lose the weight. I do not know how to solve this.
  17. @Rodsrib1: You've said it all regarding the basics in 6 minutes what all the other AI videos take 15-20 minutes (or more) to explain.
Liked and subscribed !
  18. @samf.s.7731: This is what I have, it's the worst type of fat there is. Now I swear I have abs, on a pot shaped belly. And my muscles are tightening against this big tub of lard, giving me indigestion. Hate it! 
I got it from not moving, and drinking a ton of redbull. Don't do that... 
When I lay down and feel my abdomen, in a clinical exam type of way, it's squishy ... Now I'm taking simethicone, and overnight dulcolax or else my IBS makes my digestion  problems even worse
  19. @C.D.-tz6sk: Very pleasant presenter and voice.  Good info too!
  20. @John-r2p6v: Call you people want to do is make money off these videos one says one thing one says another now everybody knows the more you fast the more your body holds on to fat so that's a bad idea now you tell people to eat something that will keep their blood low blood sugar but the problem is there's people who have already have low blood sugar and so if you give them that then you have a problem there too there's no answer to any of this really all you people just 100 everyone says something different but we know people who already has low blood sugar ain't going to it's not a good idea to be reducing their blood sugar. I'm not convinced that carbs have anything to do with it cuz I noticed can you cut out carbs you're hungry all the time so you eat all the time

- How To Combat Menopausal Weight Gain | This Morning: Kind: captions Language: en whether it's putting on the pounds or noticing a change in your body shape fluctuating hormones during the menopause can make it difficult to manage your weight well Dr Louise Newson is here with her advice alongside weight loss expert Dr Sally Norton morning to both of you thank you for coming in today so what impact on your body weight can it have on if you were going through the menopause can I have quite a lot actually and I didn't realize until I saw the number of patients that I do women really struggle for lots of reasons so as you know during the perimenopause and also the menopause our hormone levels fluctuate and then Decline and then they're low forever but estrogen is really important metabolically in our body so without estrogen lots of our cells can't work as well we've already talked about the risk of heart disease osteoporosis and so forth without our hormones but our body needs these to do and the only way it can make it if it's not making it from our ovaries is from our fat cells so actually our body is often produce more fat cells but they produce a very weak type of estrogen that's actually quite and it's quite inflammatory it's not as nice as the estrogen our ovaries produce when we're younger but it's all we've got and it tends to be fat cells in the midline so often women say you know what I'm doing exactly the same I'm exercising eating the same but I'm putting on weight so there's that but then also as you know many symptoms such as joint pains muscle aches fatigue reduce stamina poor sleep feeling Dreadful then of course you're not going to Spring out of bed and do yoga first thing or think about your healthy breakfast you're just going to try and struggle through the day so there's a lifestyle change but there's a hormonal change and together it can be really awful and it also affects your metabolism as well yes it can do so a lot of people we know as we age our metabolism I can't eat the same as my 18 year old I wish I could but so I'm metabolism changes with age but also with a lack of hormones so a lot of women find that when they replace those hormones with HRT then then their um their body shape changes but also their ability to lose weight but just a little bit more clearly is that is that change in metabolism that fat distribution is that dangerous well it can be actually filled because we know that central obesity has more risks of heart disease type 2 diabetes associated with it so there's this thing called visceral fat so the fat that's around our internal organs is far worse for us than the fat on our legs and arms for example and that's the type of fat that increases during the menopause not for everyone but for a lot of people and if you think globally we've already said menopause affects 1.2 billion women it's a global health problem because women are living longer without their hormones so the risk of heart disease type 2 diabetes does increase because of the low hormones as well as lifetime style changes as well well you mentioned that it can also make your joints stiffer so that makes you want to move less but also it impacts your sleep and that can have an impact on your weight absolutely we know from lots of studies that people that don't sleep well have interrupted sleep are more likely to increase weight but also more likely to have all the diseases associated with the menopause so and poor sleep just can make you feel shattered can't it so of course you haven't got the same energy to do the exercise and be motivated to cook well and and also not just for yourself obviously your family as well I know when I was menopausal I couldn't be bothered to cook for my children you know everything's an effort we've been doing this a lot and so you get lots of questions and and one of the questions was will taking HRT make me gain weight yeah lots of people think that actually but the HRT we prescribe is the more natural HRT as we've said it's the body identical hormones so all we're giving is light for like so we're taking giving the same hormones as we produce when we were younger so actually estrogen through the skin as a patch gel or spray doesn't increase weight and we know from with some studies it actually reduces weight as well progesterone the natural progesterone is a lot better the older types could cause a bit of fluid retention so people tend to push on weight quite quickly with the older types so people tend not to testosterone we sometimes give there's a lot of women we see in the clinic who find that their weight reduces but also their body shape changes they can exercise more so there's this sort of central obesity reduces their ability to build muscle is important and that's important as we age you know I want to be able to use my Zimmer frame I want to be able to push myself out of the bath and we know that sarcopenia this loss of muscle mass occurs so it's not just about getting on the scales or looking at weight it's about how our body's function is really important um Dr Sally I wanted to ask you because this is another thing that we hear a lot when women are Perry or menopausal they actually crave food that isn't good for them often you know high sugar high fat absolutely well we all know what it's like with just PMT you know you have those Cravings you're a bit tired you want a little bit more sugary food and imagine that sort of times a hundred yeah for the perimenopause so we do get those cravings and we get those Cravings then make insulin resistance worse which is Louise has already alluded to the central weight gain is part of something called insulin resistance where you get this metabolic change in your body so by having all of those sugary High processed carbs that actually makes things worse and so it's really important in perimenopause to really look at cutting back on those sugary carbs and trying to reduce that sort of fluctuation in blood sugar but including healthy fats in your diet is important very very important and it's terrible isn't it that for so many years we've been trying to cut fats out of everything and yet healthy fats are just vitally important because our brain is made up of so much fat and we talk about brain fog and all the other issues around perimenopause if we can eat healthy fats then we can make a big difference to that and that's like oily fish things like that all those sorts of things yes you know you can get healthy fats particularly for oily fish that's a really good source for olive oil all other sort of seed oil hemp oil those sorts of uh flaxseed oil those sorts of oils are really very important too so they're good but bearing in mind that some of the grain oils don't have this these same sort of really good um of Omega-3s as some of the fish oils and and the algae that's really good what about protein protein is another really big one um so Louise has already mentioned about sarcopenia which is that natural loss of muscle as we get older and it's a big problem for morbidity in older women the falls and hip fractures and everything like that and women are really bad I think having a lot of protein in their diets we tend to cut back on calories and forget that protein is really important so having a good source of protein ideally in the morning is is what is a good source of protein well when you're building muscle I meat is a good source of protein but obviously we're all moving towards a more plant-based diet for sustainability reasons and to get all the really important fiber for our gut microbiome so um we can look at other sources like whey protein is is very good so milk based protein but other seed proteins are good as well but we need to just make sure we get enough of it and there is a evidence that as we get older we need more protein than when we're actually younger because we're less good at recycling that's interesting is it because by the time when you get older you'll be thinking right I've got to eat more healthily now but look after my heart um male or female you know whoever that you'd be more likely to back off from protein because you're worried about other organs no but there is there's a lot of evidence now that um that we need to maintain that muscle mass as we get older that's one of the biggest causes of problems as we get older and if we don't get enough protein then when we're unable to do that and plant-based proteins you need more of them really to make sure you get enough of those essential amino acids um what about exercise that's important yes and again moving back to muscle we really need to be focusing on resistance exercises so building that muscle strength up because muscles are really good way of um soaking up all the excess sugars in our bloodstream and reducing the insulin resistance so it's a good a good tool for weight control there's some magnesium help because you were saying though he's a waking up in the morning and thinking you know you've had a rubbish night's sleep the last thing you want to do is to be incentivized to get up and exercise what about magnesium does that help with your with your sleep yes well I found a lot of women who have had magnesium supplements have actually found it very useful because magnesium levels do drop off a bit as we get older and it's difficult to measure in the bloodstream because a lot of magnesium is within within the cells so it's difficult to actually get a real feel for how much magnesium you've got so that has been helpful for some women and I think what's really important is that particularly women who had dieting all the time we focus so much on calories we don't really think about all the micronutrients that we're missing and if we get really good nutrients then our brain helps us to just eat more healthily rather than using your willpower thank you very much

  Top Comments:
  1. @MariaSmith-z9e [90 likes]: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  2. @MichelleBlackChannel [34 likes]: I tried everything they recommended — walking, smaller portions, “balance” — and the weight still wouldn’t budge. What finally worked wasn’t eating less, it was fixing what was going on underneath: gut issues, blood sugar crashes, inflammation. Most women in menopause don’t need another tip — they need a real reset.
  3. @casperinsight3524 [22 likes]: Everything's an effort when hormones decline 🎯💥
  4. @giuseppinasanger6410 [12 likes]: I get confused. One minute I hear that progesterone causes weight gain, the next that estrogen does…
  5. @NeedMoreCoffeeOG [10 likes]: I've now watched 3 videos with this lady about perimenopausal weight gain and I'm still no wiser. Yes we need protein and fats. That's obvious and for everyone. What is her point.
  6. @dianasmith1398 [5 likes]: Excellent interview..so helpful
  7. @LadyK1977 [4 likes]: Wow, well said: when we get our micronutrients our brain helps us eat healthier rather than having to use will power. This has proven to be true, I found that the healthier I eat the more I crave healthy foods. I've recently begun cutting out highly processed sweet foods and have replaced them with fruit or cheerios. And then I'll have a chicken salad, and then Im full for the rest of day. If I get hungry I'll have lemon water or 100% pear or pineapple juice. So far, I'm seeing positive changes such as less back spasms, less mucus in my throat, my wheezing has completely stopped, and my night sweats have stopped as well. Im hoping to also see a reduction in weight soon

4 week update: To further reduce my calories, I have cut out the cheerios and fruit juices and replaced them with water or sparkling water. So now, day worth of food looks like this:
12 oz milk or yogurt
fruit
One meal
Water or sparkling water
  8. @knit_bear [4 likes]: These women are recommending hrt and seed oils there is a much better way with good nutrition and exercise
  9. @queent-u3f [3 likes]: 1 to 1.5 grams per kilograms in weight is a rough estimate for protein intake in menopause. There is 12.7 grammes on 2 eggs, include eggs as your protein go to. If using protein shakes, puddings, snacks watch your sugar intake as friend lifting weights became diabetic due to too much sugar intake from these. One a day is probably fine.
  10. @shelleykapp9637 [3 likes]: Seed oils??? Aren't they inflammatory?
  11. @SweetandSassyRedhead [2 likes]: I am 5 years into menopause. Wow! Really has had an impact on me physically, emotionally and mentally. I have gained 60 lbs. I used to have the best metabolism. I am trying to be patient with myself and honoring this stage in my life.
  12. @thebumblebee79 [1 likes]: Was locked in until she started her political chat about sustainability and meat
  13. @OoSamToO [1 likes]: Eat less do more exercise. Why is it so difficult for people to understand!
  14. @bomanhansson [1 likes]: This is crazy. We cannot be dependant on protein powder!?!? This is not natural at all.
  15. @helen4652: Meat is important.
Sustainability 🤦🏼‍♀️
How can it be that needing more plant protein be sustainable?
We die without protein.
  16. @karen6595: I didn't know that
  17. @ryant1506: Wow! Ladies “fix” is gear….that won’t end badly……
  18. @traceycarrington-hume5622: Your posture in the chair is awful!

- How to Make Weight Loss Easier After Menopause | Dr. Mindy Pelz: Kind: captions Language: en Dr Mindy here and on this video I am calling all my menopausal women to listen up if you are struggling losing weight through the menopause experience and Beyond those this is post-menopausal women I hear you I know you're you're struggling with getting those extra weight off this video is for you so if you're new to my channel I just want to say welcome I am a woman on the mission and overturned the metabolic damage that this world is experiencing right now so if you're new just hit the Subscribe button and notification Bell I'm super happy you're here menopausal women let me talk to you about how you lose weight here's the first thing to know when you go through menopause as estrogen declines you become more insulin resistant so it's that downward spiral of estrogen that causes insulin resistance which is why your old diet that you did 35 and 25 stops working your old tricks stop working you had estrogen at 35 you had estrogen at 25 you don't have that same estrogen level at 45 55 65. so we've got to change your lifestyle especially around insulin and make you insulin sensitive again so that's the first thing second thing it's kind of a sucky part of menopause is that we get a toxic dump so when we get a toxic dump when our hormones after 40 go up and down all those toxins that have been stored in our tissues stored in our bones all the heavy metals the lead the Mercury the thallium thallium is what causes the hair to fall out all of the aluminum those come out of our tissues and they go up into our brain and they start to affect our moods right they start to affect how we think and then the body because it's so brilliant what it does is it stores these new toxins that have been released into your bloodstream as fat so when we look at unwinding the menopausal weight we've got to look at making you insulin sensitive and look at detox and here's how this looks let's start with the quick fix the absolute Quick Fix right now today is to start to apply the principles of the ketogenic diet I want you to go into the lower carb ideally for a menopausal woman who's like trying to lose weight keeping your carbs around 50 grams net carbs is a great place to start and make sure that your car that your carbs are coming from Nature's carbs so we want them to come from things carbs that come out of the earth not carbs that come out of of a food facility so the processed carbs even if they're low calorie if they're low fat you might have been doing that for years those are the things that are causing you to be insulin assistant right now so the Quick Fix is bring the carbs down and make sure that they're coming from Nature's carbs okay the second Quick Fix is fasting so I teach fasting variation here I teach six different levels of fasting everything from 13 hours to 72 hours go watch the videos I've done on the six variations of fasting but fasting for menopausal post-menopausal women it is like it's like the golden ticket so if you haven't tried fasting and you're in your menopausal years now is the time so go back to learning how to build a fasting lifestyle okay now let's talk about long term what do you do long term so the short term is fasting and low carb ketogenic style eating the long term I put in the menopause reset so this book you can get it on Amazon right now what was really interesting is you all asked me for this to write this book so I wrote it and so many of you benefited from it thank you if you've read it and enjoyed it appreciate you um and and tell put it in the comments below because we are a community here but here's what I did in this book is I put five lifestyle changes that every woman after 40 should do and I'm going to run through those five right now I already gave you one you should start fasting second you should learn how to very and cycle your food choices third you gotta think about your microbiome so if you've been on antibiotics you've been on birth control a lot during your life when you go into menopause you have a whole set of bacteria called the esterbolome that breaks estrogen down so if that's destroyed you might be making in the age-appropriate estrogen but you're not breaking it down so we've got to go back and feed our Ester bolome I talk about how to do that in this book fourth principle the toxins you're putting on your face the toxins you're putting on your body your beauty products the toxins in your house the toxins stored in your body those are causing you to gain weight time to detoxify absolute now as you go through menopause or you're in post-menopausal years detox becomes more important than any other time in your life and then the fifth one is what uh Libby Weaver calls Dr Libby Weaver calls the rushing woman syndrome I didn't label that but I sure resonate with it we've got to start to look at our stress loads and I'll give you one other bonus one I've been thinking a lot about that isn't in the book which is working on your bringing your circadian rhythm back so make sure that you're out in the sun that you're seeing the sunlight midday you're getting up and seeing a sunrise and sunset because these blue lights that are showing up and that we're in all day long will also throw off your hormones and you become more vulnerable to those during menopause now here's what's really interesting what do you do if you're listening to this and you're 60 years old and you're like okay well I did all that wrong well this is why these principles are so important for women is that it's not too late to go back and change your lifestyle when you put the five principles that I put in this book into action even at 65 you regulate estrogen you regulate progesterone and testosterone you bring balance back to your hormones so it's not too late to start to drop weight we've just got to go back and redo your lifestyle and that is would be my absolute number one recommendation now if you are 40 and you're like okay I don't I don't want that weight gain help now put these into action right now I feel like this is the book that every 40 year old woman should be handed so that she understands what's coming down the pipeline for her with her hormones and I made it short and easy to read and some simple to apply so if you're 40 make sure you still have a cycle or your perimenopausal and your Cycles like 60 90 days apart make sure that you're applying these five principles last thing there are if you are listening to this and you're like I've done all that Dr Mindy I've done it all and it's not working now is the time for a Dutch test I just did a Dutch test on myself this morning I do one on myself every year it is the best hormone test that will show you what you need to work on so you can finally drop that weight but if you are 50 560 whatever your age and you're at the end of menopause and you're so frustrated do not give up on yourself you are not meant to gain weight that that is a myth you're not meant to gain weight through menopause if you love that video and you want to dive into more of the information I have on this channel go to this video If you're trying to use fasting as a tool for weight loss congratulations it literally is the best tool I have ever seen for weight loss I think you should start with fasting before you change your food

  Top Comments:
  1. @sumathiravindran8551 [13 likes]: 1. Fasting
2. Food selection 
3. Micro biomes 
4. Toxins  ( make up) detox
5. Stress ( circadian rhythm)
Five most principal to bring back the menopausal hormone
  2. @gretchenstranahanlol7739 [1 likes]: Dear Dr. Mindy...HELP! I am a mess😢 I just turned 51, have no gall bladder, one adrenal gland and Lyme with co-infections... I do not feel well 😔 I have been fasting for the most part of the last 3 years and on a keto diet. However, I have not been fasting with fluctuations and am now implementing that. Any other suggestions?
  3. @kimberlysadberry6757 [1 likes]: what about for a very active menopausal woman? my job is heavy lifting, i move heavy furniture 40hrs a week plus I weight train.  i need carbs 😢
  4. @ElizabethRodriguez-tm8ch: Dr. Mindy, I wanted to Thank you for sharing these tools. I started fasting the way you suggest a year and a half ago when I was diagnosed with breast cancer. At that time, I began changing my eating habits and lifestyle, and your guide truly helped me a great deal. Unfortunately, due to the treatment, I'm now in menopause and have gained 20 pounds, which I don't know how I'm going to lose. I've been fasting for 16 hours, but nothing has stopped the weight gain. I would like to know what I should do. Thank you.
  5. @The_Eagle_Soars: I need help….i do have question…. I’ve listened to Dr Mindy’s book, but is this the same process if I had a partial hysterectomy? I am 58.
  6. @Rose-jr2sf: I thought postmenopausal fasting was not good for us. What schedule is best? I know it's diff for peri vs meno vs postmenopause...I have been post meno for 10 years and did regularly 18/6 and 24 hour fasts and did not see any changes tbh-- I did this for a year - perhaps I was not eating properly then. Advice?
  7. @k.b.4619: 🤢🤮 what a horrible woman. N
  8. @duchessdelarue5983: I'm so confused.  Some say not to fast because it will raise cortisol and cortisol is what gives you that belly. I've been doing IF for a few years 16/8 but that stopped working for me as I started skipping periods and gained 15 pounds in 2 months. Not sure if it's because I started on HRT at the same time or just because my hormones tanked. I was working with a naturopath and a cortisol test showed I was too high. She suggested I do a liver cleanse but I can't continue to work with her due to financial constraints.  I just want to lose that belly I suddenly acquired and those 15 pounds I quickly gained as I'm transitioning into menopause. Now I'm wondering if fasting will just raise my cortisol more and keep me from losing the belly. I have dealt with adrenal fatigue and cortisol issues in the past but I never had a weight problem as I'm pretty active.
  9. @kimrobb1965: Lost me at detox sorry
  10. @lauralangdon2648: The first time I watched this there was a sup video that had a cold water, turmeric and acv drink.  Now I can't find it.
  11. @maryprater9218: I'm about to turn 70 in about 3 weeks. I've lost about 10 doing the fast, but now I seem to be a bit stuck. I've had cravings and stress and that has slowed me down. I just bought your book and I know it's going to help me. Thank you!
  12. @iskra9342: Intermittent fasting is amazing. I’m gonna do it the rest of my life.
  13. @kk70x7: The FIRST stock image on a Menopause vid is of a gal in her 20s. 🤦‍♀️
  14. @liluchia: I already did the Keto diet...nothing moved. I passed from 700 cal deficit to a 500 cal deficit plus gym 2x a week plus 7.5km walks 2x a week and then...I dropped it as it only caused frustration. Not working
  15. @Evelyn-v5z1v: Im 70 ??
  16. @tiggypeebs: 💗💗💗
  17. @Jeni-Tidbitz: I am reading the Kindle version of the Menopause reset. Thank you so much for this gem!! <3 I really value your advice and hope to be able to follow your protocols. (Its not easy! Coming from a high carb, fruit heavy lifestyle - which didnt help me at all)
  18. @JenniferLynne-d5l: Thank you so much for ALL you do!  I love the book!  Life changing ❤
  19. @MichelleBlackChannel: Dr. Pelz, how can women identify and address specific hormonal imbalances that may be hindering weight loss during menopause?
  20. @thereviewer2939: All the research-based evidence says that not only is intermittent fasting not effective, it also can be harmful, by dipping the blood sugar levels too low. Don't do this - there are evidence based ways to lose weight.

- My #1 Best Secret to Losing Menopause Belly Fat for GOOD: Kind: captions Language: en we're going to be talking about the number one absolute best secret to losing menopause body fat and it's not what you think so you want to stay tuned in this whole episode so you can hear the different things that cause the problem to begin with what we can do to change it what we need to be looking at and then I'm going to be sharing my number one best secret which is a lot simpler than you think we make it harder than it needs to be but it can be a lot simpler before we dive into this topic I want to make sure you don't miss another episode of this so if you're watching this on YouTube please hit the subscribe button so you don't miss another show and if you're listening on the podcast I do release one usually two episodes a week now usually two episodes a week and I want to make sure you get access to all those interviews and all of the solo episodes so make sure you hit the Subscribe button the follow button so you don't miss another [Music] episode all right so let's dive in we're going to start first with what actually causes this menopausal belly fatter as I call it the midlife thickening what exactly is going on what's causing it where did it come from I'm going to break this down there's really three categories that this is coming from number one is just your hormonal changes this is normal stuff that happens decrease in estrogen decrease in progesterone the decline in estrogen levels this is really something during menopause it's a pretty significant variable because this helps regulate fat distribution and its reduction leads to Fat being stored more and more in that abdominal area yep that abdominal area more than the hips and thighs where a lot of of us complained about that when we were younger so we started seeing that in that midsection another thing that changes is changes in our leptin and grin so menopause can alter the production of leptin which is an appetite suppressant and gin which is actually your hunger hormone which leads to increased appetite and weight gain yep so those two things those are things that happen as we age and then there's just the age related factors like loss of muscle mass now let me talk about this for a minute so we tend to think the rumor is that our metabolism slows down as we age it's not that our metabolism slows down what happens is we lose muscle mass so as women Age We naturally lose this muscle mass which then slows down our metabolism so the less muscle you have the less calories your body Burns at rest and the less efficiently your metabolism is going to work so this reduction in muscle mass that means your fewer calories are burned which leads to Fat accumulation so this is not an automatic hey your metabolism slows down because you age it's because we're losing muscle mass so we get that accumulation and then there's genetics I mean gosh darn those genetics and I'll tell you I have the list of genetics in my family because genetic predisposition this plays a role as well as where fat is stored so if you've got the mother the grandmother that had that belly fat area chances are you are going to tend to get that area as well too now genetics do not have to be everything but they are a starting point we need to be aware of if you've got something in your family like that we need to be looking at that and then there's the lifestyle factors this really catches up with us in those menopausal years so physical inactivity reduced physical activity is common issue during menopause contributing to weight gain fat accumulation around that belly also so if you've been sedentary a lot of your life and you're thinking what's going on right now that's compounding so this is catching up with us with age and then you know these things but I'm going to bring up up anyway just to make sure diet so how we're eating our poor choices such as super high calorie low nutrient food calories are not created equal all calories are not not created equal let me break this down just for one second here so yes textbook wise it takes about 3,500 calories to lose or gain a pound of fat so you have a deficit of 3,500 calories over what you're eating you could lose a pound of fat if you have an increase of 3500 calories over what you're normally eating you could gain a pound of fat but that being said all calories are not created equal and it's very hard to know exactly how many calories are in a food so for instance when you look at your food and you say I'm eating an apple well we don't know how ripe the apple is how big it is so that we don't know we're also grossly underestimating how many calories we're burning and how many we're consuming and we're grossly overestimating how many we're burning this is on a regular basis we're doing this there's a lot of variables that play into this but we are putting ourselves into crazy moods trying to count calories when it's pretty inefficient that way also if you look at calorie counting all foods are not created equal if you eat a few hundred calories of M&M's that is not the same as eating a few hundred calories of protein that protein would go to lean muscle muscle mass it would go to controlling your hunger your appetite where that those M&M's that's just complete empty calories it might give you an initial energy Buzz because of the sugar but we're going to create other issues with our blood sugar with how we're using that and then a lot of that will get stored as fat so that is a huge lifestyle Factor are we eating too many calories then also our sleep patterns this catches up with us no longer are those days where we could just you know stay out drinking and just have a little bit sleep and function you notice that that changes as is also just that insomnia and poor Sleep Quality starts becoming more and more common during menopause and that leads to weight gain if you're not getting adequate sleep so that's really important okay so what do we do on a basic level first and I'm I promise I'm going to get to like the number one thing but I wanted to lay this out for you first so you can you can understand where I'm going so what are the basic things first well number one and if you're doing this more power to you but I think a lot of people are actually not doing it they think they're doing it but they're not number one are you eating unprocessed natural food now I don't really care if if you choose to do keto or carnivore or paleo or whatever you want to label it but my question is are you eating primarily unprocessed natural world food meaning these are foods that once grew these are foods that fuel us these are foods that are good for us so proteins these are vegetables these are low glycemic fruits these are nuts and seeds and avocado and olive oil but healthy foods we want unprocessed Natural Foods because processed foods will lead and contribute to weight gain and they're very low on Nutri nutritional value so they're also going to contribute to brain frog fog and other issues another thing are you avoiding inflammatory foods maybe you got away with these when you were younger but in menopause and in these years with the midlife thickening happening we got to be really hyper aware of this now you might not like me for saying this but it's the truth there are certain foods like grains Dairy and sugar that create a lot of inflammation in our bodies now you might be the person that you say I really have no inflammation I don't have any issues more power to you but if you're listening to this and you're saying you know what no matter what I'm doing isn't working I'm in pain I've got inflammation I just don't feel well I'm not focused well I have that foggy head and you are eating grains Dairy and sugar then I would highly suggest eliminating those right now to see how you feel these are highly processed foods and they are not adding any benefit to our diet if that's working for you and you feel amazing you don't have to listen to me here but if you're struggling I highly suggest taking out grains da and sugar fact the second book I wrote which was called Aging in Reverse I go really deep on this in fact that whole book is grains Dairy and sugar-free and I break down the science as to why and what you want to look for and why some things like maybe even raw dairy would do better in your system if you really want Dairy than regular Dairy so whole another topic there but avoiding inflammatory foods like grains Dairy and sugar are going to help you with avoiding this excess weight problem next thing make sure you are breaking down and digesting your food I love to say it's not just what what we're eating it's what we are digesting we need to make sure we're actually digesting what we're eating and many of us are not we lose enzymes after the age of 35 and we stop breaking down our food we also lose our supply of hydrochloric acid our body is not going to make it like it used to as we get older so adding things like digestive enzymes hydrochloric acid is going to help us break down food the other thing is to release overall weight now this might sound more basic as I say it than it really is and I get that I'm going to get to that a little bit more later but you want to release overall weight when you say I just want to spot reduce that doesn't really work that way you can't just say I want to lose weight in this one area and have that work now you can create muscle in a certain area and you can lose overall fats in an area and make it look more shapely and more defined but we cannot control the area of our body we're losing weight from so you want to lose overall weight and one of the things I love to tell my fat loss clients is look at it as releasing weight releasing weight versus just losing weight and I say that because when you say I'm going to lose weight that leaves it up to being found again so change that language to I'm releasing the weight because that capes makes sure it stays off okay next thing I'm going to get into is a little bit more advanced than that basic stuff but the basic stuff is important now the more advanced stuff a lot of people don't like when I share this but I'm going to share it because it's the absolute truth and this is to be our own health detective we've got to be in Detective we've got to be in fine-tuning mode and we got to really look at what else could this be because just going to the doctor and getting a routine lab and having a five minute appointment and then looking at lab values is not necessarily enough especially if what is on the labs is not matching how you feel we've got to go deeper and be a detective and I just want to share just a little just a brief example of this and a story and why this became so important to me and why I stand for this in women so strongly now so gosh about a year and a half maybe two years ago now about two years ago now I was having a blood sugar disregulation and it made zero sense to me it made no sense that my A1C was higher that my blood sugar was creeping up my fasting blood sugar so I started wearing a glucose monitor now glucose monitors can have their nuances and be you know high or low on values but I was checking with a finger prick to calibrate it as well and I started having this really ridiculous blood sugar issue and just to give you a ridiculous example sometimes when we eat you know your blood sugar fluctuates it goes up to 130 140 40 150 and then it comes back down under 100 you know when you're when you're fasted that's healthy blood sugar mine was going up to about 250 after eating things that you would not predict would do that like a small piece of fruit low glycemic fruit having a small sweet potato with protein and fat I was still getting a huge blood sugar Spike and it was lingering and couldn't figure out what was going on and so just like many of you would do I went to the endocrinologist I said okay I've got type two diabetes in my family this is unusual for me and the first answer was go on met foran well that didn't sit right with me because I just know I want to look at root cause this is something that I've been trained to do it's something that I teach I preach I live by I wanted to know what's causing my blood sugar I'm not going to just take it's my genetics I'm not going to just take that it's the way that I eat because it's not the way that I eat so I went strict keto at the time like really trying to go strict on the no carbs and for those of you that don't know keto is pretty much very very very low carb getting your body in ketosis and it was not adjusting my blood sugar so I needed to go a lot deeper and this is where I started really asking questions seeing Specialists talking to friends going a lot deeper and I learned in my case it was my gut biome I actually had a lot of dysfunction going on I had some leaky guts which is not necessarily because of your diet by the way this could be passed down in birth from your mom believe it or not there's a lot of reasons for gut dispos and leaky gut but I had leaky gut and I had lots of bad things that had gotten in and this was creating havoc on my pancreas and my blood sugar so that's not what this video or this this podcast is about right now for you I want to that's a whole another story there and and how we went down the rabbit hole there but my point with that with that was what I give myself kudos for was being a health detective and going deeper and understanding and once I clean that up my blood sugar completely regulated like completely regulated didn't e metformin didn't e any of that so I say this because you've got to be a health detective you've got to look at different things like could it be your gut could that be contributing to Fat storage could it be that gut is responsible for a lot of things it's responsible for your microbial composition the types of bacteria in your gut influences how your body responds and stores fats it's responsible for energy extraction it helps break down food into smaller components that are absorbed into your blood stream we have to look at that inflammatory chemicals some gut bacteria produce things that create other an additional inflammation in your bloodstream creating pain weight gain insulin resistance all types of things and also insulin sensitivity so gut is a huge thing to look at it helps us regulate our appetite or hormonal influence food cravings all types of things so gut is something you really want to look at in being a health detective and then looking to treat it the right way whether it's fully natural with herbs and eating fermented foods and taking probiotics staying hydrated or going down a more traditional route but that is one thing to be a detective around another thing to be a detective around is your thyroid you've got to look at if your thyroid is impacting your belly fat the thyroid gland plays a crucial role in regulating your metabolism which directly impacts your body weight and fat distribution when you've got low thyroid for example you've got low thyroid you could feel very tired you could be looking and having cravings for things you could have a very very slow heart rate and not in a good way not because you're an athlete but a very slow heart rate you could be really slowing down your metabolism so having low thyroid levels could be another thing impacting things in midlife and thyroid levels do commonly go down in menopausal years this is not uncommon so really looking at those levels and checking all of the markers on your thyroid not just your TSH which a lot of doctors do but really going deep what's your T3 what's your T4 really understanding thyroid asking the questions and going could this be the thing the other thing to be a detective on is optimizing your hormones now hormones play a crucial role in body fat and regulating this this is so important and hormones are not just the sex hormones there's there's all different hormones so I'm GNA talk about some of the main ones one is insulin insulin is a hormone produced by your pancreas that helps regulate your blood sugar and this is important because it's going to facilitate the uptake of glucose in your cells for energy so how is your insulin operating because that has a huge role on belly fat so high levels of insulin which can be due to insulin resistance can lead to increased yep fat storage particularly in guess where the abdominal area yep so insulin resistance is commonly associated with type two diabetes and metabolic syndrome we need to take this seriously by the way dementia Alzheimer's is sometimes referred to in the health world as type three diabetes it's all part of metabolic syndrome well here's the thing we don't want to wait with metabolic syndrome until you are a type two diabetic or until there is problems in your brain you want to get on this early when you first see your A1C trickling up when you first see your fasting glucose trickling up when you first see issues with insulin we've got to look at this early because when someone's diagnosed with type 2 diabetes there's 10 years prior to that that there were things going on that you could have offset this so insulin is critical to be looking at that's another thing to be a detective realm the next one cortisol now cortisol is something that is produced it's a stress hormone produced by the adrenal glands and it helps your body respond to stress by increasing your blood sugar level and suppressing non-essential functions so what this is for biologically you're in the jungle in times years ago and an animal is chasing you H we need that cortisol Spike right because we need that to spike so it can increase our blood sugar and go wake up Focus run you're in danger go and now we're going to suppress non-essential functions the problem is in modern world right now my gosh we are spiking our cortisol because we got a text message we didn't like because we forgot something because we stub our toe what we're spiking our cortisol all day long and this is creating an issue so this is not how we want to use our spikes cortisol this is not a good thing we don't want that elevated cortisol all day long because that does impact belly fat chronic stress leads to elevated cortisol levels which promote fat storage and guess where yep the abdominal area because cortisol is going to increase your appetite it's going to increase your cravings for high calorie foods that's why you get stressed you all been there you know you've been there your stress gotta text I don't want I'm so annoyed I'm triggered whatever you walk into your pantry and you're not looking for a piece of celery or a bite of a chicken breast are you you're looking for that chocolate bar you're looking for the ice cream you're looking for the chips because that's what happens with this chronic cortisol raise so we got to watch that another hormone we've got to watch estrogen so estrogen is a primary female sex hormone which you know is involved in regulating your menstrual cycle so this is important and fat distribution this during menopause those levels decline okay which what happens when they decline it leads to a redistribution of fat from the hips and thighs to your guess where midsection abdominal area this shift contributes to increased belly fat that we all see in menopausal women that midlife thickening that is this low estrogen so we've got to be aware of that testosterone rle even though this is a primarily a sex hormone that is the role of it it also is present in women in smaller amounts and it's involved in muscle mass maintenance now this is going to get important a little bit later but we've got to maintain muscle to avoid having the slow down metabolism and excess fat put on so when you have belly fat and low levels of testosterone which occur in women and men by the way it's going to be increased overall body fat that this leads to so when you have higher testosterone levels you are going to be promoting lower levels of body fat so this is an important one to look at too the other one's leptin and gin we mentioned that earlier but leptin is produced by fat cells and leptin helps regulate energy and balance by inhibiting your hunger now obviously that's going to be important because if you're hungry and you're having cravings we are going to want to eat more and then we're not in a calorie uh we're in a calorie Surplus and we're not necessarily eating the best foods which also leads to weight game also gin which changes that's known as the hunger hormone that's produced in the stomach and stimulates your appetite so elevated gin levels also will increase your food intake so all important things to be detective around and be talking to your doctor about we got to be looking at all of this and see what's going on here the other hormone we mentioned earlier but that's is your thyroid this is your thyroid so your thyroid hormone really can regulate metabolism and energy expenditure and if we are low which is hypothyroidism if we're low on the thyroid level we are going to slow down our metabolism which if you slow down your metabolism we're leading to weight gain and increased belly fat so this is something we need to be checking and be looking at all this okay all that being said I just dumped a lot of information on you on being a health detective what's my number one secret though what's the number one thing because you we could talk about thyroid we could talk about being a health detective all that's so critical important but this is something you can do right now without involving a doctor without involving you could do this at home heck you could do this at home right now you could stop listening this video and start doing this the number one best secret we have got to we absolutely have to build muscle don't tune me out yet because this is important ladies muscle building is so critical for us as we age okay a lot of reasons and I'm going to go through them with you but here's the thing there's this whole myth that we slow down our metabolism as we age it's not that our metabolism is just by the S slowing down in fact research shows that it will not slow down if you are a fully healthy muscular woman what happens is we lose muscle we do lose muscle as we age and as we're losing muscle at when we age we are going to have a slowed metabolism why does that happen because the lower your muscle the less calories you burn at rest the the less your metabolism is going to work on point so we've got to maintain and even grow muscle to help with our metabolism the other reason is it's going to combat Sarina now Sarina is age related loss of muscle mass and strength and this is a significant concern so even if you're not lifting weights and you had some muscle you are going to be losing it if we do not start lifting and exercising to combat this and why is this a concern not just for body weight you're going to have a higher risk of Falls a a risk of loss of Independence we don't want that heck we don't want that and after age 60 this really starts to go down this accelerates huge the only way to slow this down the only way to slow it down is to start strength training another reason if if you don't care about that which I'd be surprised if you didn't care about that if you didn't care about that bone health so this is critical lifting weights strength training working out is crucial for maintaining your bone density so this is more critical for you if you're at higher risk for osteoporosis so if you are postmenopausal or if you have this in your family but the one thing that will absolutely stimulate bone growth and help prevent bone loss is weightbearing exercises so this is going to reduce your risk of fractures and falls and it's going to prevent future loss of bone so this is important next reason we want to build muscle metabolic health so when you build muscle you are increasing the resting metabolic rate which means you're working out you're adding muscle you're doing strength training you're doing Progressive load training you're doing this just when you're at rest when you're sleeping when you're sitting when you're watching TV just when you're at rest you are increasing your resting metabolic rate which means you will literally burn more calories at rest because you have more muscle on your body what why would you not want to do that so this decrease is your risk of metabolic disease such as type 2 diabetes obesity muscle tissue burns more calories at rest this makes it a lot easier to maintain that weight you're after next reason we want strength training is the cardiovascular health um so when you add strength training you're going to reduce your risk of cardiovascular disease now this is personal to me my dad died at age 49 of a heart attack 49 of a heart attack now my dad did not drink he did not smoke he did have clogged arteries who wouldn't have known it though by looking at him he he had a little bit of a belly a little bit of belly which I know now was visceral fat but he didn't look overweight but he did not lift weights he did not and he died of a heart attack and so when you are engaging in regular strength exercise you have a significant lower rate of risk of death from a heart disease so this is important okay I know we covered a lot there but just to sort of just to sort of recap all of these things because there was a lot of information there and I just want to make sure you're taking away that the key points number one we got to make sure we're doing the basics are you eating unprocessed natural real food are you moving your body are you staying hydrated we got to be more on point with those things less room for error there we got to be more on point with those things that's number one number two are you being a health detective are you looking at your hormones are you looking at your thyroid levels are you looking at your gut health are you looking at all of these things and asking the hard questions ask the questions don't be afraid to ask your doctor to go deeper don't just accept this is your number here's a prescription go deeper what caused that number where is this coming from from because I can promise you this even though prescriptions have a great place for a lot of reasons it's not going to fix the problem it's just going to fix the symptom that presented we've got to understand what caused the high blood sugar we've got to understand what caused the high cholesterol we've got to understand what caused the high cortisol the high blood pressure we've got to understand these things so we can go back and treat those so be a health detective next focus on adding muscle that is my biggest secret you could do this from home I'm not even kidding I would love for you to go to a gym and lift weights and do strength training but you could do things from home heck you could do air squats to start you can do lunges to start you could hold a plank you can work to hold a plank you could start lifting weights light weights with your arms you've got to start somewhere and then we've got to do the progressive overload so we've got to go up in progression to help with bone loss yes but we got to start somewhere so don't let it be a reason that you haven't done it all these years so you're not going to do it now start now and get this going I hope you found this helpful if you did please talk to me uh if you're watching this on YouTube comment below let me know that you enjoyed this that you want more of this make sure you subscribe if you're listening on the podcast and this was helpful for you please let me know take a screenshot of this put it on your stories tag me let me know what you loved about the episode this helps me create more good content for you if I know that you like more of this if I don't have the feedback I don't know if you like it or not so let me know if you want more like this and if you are loving the podcast I would love a great review from you if you're loving it I would love that from you it helps me reach new people it helps me get better guests it helps me be able to help more people in midlife as always thanks for tuning in and I'll see you in the next episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @user-lt2me6gr3n [2 likes]: Love hearing about the cause of  the midriff weight gain in menopause and how strength training and careful eating can combat this.
  2. @kimdavis1091 [2 likes]: EXCELLENT video … spot on & honest … no sugar coating
  3. @LongevityLabYT [2 likes]: Great video, Natalie! I love how you emphasize the importance of digestion and overall weight loss during menopause. As a fellow health and wellness YouTuber, I’ve seen many women struggle with these issues, and your insights are spot on.

I’d like to add that incorporating regular strength training can also be beneficial. Not only does it help build muscle, which can boost metabolism, but it also supports hormonal balance, which is crucial during menopause. Additionally, managing stress through practices like yoga or meditation can help lower cortisol levels, further aiding in weight management.

Thanks for sharing such valuable information! I’m excited to see how your audience responds to these tips. Keep up the fantastic work!
  4. @chersarijones6234 [1 likes]: Hello thank you I love the knowledge
  5. @loriwebster7881 [1 likes]: This was great information and gave me a place to start. I am going to start building my muscles. Keep giving us information on menopause because it has been the unknown for me for so long. Thamks
  6. @user-lt2me6gr3n [1 likes]: Great information! I have been into functional medicine and root cause thinking for a long time now. People need to learn that taking medication only treats the symptoms and not the actual cause of the problem or disease.
  7. @CarpCat1958 [1 likes]: Such a great and motivating summary of the key points we need to absorb and address! Thank you!
  8. @adryd8753 [1 likes]: How do you recommend taking the digestive enzymes? Thanks!
  9. @NancyBeaudoin-s8e: How do I write a review 🤷‍♀️
  10. @NancyBeaudoin-s8e: Loved this, first time listening, met you on Dr Anna MM Course! I have Basics down, working on being my own health detective and NEED to start adding muscle!!! Desperately!!!
  11. @hollys8724: Great info! Thank you!
  12. @momof9: Thanks for the video. I've had hypothyroidism for almost 19 years. Haven't been able to get it regulated. I have hashimotos and that's going down some, but my other numbers are not good right now. My A1C is good. I don't think I have high insulin, but I have a lot of belly fat. I have 9 kids and 7 were by c section. I can lose a little weight then it comes back. I have been lifting weight, but my shoulder has been hurting for a few months.
  13. @carlaedmiston1530: ❤ your information is the most down to earth I have heard and read ever.  I turned 69 today and am starting with Aging in Reverse.   Changing my mindset and in the next year looking forward to a healthier me
  14. @ariesunicorn8225: I love that you focussed on the importance of the language we use! “I RELEASE excess weight”
Wonderful, informative video!
  15. @billsgirl1981: Great info
  16. @catherinewheeler7498: Natalie! So happy to find you on utube! I have three of your workout videos and I love them. Great video…thank you. 😘
  17. @nickyvincent3811: Loved the video
  18. @laurahunter1690: Please share how to your digestive tract.  I think that may be my issue.
  19. @cheriyost2780: This was fantastic information! I would love to see more videos from you like this.
Thank you for spreading the information.

- Should you eat carbs in menopause? Carb goals for weight loss: Kind: captions Language: en all right you guys we are going to talk about carbs and menopause today this is something that is very controversial overall um and the thing is is that there's limited research on the actual helpful data that can be important for women when we're looking at carbs and menopause and also keep in mind that your specific Health can impact how your body processes carbs and how this would work for you if you have thyroid issues if you've been under a lot of stress if you entered menopause early or had a tough time with hormones it can impact this if you have gut health issues it will impact how your body processes carbs so keep in mind that even though I'm going to talk about this today and dive into some specifics for you if you're like yeah I've tried this or this doesn't work or how do I know what's happening for my body great question and one of the things that we under do to understand what's happening in your body is look at a Dutch test a Dutch test my favorite urine test for comprehensive hormones looking at a ton of information on your body not just what your hormone levels are but how your body's processing it it looks at your adrenal function and everything too it looks at your nutrient levels all of this stuff so really important when we're looking at your overall system here yes all right now Basics here when we talk about carbs and menopause is that understanding when your hormones change one of the things that changes is your gut yeah your gut changes this is normal this is normal to happen this isn't a bad thing but you're going to want to do a few different things to make sure you can break down and absorb your food food correctly one of them being getting more fiber in another one is going to be eating slower chewing your food sometimes getting food that is more broken down like ground beef instead of a whole steak right or if you do get a steak you're gonna have to really make sure you chew it and break it down to have it be easier on your gut things like that are really important and helpful gut changes are natural and your gut changes in terms of how it releases enzymes what enzymes are released and if you have eliminated carbs completely at one point your body will actually lose the ability to break down carbohydrate because of the enzymes you lose now you can get your system to break down those carbs again and kind of replenish some of those enzymes but sometimes you will need to add in some enzymes to help with that like take a supplement or utilize foods and things that have enzymes kick that's you know kick start that in your system right just get it into gear um and when your hormones change the important thing looking at carbs and menopause is that you want to balance here of simple and complex most of the time people are just sticking with one or the other or people say oh you I can't eat like I can't eat bread potatoes are bad fruit is bad it's not bad it's about how your body's processing and using it and if it's not using it we just have to help your system use it better so a balance of simple so like half and half right half simple half complex simple carbohydrates are fruits right berries apples pears things like that complex carbs or potatoes rice um oats grains just doing a simple balance and I'm not even talking about gluten-free or things like that yet either that aside having a simple balance here is important and making sure the amount of carb you're getting a day in gram at least matches what you're getting in protein is also important so if you're only getting 100 grams of protein a day you would have to keep it to 100 grams of carbide a day and that includes sugars and stuff too sugars if you're like oh well I put some creamer in my coffee that's fine it's a simple you gotta count it you gotta count it what we find what I find most often is that women who are in menopause will deal just be you'll be doing a lot of the same things that you did before and you're like yeah I was doing these things before and it worked why isn't it working now well we have to have that balance and then you have to make sure your carbs match your proteins Baseline thing to start with and do and if you're thinking oh my gosh that's not working for me what else do I do how else do I address things if you are under stress your body is going to want more carbs crave more carbs and also not process them correctly if you have adrenal issues and these are things that we look at in the Dutch test these are things we dive into making sure we can examine exactly what your system is doing where it's not functioning correctly and then address those things so that this can actually happen properly the number of times I've had gals I it's always my favorite thing where gals are like oh my gosh I woke up in the morning and I was hungry that hasn't happened in years that I'm like that's amazing amazing it should happen you should be hungry in the morning and then you should feel full and satisfied when you eat and you should get energy from your food a big piece of that is carbohydrates a big piece of that is carbohydrates yeah so if you're looking at this and thinking oh my gosh I'm not sure if I'm doing this correctly what do I eat how do I do that again look at my YouTube there is a ton of other videos where I break this down in detail you can also tune into my podcast the female Health Solution where I you know you have a ton of examples there as well and then I also list things out in my books the female fat solution which is on Amazon and the female menopause solution also on Amazon just listing out exactly like how do I do this specifically this is a short video to intro to you to this if you're like yeah I want to do it exactly I have it in a ton of other places exactly what to do to get started and if you are needing more help more guidance remember getting a Dutch test is a great place to start so that's what I got for you guys today thank you for tuning in please let me know if you have any other questions you can always comment below this video I do check the comments and if you need anything else don't hesitate to reach out to me in an email

  Top Comments:
  1. @cmac6992 [2 likes]: Is there a digestive enzyme supplement you recommend?
  2. @ishaonpurpose [1 likes]: Thanks for this. The tip around making sure you get as many grams of protein as your carb intake is a game changer for me. My brain doesn’t function well on very low carb diets, but this gives me a better framework to optimize my macros.
  3. @stephaniehoff4481: I can't do any grains, my body just can't handle it. Rashes and pain. No oats, rice or any type of grains in my diet can't do it at all because of sensitivity. Been using things like almond tortillas or casava tortillas. I love potatos too. I have a lot of food sensitivities too. Also my coach has had me at 160 protein 100 carb and 65 fat for a while and NOTHING is changing. Suggestions?
  4. @thislifefaith: Love the facial expressions talking about carbs! 😂 Great info, thank you! 🎉
  5. @laura3619: Thank you so very much for this information... that's exactly what I thought.. I've been trying to loose my belly fat with the intermittent fast,but no luck...it looks like I'm getting worst 😂😂...I guess having problems withy gut doesn't help 😢

- Menopause and Weight Gain Simplified | Women's Health: Kind: captions Language: en menopause does encourage weight gain and it can start as early as your 30s hi I'm Dr Becky from Dr Becky fitness.com I'm a college instructor of the science of nutrition and in this video I'm going to explain why menopause encourages weight gain in your lower body in your 30s and 40s and in your belly in your 50s and Beyond now it all starts with hormones and the hormones we're going to talk about are estrogen and progesterone progesterone is linked to ovulation which is when the egg is produced in the middle of the cycle so at the beginning of the of your cycle for the first two weeks progesterone is very low and then after ovulation it skyrockets estrogen on the other hand is always present throughout the month but it takes kind of a roller coaster path through the month going up and down both progesterone and estro estrogen are mainly produced by your ovaries but but you do have some secondary sources both of them can be produced in the adrenal glands which are tiny little glands that sit on top of your kidneys um estrogen can also be produced by your fat cells which becomes significant as our story goes on here now in a woman's early 30s she will enter the first stage of menopause which is called early per menopause but chances are she doesn't know that anything things different that's because one of the main things happening in early param menopause is the missing of an ovulation every couple of months or so so if we think about it if ovulation is not happening in a month well what happens to Progesterone well it's not going to Skyrocket like it normally does and it's going to stayed low the entire month long so in relation to that estrogen is very high compared to the progesterone that's that's being produced that creates a state called estrogen dominance and one of the main symptoms of estrogen dominance is weight gain in the hips and the thighs so that's the first time that we see menopause and weight gain associated with each other and it happens in the early to mid to late 30s now as a woman continues to get older she goes into late per menopause this is right before me menopause and at this stage in the game her periods can be all over the place right so one month she might have u a a very heavy period that lasts for 3 weeks at a time and then for two or three months in a row she might miss a period as the years go on those missed periods become more and more frequent until there's no more periods happening when a year passes then she has reached menopause the surprising thing about menopause is that it's a one day event uh it is actually defined as the anniversary of your last menstrual cycle so after that day after you've reached menopause then you are now considered a postmenopausal woman and at this point you're not ovulating and you're not having your period so estrogen and progesterone are both newly low they're at a new low level for the rest of your life now your body is not quite ready to give up on estrogen just yet so it wants to turn to its secondary source that secondary source your fat cells so after menopause your body likes to carry around a little bit more fat because it's giving it just a little bit of that estrogen that it's been missing now it's never going to be able to produce as much the fat cells will never produce as much estrogen as your ovaries did so that new low level of estrogen that's in your body causes a metabolic shift in the way your fat is distributed no longer do you deposit it on your hips and your thighs now it gets dis it gets placed onto your belly and that's why belly fat is such a problem for many women after menopause so menopause and weight gain they are certainly linked but they don't have to be your fate if you want to fight back and and uh control weight gain after menopause then uh I did cover that in another video and I'll link to that here uh or better yet head on over to Dr Becky fitness.com where I have an entire category dedicated to menopausal weight loss thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @elizabethivey9326 [4 likes]: I would love to see some videos on HRT.
  2. @Dolcevita_bakes [2 likes]: Doctor I’m 46 though abd started gaining weight rapidly around 44 in my stomach area.. it’s gotten out of control and really bad. I’m not gaining anywhere else as bad and I was told I was still in early menopause.. so why am I gaining weight there now?
  3. @elizabethivey9326 [2 likes]: Excellent explanation!  Thanks for making it brief but clear.
  4. @lourdessximita3452 [2 likes]: Does low progesterone causes facial hair growth? I heard it will. Is it true
  5. @MsGlamazon [1 likes]: Nicely explained one thing you go into menopause you don’t go through it you have to live in a hormonal deficit for the rest of your life
  6. @jhu9815 [1 likes]: Great vedio, looking forward to the next one - weight loss/control for middle aged women. Thanks.
  7. @beckygillaspy: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  8. @Jesusiswatchingyou-123: Please be specific on what estrogen you are referring to…
  9. @gymchick1: The first explanation I’ve heard that makes sense! Thank you!
  10. @essanjay8604: My weight hasn't gone up with menopause. I've been the same weight since the age of 18 and I'm now in my mid 60s.  I was always much bigger than most girls in my teens and twenties but now I've had the last laugh!
  11. @abrown258: I wish I  am not missing any periods and they are heavy. I am getting jipped

- Slow Metabolism: 4 Ways To Increase Your Metabolism – Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en so someone had a question can a person actually increase their metabolism okay let's talk about that well one of the things that you may have learned in other videos is that insulin resistance is one factor that can cause you to plateau with your weight so let's say your trailer's weight and you hit this setpoint you just cannot get below like your body is real comfortable at a certain weight that is because of insulin resistance there's just too much insulin in the body and people that are struggling with weight and that are overweight have a lot more insulin in their body because insulin resistance increases the amount of insulin in your body so in order to fix that you have to lower insulin with keto and intermittent fasting number two exercise now out of all the parts of exercise you have duration how long you exercise you have the intensity of the exercise you have the frequency of how often you exercise you have the recovery of how long you recover after exercise you have all these variables out of all of them it's the intensity that is the most important factor than raising your metabolism so then we have exercise okay you have several variables you have duration how long you exercise the intensity how hard you exercise and you have recovery how long you don't exercise after exercising okay out of all three of these variables the intensity is the most important in stimulating and metabolism okay it also stimulates growth hormone which is the the main fat burning hormone and other hormones - like adrenaline and also glucagon okay that's the fat burning hormone the key is doing a full body workout where you're involving a lot of muscle groups and doing it at a high intensity level but doing it a shorter duration because we want the duration short and we want the recovery longer so high intensity short duration long recovery okay so let's say you're going to workout for 40 minutes you would do this full body high intensity short workout where your pulse rate is really spiked and you're gonna rest until your pulse rate comes all the way down do it again for 40 minutes that would be the ideal scene but of course work into it and probably use the personal trainer but the this is what you need to know it's the intensity that will trigger and increase your metabolism and your mitochondria which is a little energy factories in the cell number three you probably destroyed your metabolism from doing a low calorie diet which is really a low nutrient diet so to fix that you need to nourish the body so consume nutrient-dense foods okay so that's a given you just can't heal the body with low nutrients it's just impossible number four enhance the thyroid function so you may need to add sea kelp which has the iodine and other trace minerals selenium is really really good with Hashimoto's but mainly make sure your gallbladder 'king and the liver make sure that your insulin is not too high and also avoid the GMO foods which is really responsible for blocking the thyroid and even creating autoimmune problems with the thyroid okay now the other thing on the flip side you have caffeine amphetamines ephedra which all are stimulants to the metabolism right so people take them and they go on a diet and then longer hungry and they lose all this weight but the problem it comes with a package it stimulates adrenaline that stimulation ends up burning out adrenaline receptors and the adrenal gland itself so you end up with adrenal fatigue and then you start gaining weight so this is not the way you want to lose weight this is a quick fix which comes with a package these are the four things to focus on to restore the metabolism and actually increase your metabolic rate thanks for watching hey tell me what you think about this video go ahead and comment below and give me your feedback

  Top Comments:
  1. @Maxfromohio2155 [4 likes]: Who is watching this in 2026
  2. @Drberg [1 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  3. @New-Mexico-Jennifer [1 likes]: I don't agree with any of this
  4. @OLPH1979 [1 likes]: Do you even have a way where you can lose? Weight while you're young.
  5. @majestichellium9166: There are other ways to change insulin sensitivity other than fasting and keto. Those are ways to do it but there are so many other ways
  6. @geo86able: I believe that you missed a very important ingredient, our mental state. by that I mean, if you are slow, not in intellect but in processing, then our body reactions will be slower. Pretend that you are going to do a 100 yard sprint, that energy level that you feel is getting all of your muscles ready to run! At the same time it's burning calaries. If we learn to move faster than normal, I have lost or maintained my weight and i'm 76 years of age. Just a thought.
  7. @wtf-kx2cs: how can I slow my metabolism I'm trying put on some weight
  8. @nandiaconstantinou8181: I take at least 3700 calories on average daily, I am 39 kilos, I don't exercise, I don't even walk, I sleep only 4 hours per day, I don't eat iodized salt or anything with iodine, I eat a lot of sugar and I eat constantly. Probably the DNA is the most important factor.
  9. @hewoguys2506: How do you gain weight lost so much since stop carbs due to type 2 diabetes but have a fast metaboilism so what can and how much should i eat as i am never full
  10. @Maxfromohio2155: How do i increase the intensity of the exercise
  11. @trishadowney5798: I'm 70 and there's no way I can do the workout you're suggesting
  12. @yupseedeasy2783: I enjoy listening to Eric so much, soon as I have money I’m gonna buy off his store. Starting with the electrolytes, there’s so many options I’m not sure which other ones to start with
  13. @tommycrump1: Straight to the point. Thanks Doc!
  14. @ellaaxo: i wish yall would stop making metabolism increase have to do with weight loss everytime it is addressed.
  15. @AvanAvan-z4s5d: I lost wait unintentionally so I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and thyroid but my metabolism is very fast  and it’s a problem to me I eat and go to the bathroom
  16. @KristaVandenBroeck: I can’t exercise 40 minutes at a time anymore…. I am doomed 😥
  17. @JoelJoel-of6tg: Really excellent❤
  18. @CynthiaVelasquez-vv7oc: Just found your video.  Exactly what I was looking for!  My weight has been at a plateau for years.  Thanks for clearing up the mystery!  I know what I need to do now. 😊👍🏼❤️
  19. @20sRecords: Why most of the doctor asumme that one's goal is loosing weight and not gaining
  20. @AllThingsNew1723: I’m so confused…there is so much conflicting information out there

- 10 SIMPLE Tips for Increasing Your Metabolism After 40: Kind: captions Language: en hey there my friend it's dr anthony balduzzi founder here at the fit father project and the fit mother project and one of the biggest questions that men and women ask me is dr a i'm in my 40s 50s and 60s i feel like my metabolism has slowed down what can i do to boost my metabolism what are some of the research-backed ways to lose weight to boost my metabolism and just to feel better and i want to shoot this video and quite frankly i think it was overdue because there are some simple things you can do every single day to have a faster metabolic great which is gonna help you lose more fat lose more weight and keep it off let's dive into today's video [Music] all right so let's kick off number one of the research proven ways to increase your metabolism this one's that a lot of people know but i think it's so foundational we have to start with it first and that is to eat more protein what the research shows is that when you have protein every single meal and it makes up around 30 percent of your total daily calories you get a great metabolic boost from that and the reason is is when you eat food the food has calories and protein is pretty unique is that your body actually has to burn and use calories to metabolize the protein in fact your body uses and burns up to 30 percent of the calories that you eat in protein so let's say you have 200 calories from a chicken breast 30 of those calories are actually just burned up in the process of breaking down and metabolizing that protein and this is a very good thing because you can eat food your body's burning calories and in addition not just to the calorie lift which is called the thermic effect of food your protein actually also keeps you full so you get a double whammy effect you eat protein your body burns more calories and you stay full longer meaning you're going to eat less food so this is why in many of our meals we recommend at the fit father project and fit mother project we love this idea of the perfect plate you fill half of your plate with some kind of veggies you love a quarter of your plate with some kind of great protein and fill the other quarter of your plate with either some healthy carbs or healthy fats depending on your preference you do this your meals are going to be around 500-600 calories they'll keep you full and you're obviously going to be burning calories because you're having protein and veggies in that meal so number one eat more protein number two is to actually drink more water particularly if you want to actually really amplify your calorie burn cold water because let's think about this number one the body is around 70 water we need it for high functioning and i've been interviewing people inside our fit father and fit mother project programs who've been incredibly successful over on our fit father podcast and what we found is one of the biggest changes people make is they start drinking water first thing in the morning it absolutely energizes the body it's one of the things your body needs first in the morning is some water we recommended 20 to 30 ounces at least in the morning you can add some salt for some trace minerals very very good now if you actually have cold water you get an additional metabolic boost because our bodies are always trying to regulate core temperature and when you introduce something cold the body has to use calories and energy to heat that up so that's great and there's actually a research study showing that they actually gave young children 10 milligrams per kg of body weight of and they found a 25 increase in their resting metabolism 40 minutes after consuming the cold water so if you're someone who loves it can be great now there's also arguments for having room temperature water because it's easier for your body to access you don't have to spend some energy heating up the water but it depends on what your goals are if your goals are losing weight cold water could help you but remember this is a transient increase only for about 40 minutes after having cold water but hey maybe you start kicking off your day with some cold water in the morning that might help increase your metabolic rate that's what the research suggests next thing and a lot of people know this is to start doing high intensity workouts so this is different than let's just say steady state cardio where you might see people at the gym walking on the treadmill or doing the bike at a low easy pace for 45 minutes that exercise is good it's great for your heart you do burn some calories but if you start doing high intensity exercise we have bursts of effort in a minute with some rest so let's just say you can be doing sprints on the treadmill and then you rest for like a minute and a half at a lower pace and you do another sprint that's one way to do it our preferred method inside our fit father and fit mother programs is doing a type of exercise called metabolic resistance training mrt and this is basically where we take some of the best strength training exercises things like squats shoulder press rows chest press swings and we combine them into a circuit so you're doing exercises then you're resting exercise rest this is great because it gives you a high intensity calorie burn plus you're gonna get some stimulation to your muscles because you're lifting weights it's probably the most efficient way for people to exercise so we absolutely love that if you want help getting an mrt workout they're all over our fit father and fit mother project channels what i really suggest is you scroll below in the description and you either get our free fit mom jumpstart if you're a woman in your 40s 50s and 60s we'll give you our mrt workout plus our meal plan and for guys we have our free one day meal plan and our free 24 minute workout which is killer 24 minutes you can get a great metabolism boost the key thing is to stop thinking about exercise as burning like how many calories did i burn during exercise the key thing is to start thinking about exercise as a metabolic investment if you sprinkle in these high intensity exercises three times per week let's say monday wednesday friday you can get a metabolic boost up to 24 hours after a single session so you're investing in your metabolism you're pulsing smart exercise high intensity exercise absolutely key and this leads me to number four is if you want to boost your metabolism start lifting heavy things to build muscle because muscle is very energetically expensive if you look at a gigantic bodybuilder let's just say the guy's 250 pounds of pure muscle that guy may need to eat 4 000 to 5 000 calories a day just to maintain weight that's how and energetically expensive muscle tissue is and what's really cool is the more muscle you actually put on the easier it is to keep the weight off this is why we're huge proponents of combining the strength training and the cardio in those mrt workouts because you get a muscle building benefit and the high intensity benefit all in one but classical strength training like you're doing a set let's just say the set takes 30 seconds you maybe do 8 to 12 reps of something then you rest as long as you're getting stronger working on building muscle fantastic for your metabolism especially if you are on a diet because what they show is when you're actually eating a high protein diet and you're lifting heavy things as you're trying to lose weight you maintain more muscle so you're not just losing fat and losing muscle you're losing fat and maintaining muscle so lift heavy things next on our list is to get great sleep this is absolutely one of the most overlooked aspects of health and longevity in general our bodies need sleep and here's what happens when we miss sleep a couple of metabolic changes happen in the body that's absolutely damaging number one your body becomes insulin resistant and insulin is this super important hormone that once we eat carbohydrates or some proteins we have an organ called the pancreas that releases insulin insulin helps clear out that blood sugar and some of those amino acids from the bloodstream and gets them into the cells into the muscles into the metabolically active tissues so insulin is vital for life but the problem is if we're insulin resistant insulin floats around for a long time and prevents fat burning so when you miss sleep you're insulin resistant your blood sugars are higher and it actually makes you hungrier by increasing this hunger hormone called ghrelin and actually decreases a hormone called leptin that increases your metabolic rate and keeps you full so when you miss sleep your metabolism is all jacked up you're more hungry and you're less full that is a recipe for disaster so the converse when we get great sleep your metabolism functions so much better and this is why in our programs our fit father and fit mother program is one of the first things we help people do is fix their sleep when you get quality sleep your metabolism functions better you're going to do a lot better with your weight loss and your overall health goals next on our list is to drink green tea green tea is a uniquely good drink when it comes to losing weight and losing fat green tea has a little bit of caffeine and research shows that some green tea and oolong tea can increase your metabolic rate by four to five percent and that's okay that's a nice little benefit and it's probably driven mostly by the caffeine but what i actually think is super cool is some of the special compounds in green tea these catechins like egcg actually increase fat burning so they actually help release fat from your cells so your body can burn those fats up and use it for the daily activity that you're doing so you can actually lose more fat green tea helps fat burning gives you a slight boost in your metabolism but if you really want to rev up your metabolism then coffee is your friend so this is next on the list drink coffee if you want to have a higher metabolic rate in fact they show that caffeine and coffee can boost your metabolism by up to 11 that's a high number so let's just say you burn on average around 2000 to 2500 calories per day that could be an extra 200 calories and if we stack that up over the course of a year that can be very great what i found was very interesting from the research is that actually this metabolic boosting effect of coffee works better in lean people than people who are overweight the lean people got a 29 increase in fat burning i should say in your metabolic rate but only 10 for obese women this is fat burning i want to make sure i read this in one study coffee increased fat burning by 29 for lean women but only 10 for obese women so it seems to have a good effect but i think if you're looking to lose weight and coffee is a part of your life then i recommend you do continue with just don't throw the crap in your coffee so instead of throwing a lot of sugars and a lot of creamers and stuff like maybe you try something like stevia maybe you do a splash of some almond milk maybe you put some protein powder so we have a fit father and fit mother super fuel protein and one of the things our members do is they spike their coffee with a little bit of protein absolutely phenomenal tastes great you get the benefit of a high protein diet plus you get the benefit of the caffeine increasing your metabolic rate inside the coffee so that's great drink coffee another thing that's helpful is to get some things in your diet called mcts these are medium chain triglycerides now without getting too complex into the biochemistry there are many different kinds of fats we can eat triglyceride meaning a type of fat and there's these special kinds of fats called mcts they're not long fats they're not short fats they're medium medium chain triglycerides what i think is fascinating is these mcts are actually really concentrated in breast milk and what we do is as kids when we get these mcts they provide our bodies with a ton of energy and our body uniquely likes to use mcts for fat burning it can help fuel the brain your body can make ketone bodies from mcts a lot of great things happen and what the studies actually show is that mcts increase your metabolism more than long fats so long fats might be found let's just say in some kind of animal meat or butter mcts are often derived from coconut oil as one place you can get them or you can get some straight mct oil this is why a lot of people who do like their coffee in the morning often throw some mct oil maybe like a tablespoon inside your coffee to get a little extra energy and in one study researchers found that mcts increased metabolism by 12 compared to long chain fats which increased it by four percent so mt's mcts can be good and this is a lot of the thought process behind people who enjoy bulletproof coffee where they take some high quality coffee they throw some mcts and often a little bit of butter in there and here's what i'll say about this if you really want to do lose weight and lose fat calories do matter and so if you're throwing in a bunch of extra calories let's just say three 400 calories of fat in your coffee that's not necessarily going to support your weight loss efforts unless that coffee plus the fat is replacing a meal and maybe you're using for it for some intermittent fasting what i would personally do if i was looking to lose weight is do some black coffee if i wanted a little bit of extra stuff i might throw maybe a tablespoon of mct oil maybe a little bit of protein in there that could be a good recipe and again if you do check out some of our protein powders like our fit father and fit more super fuel we give you a shake recipes guide that actually shows you the exact recipe on how to make a protein spike coffee along with other great protein shakes which can be helpful for your weight loss next thing on the list is actually really interesting it's to fidget more fidgeting like you see the people who are sitting there twitching their leg or they're doing stuff like this there are some people who genetically are just more prone to fidgeting than others and this is really amazing because fidgeting burns a lot of calories you wouldn't think it does but over the course of a day fidgeting can burn anywhere from one 100 to 800 extra calories and so i'll read the study actually what researchers did is they actually measured the energy expenditure the amount of calories burned from 16 people while they either sat down basically not doing anything they used a standing desk or they used an under desk chair where they could move their legs and fidget and what they found is chairs and devices that promoted fidgeting can increase energy expenditure by 20 to 30 percent without increasing heart rate and dynamic sitting may be upon one of the great options to help people move more while at work i think it's really cool if you can fidget more you can burn more calories this is called neat non-exercise activity thermogenesis which basically means you're moving you're burning more the final thing on our list that is really great is to use cold cold exposure is your friend if you want a better metabolism and it's really interesting as i said in the beginning we were talking about the our body's goal primarily is to maintain homeostasis and what this means balance in the system and one of the biggest things we need to maintain homeostasis with is our core temperature your body's always trying to maintain core temperature so if you've ever gone outside and it's very cold and you didn't have enough clothing one of the first things your body does you start to shiver shivering is like fidgeting your muscles are doing these micro contractions and what they're doing is they're burning fat they're burning carbohydrates to produce heat to maintain core temperature so when we take a cold shower or we maybe go on a cold plunge our body is going to get the shivering response we can burn more calories but cold is cooler than just burning calories from shivering what it also does is activates a special kind of fat that we have on our bodies called brown fat now we have white fat which might be the adipose tissue you can pinch maybe around your abdomen and this kind of fat has many functions but it primarily stores in the form of those free fatty acids brown fat is different it is brown because it's packed loaded with mitochondria these cellular powerhouses that do all this metabolism for us and produce energy and what happens is when we get cold exposure our body can actually produce more brown fat and make brown fat more active by increasing these brown fat enzymes that burn more calories this is why cold can absolutely be your friend if you're looking to lose weight and increase your metabolism a simple way to do it is to take a cold shower so maybe you do your regular shower you're on hot and at the end of your shower for one to two minutes you might go on cold it's an easy way to start or you can get to the point of taking some ice plunges and ice baths there's also great benefits to that and the final bonus i want to say that's not necessarily increasing your metabolic rate per se but is really good for your metabolic health is to start taking walks after you eat a big meal what the research shows is after we eat a meal let's say it does contain some carbohydrates our blood sugar levels start to rise and when we actually walk after a meal what happens is our body can actually take that blood sugar and take that normal spike that we experience and actually shuttle some of that sugar into our muscles into our legs as we're walking this helps stabilize your blood sugar improves digestion improves circulation and smooths out that blood sugar and insulin response so although that's not classically increasing your metabolism like caffeine per se it is improving your metabolic health which i think is a really good thing overall these are great strategies great little tidbits and i do hope that you take one of two of these things and you start applying it into your life but the bigger picture here is you need to develop a lifestyle a daily rhythm every single day where you're getting these things into your body right you're getting the right things in the morning with the good nutrition you're getting enough sleep you're having enough water you're doing things like the cold exposure you need to develop the rhythms and the habits otherwise this stuff is just information and let's face it information without action does jack for your health if you want help with this stuff though i recommend you check the links below you scroll below in the description you look at the comments below you're going to join our fit father and fit mother programs we're going to help you dial in a simple sustainable and powerful routine with your health and fitness with your nutrition your sleep your mindset your exercise and all these other things like drinking the green tea that can help improve your health and your metabolism hope you found this valuable my friend if you enjoyed this stuff make sure you subscribe to our fit father and fit mother project youtube channels we literally have i think almost 500 plus videos across our channels maybe even more than that on topics like how to increase your metabolism how to build muscle in your 40s 50s and 60s exercise tutorials how to get and stay motivated everything you need to get and stay healthy for yourself and your family we're the fit father project and fit mother project this is what we do thanks for being here my friend make sure to subscribe hit the like button if you found this valuable comment below if you use so many things and you found great health benefits in your life and if you want help with this stuff our links to our programs and our free resources are in the description i'll see you around the channel my friend we'll talk to you very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @BlinxESP [2 likes]: Yeah... sure... Drink coffee and sleep more they fit together great.
  2. @luzaguirre2830 [2 likes]: Work out is not calorie burn but rather a metabolic investment, key take away
Better mindset😊
  3. @juanvaldes2458 [2 likes]: Thank you so much for a ton of information I can use and didn't know until today.  You are a fresh of breath air as most knowledgeable people on this subject are only willing to SELL the information for a price.  You are very much appreciated and respected.
  4. @maricastrazmester2808 [1 likes]: Great video. 43.
  5. @ames5949 [1 likes]: I love this super helpful video!
  6. @joePARKS [1 likes]: This is fantastic - thank you
  7. @sajidmahmood9168 [1 likes]: V informative video. Thanks
  8. @richardmullins2850: Drink Gin and Tonic and dance with the one you love to  boost your metabolism
  9. @kristingoettlicher3503: Living in Minnesota and shivering 9 months out of the year, I should be super skinny!  😂
  10. @denaetak1147: I dont drink caffeine anymore so the green tea and coffee won't work for me.  I do need to get better sleep though.
  11. @RitooRitu: Asians drink warm water first thing in the morning. And it has worked well for that race over the generations.
  12. @neiashasimons441: "Information without action..." I felt that deeply 😢
  13. @ponytailpower8975: Going to add green tea in my routine!
  14. @lyndameng6234: What about vibration plates for exercise??
  15. @linmendoza4478: Ok
  16. @GinaGambini-kl1rw: How do I get the free work out
  17. @miyacanty4542: I have some questions please x If I take mct it plays havoc with my ibs . Also how can I fix my sleep pls and is there a certain time of day I should drink my green tea to benefit most . Thankyou
  18. @jeneeday3110: Room temperature water is the way. Cold beverages upset the stomach/digestion and can even exacerbate acne.
  19. @jennitapia1269: Its the sleep I CANNOT do.. i have struggled for years with that part 😢
  20. @kimberlymichellestudio-tt: I have advanced osteoarthritis in my hips.  Hurts to even walk one block.  I used to be so fit..not since my hip gave out.   What to do then?

- How to Fix Your Metabolism After 40 (5 Natural Ways): Kind: captions Language: en do you ever feel like your metabolism just gave&nbsp; up on you after you hit 40 like you're eating&nbsp;&nbsp; the same maybe even working out more but the&nbsp; weight won't budge and your energyy's tanked&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the wild part your body does actually&nbsp; change after 40 muscle loss speeds up hormone&nbsp;&nbsp; shift and your metabolism it slows down whether&nbsp; you like it or not it's not your fault but it&nbsp;&nbsp; is your responsibility if you want to change it&nbsp; the good news you can fix it naturally no crazy&nbsp;&nbsp; supplements no starving yourself and definitely&nbsp; no wasting hours on cardio in this video I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; walk you through five simple scienceback steps&nbsp; you can take to reignite your metabolism and&nbsp;&nbsp; start feeling like you again and honestly number&nbsp; three is probably something you've been ignoring&nbsp;&nbsp; for years but it makes a huge difference so&nbsp; let's get into it i'm Kate a nutritionist&nbsp;&nbsp; who has helped thousands of people over 40 boost&nbsp; their metabolism naturally without extreme diets&nbsp;&nbsp; or sketchy supplements all right before we get&nbsp; into what you can do to fix your metabolism let's&nbsp;&nbsp; first start off by talking about what's actually&nbsp; happening to your body after you hit 40 because&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not just about getting older or being lazy&nbsp; like some people make it sound here's the deal&nbsp;&nbsp; your metabolism isn't broken it's just slowing&nbsp; down and there are legitimate reasons for that&nbsp;&nbsp; the biggest one muscle loss starting around age&nbsp; 30 we naturally lose about 3 to 8% of our muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; mass per decade and after 40 that decline speeds&nbsp; up muscle is our most metabolically active tissue&nbsp;&nbsp; it's like the engine of your body's fat burning&nbsp; machine so when you lose muscle your body burns&nbsp;&nbsp; fewer calories even at rest think of it this way&nbsp; when you were younger your metabolism was like a&nbsp;&nbsp; burning campfire but after 40 it's like someone is&nbsp; slowly taking the logs off unless you actively put&nbsp;&nbsp; them back on and then there's the hormonal shifts&nbsp; and especially if you're a woman heading into&nbsp;&nbsp; pmenopause or menopause estrogen starts to dip and&nbsp; that can lead to more fat storage and a decrease&nbsp;&nbsp; in insulin sensitivity which affects how your body&nbsp; processes carbs and sugar and for men testosterone&nbsp;&nbsp; declines gradually which also contributes&nbsp; to muscle loss and slower metabolic function&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's not just about hormones lifestyle&nbsp; matters too most people over 40 are just&nbsp;&nbsp; moving less than they used to whether it's from&nbsp; a desk job family responsibilities or just being&nbsp;&nbsp; more tired the results are the same less movement&nbsp; equals fewer calories burned oh and we absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; cannot forget about sleep and stress poor sleep&nbsp; messes with your hunger hormones like ghrein and&nbsp;&nbsp; leptin making you crave more sugar and store more&nbsp; fat and chronic stress that raises cortisol which&nbsp;&nbsp; when elevated for too long tells your body to&nbsp; hold on to fat especially around your midsection&nbsp;&nbsp; so yeah your metabolism changes after 40 but now&nbsp; that you know why it's time to shift gears and&nbsp;&nbsp; talk about how you can speed it up naturally let's&nbsp; dive in to the first strategy now this is probably&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the most underrated yet powerful ways to&nbsp; boost your metabolism after 40 and it's one word&nbsp;&nbsp; protein now I know people here eat more protein&nbsp; and they either think bodybuilders or chalk it up&nbsp;&nbsp; to just another nutrition trend but this isn't&nbsp; about bulking up this is about keeping your&nbsp;&nbsp; metabolism running efficiently here's the science&nbsp; protein does a few things that are incredible for&nbsp;&nbsp; your metabolism and especially after 40 first of&nbsp; all it helps you to preserve and build muscle and&nbsp;&nbsp; as we just talked about muscle is the engine that&nbsp; drives your metabolism the more lean muscle mass&nbsp;&nbsp; you have the more calories your body burns even&nbsp; when you're just sitting on the couch but without&nbsp;&nbsp; enough protein especially as you age your body&nbsp; starts breaking down muscle faster than it can&nbsp;&nbsp; rebuild it and that metabolic fire starts to die&nbsp; out second off protein has the highest thermic&nbsp;&nbsp; effect of all the macronutrients that just means&nbsp; your body actually burns more calories digesting&nbsp;&nbsp; protein than it does for carbohydrates or fat&nbsp; roughly 20 to 30% of the calories you eat from&nbsp;&nbsp; protein get burned off during digestion which is a&nbsp; nice little bonus for just eating the right foods&nbsp;&nbsp; and third off it keeps you full and satisfied&nbsp; if your goal is fat loss or preventing weight&nbsp;&nbsp; gain protein is your best friend it curbs cravings&nbsp; helps regulate blood sugar and makes you way less&nbsp;&nbsp; likely to reach for a snack 90 minutes after a&nbsp; meal so how much do you need if you're over 40&nbsp;&nbsp; a good target is about 30 grams of protein per&nbsp; meal especially at breakfast which is the most&nbsp;&nbsp; common meal that people skimp on to give you an&nbsp; idea that's roughly three eggs and two sausages&nbsp;&nbsp; or 150 g of grilled chicken or a scoop of protein&nbsp; powder with Greek yogurt and some seeds mixed in&nbsp;&nbsp; pro tip if you're not sure if you're getting&nbsp; enough track it for one day most people are&nbsp;&nbsp; shocked at how little their protein intake&nbsp; actually is and don't worry I'm not saying&nbsp;&nbsp; that you need to live off of protein shakes focus&nbsp; on real whole food protein sources eggs meat fish&nbsp;&nbsp; poultry Greek yogurt cottage cheese these are all&nbsp; fantastic sources of bioavailable protein that can&nbsp;&nbsp; help you to reach your goal so if there's only one&nbsp; thing you're going to start doing today to support&nbsp;&nbsp; your metabolism that's going to help you to build&nbsp; more muscle burn more calories and feel fuller for&nbsp;&nbsp; longer this is it next let's talk about exercise&nbsp; but no I'm not just referring to cardio if you've&nbsp;&nbsp; been relying on running or cardio classes to rev&nbsp; up your metabolism I hate to say it but it might&nbsp;&nbsp; not be enough anymore when you're over 40 the game&nbsp; changes and the type of movement that makes the&nbsp;&nbsp; biggest difference strength training i know I know&nbsp; it can sound intimidating especially if you've&nbsp;&nbsp; never done it before but let me break it down&nbsp; it's not just about lifting super heavy weights&nbsp;&nbsp; and becoming a gym rat it's about preserving&nbsp; muscle supporting your hormones and keeping your&nbsp;&nbsp; metabolism from slowing to a crawl so why strength&nbsp; training muscle is metabolically active the more&nbsp;&nbsp; you have the more energy your body uses to simply&nbsp; stay alive that means more calories burned all&nbsp;&nbsp; day long even when you're sleeping and after 40 if&nbsp; you're not actively using your muscles then you're&nbsp;&nbsp; losing them that's just biology strength training&nbsp; also helps to improve insulin sensitivity reduce&nbsp;&nbsp; belly fat and boost human growth hormone which&nbsp; plays a big role in repair fat burning and yes&nbsp;&nbsp; your metabolism so what does strength training&nbsp; actually look like it can be as simple as body&nbsp;&nbsp; weight exercises like squats push-ups or planks&nbsp; resistance band workouts at home dumbbells a&nbsp;&nbsp; couple times a week or even using household&nbsp; objects like water jugs and you don't have to&nbsp;&nbsp; work out every single day two to three sessions a&nbsp; week is enough to see a big difference as long as&nbsp;&nbsp; you're challenging your muscles and if the thought&nbsp; of going to a gym stresses you out don't you can&nbsp;&nbsp; do all of this at home with zero equipment the key&nbsp; is progressive overload basically this just means&nbsp;&nbsp; making it a little bit harder over time this&nbsp; is so that your muscles adapt and grow so if&nbsp;&nbsp; you've been wondering why cardio alone hasn't been&nbsp; cutting it this is why okay I know sleep isn't one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the most captivating or exciting topics when it&nbsp; comes to speeding up your metabolism but if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; skipping over this then you're missing out on a&nbsp; major lever you could be pulling because here's&nbsp;&nbsp; the truth you can eat well you can be working out&nbsp; taking all of the supplements but if your sleep&nbsp;&nbsp; is a mess your metabolism never gets a chance to&nbsp; reset let's break it down when you don't sleep&nbsp;&nbsp; enough or when you sleep poorly your body goes&nbsp; into survival mode it raises cortisol which is&nbsp;&nbsp; your stress hormone it messes with your insulin&nbsp; sensitivity and it throws off your hunger hormones&nbsp;&nbsp; ghrein and leptin the result you wake up craving&nbsp; sugar storing more fat especially around your&nbsp;&nbsp; belly and feeling like your energies in the gutter&nbsp; and get this even just one night of poor sleep can&nbsp;&nbsp; make you more insulin resistant the following&nbsp; day that means your body handles food worse&nbsp;&nbsp; and it slows down your fat burning capability in&nbsp; the background here's what you should do instead&nbsp;&nbsp; aim for 7 to n hours of sleep every single&nbsp; night non-negotiable shut off your screens&nbsp;&nbsp; an hour before bed blue light delays melatonin&nbsp; which is your sleep hormone keep your room cool&nbsp;&nbsp; and dark your body sleeps better at around 18&nbsp; to 20° C or 65 to 68° F do not eat too close to&nbsp;&nbsp; bedtime late night eating raises insulin and body&nbsp; temperature both of which can mess with deep sleep&nbsp;&nbsp; so try to stop eating at least 3 hours before bed&nbsp; and try a windown routine magnesium herbal teas&nbsp;&nbsp; journaling or even stretching can help to lower&nbsp; cortisol before bed and yes alcohol can make&nbsp;&nbsp; you feel sleepy but it actually wrecks your sleep&nbsp; quality and increases nighttime blood sugar spikes&nbsp;&nbsp; so if you're serious about fixing your metabolism&nbsp; cut back on the evening wine the bottom line is&nbsp;&nbsp; sleep is when your body resets hormones burns fat&nbsp; repairs muscles and balances blood sugar if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not sleeping well your metabolism isn't healing&nbsp; this one change can literally unlock the others&nbsp;&nbsp; now let's talk about something that's silently&nbsp; destroying your metabolism and it's not what&nbsp;&nbsp; you eat it's what you feel yes we're going to talk&nbsp; about stress and cortisol next now I'm not saying&nbsp;&nbsp; stress is bad stress is a part of life especially&nbsp; after 40 when you're juggling work family aging&nbsp;&nbsp; parents maybe even pmenopause and andropause but&nbsp; chronic unmanaged stress this is where things go&nbsp;&nbsp; sideways fast here's what happens when your brain&nbsp; senses stress whether it's emotional physical&nbsp;&nbsp; or even perceived like worrying about bills or&nbsp; scrolling bad news at night it tells your body to&nbsp;&nbsp; release cortisol cortisol is your survival hormone&nbsp; it raises blood sugar increases appetite breaks&nbsp;&nbsp; down muscle and promotes fat storage especially&nbsp; around your belly it's your body saying "Hold&nbsp;&nbsp; on to everything we might need it." And over time&nbsp; cortisol keeps your metabolism stuck in a low gear&nbsp;&nbsp; you lose muscle crave sugar sleep worse and your&nbsp; insulin resistance worsens even if you're eating&nbsp;&nbsp; clean how do you fix it well you're never going&nbsp; to entirely eliminate stress you can buffer it&nbsp;&nbsp; and when you do your metabolism gets a chance to&nbsp; heal here are a few powerful and realistic ways to&nbsp;&nbsp; lower cortisol take a walk outside every day even&nbsp; for just 10 minutes walking lowers cortisol more&nbsp;&nbsp; effectively than highintensity exercise especially&nbsp; during stressful periods breathe box breathing or&nbsp;&nbsp; 478 breathing can calm your nervous system in less&nbsp; than a minute take magnesium especially glycinate&nbsp;&nbsp; or citrate because these help to regulate cortisol&nbsp; improve sleep and support relaxation and set&nbsp;&nbsp; screen boundaries late night doom scrolling&nbsp; stimulates your brain and raises cortisol when&nbsp;&nbsp; it should be winding down so if you're doing&nbsp; everything right and still feeling stuck do&nbsp;&nbsp; not skip this step your metabolism doesn't just&nbsp; need movement and nutrients it needs calm now&nbsp;&nbsp; let's talk about the final and honestly one of the&nbsp; easiest ways to speed up your metabolism after you&nbsp;&nbsp; hit 40 and that's when you eat not just what you&nbsp; eat not eating all day long could be the missing&nbsp;&nbsp; link you're looking for a lot of us have been&nbsp; taught to grace small meals every couple of hours&nbsp;&nbsp; snacks to keep our blood sugar stable but what&nbsp; that actually does is keep your insulin levels&nbsp;&nbsp; elevated constantly and when insulin is up your&nbsp; body isn't burning fat it's storing it especially&nbsp;&nbsp; as we get older and insulin sensitivity starts to&nbsp; drop eating frequently works against you so what's&nbsp;&nbsp; the fix timerestricted eating it's a simple&nbsp; natural way to let your body burn fat balance&nbsp;&nbsp; blood sugar lower inflammation and give your&nbsp; digestion a break all of which support a healthier&nbsp;&nbsp; metabolism now I'm not saying you need to do&nbsp; extreme fasting you don't even have to go 18 or&nbsp;&nbsp; even 20 hours in order to get the benefits start&nbsp; with a 1212 schedule that's 12 hours of eating and&nbsp;&nbsp; 12 hours of fasting so maybe you eat breakfast at&nbsp; 8:00 a.m and stop eating after dinner at 8:00 p.m&nbsp;&nbsp; and once that feels relatively easy you can switch&nbsp; over to 1410 where you finish dinner at 6:00 p.m&nbsp;&nbsp; and then eat again the following morning at 8:00&nbsp; a.m because after about 10 to 12 hours without&nbsp;&nbsp; food your insulin drops low enough that your body&nbsp; switches into fat burning mode this also triggers&nbsp;&nbsp; autophagy your body's natural cellular cleanup&nbsp; process kind of like taking out the trash and the&nbsp;&nbsp; best part your energy stabilizes your digestion&nbsp; improves and most people feel less hungry over&nbsp;&nbsp; time not more now if you're just getting started&nbsp; here are a few pro tips to kick you off the first&nbsp;&nbsp; is to eat enough protein and fat at your meals&nbsp; so you're actually satisfied the second is to&nbsp;&nbsp; drink electrolytes or herbal tea during the fast&nbsp; in order to stay hydrated and if you're new to&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting skip snacking between meals first then you&nbsp; can start to shrink your eating window gradually&nbsp;&nbsp; and most importantly don't obsess over the clock&nbsp; focus on consistency not perfection timerestricted&nbsp;&nbsp; eating gives your body what it used to have&nbsp; naturally a break from digestion a break from&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin spikes and from constantly processing food&nbsp; and in return your metabolism gets to pause and&nbsp;&nbsp; reset all right so let's wrap this up real quick&nbsp; so you know exactly what to focus on because I&nbsp;&nbsp; know I threw a lot at you in this video the first&nbsp; thing you're going to want to do is to prioritize&nbsp;&nbsp; protein aim for 30 grams per meal to protect your&nbsp; muscles and stay full the second thing you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to want to do is lift something heavy two to&nbsp; three strength workouts a week to build the muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; that burns calories number three is to fix your&nbsp; sleep 7 to n hours of quality sleep every night so&nbsp;&nbsp; your hormones can reset number four is to manage&nbsp; your stress lower your cortisol so your body feels&nbsp;&nbsp; safe enough to burn fat again and finally number&nbsp; five is to stop eating all day long give your body&nbsp;&nbsp; a break with a 12 to 14 hour overnight fast now&nbsp; you don't need to do all of these perfectly and&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't need to do all of them all at once&nbsp; but even just picking one or two and sticking&nbsp;&nbsp; to them consistently can make a big difference&nbsp; in your energy your blood sugar in your mood and&nbsp;&nbsp; ultimately your metabolism now if this video&nbsp; helped you to understand what's actually going on&nbsp;&nbsp; with your metabolism let me know in the comments&nbsp; down below which of these tips you're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; try first or if there's one you're already doing&nbsp; and if you need help figuring out what to eat I&nbsp;&nbsp; have another video on how to get 100 g of protein&nbsp; in in a day and what that looks like i'll link it&nbsp;&nbsp; here so you can check it out after but anyways&nbsp; thanks guys for watching just remember that your&nbsp;&nbsp; metabolism isn't broken it just needs the right&nbsp; inputs i'll see you guys in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @HealthCoachKait [25 likes]: Quick recap...

#1 Eat 30g of protein at every meal
#2 Stop doing cardio, strength train instead (can be body weight!)
#3 Get 7 hours of sleep minimum
#4 Control your cortisol (walking, breathing, etc.)
#5 Shorten your eating window

And check this video out next if you're struggling to figure out how to eat that much protein. I give examples and make it super simple and achievable! https://youtu.be/ixVuSyi9BnQ
  2. @MichelleBlackChannel [4 likes]: This is such an important message 🙌
After 40, your metabolism isn’t broken — it’s just responding to deeper shifts in gut health, blood sugar, and hormone balance.

I work with a lot of women who are eating clean, working out, and still gaining… until we support their body in the right order.

Grateful for videos like this that help women realize it’s not about restriction — it’s about restoration 💛
  3. @BrokenWill [4 likes]: I'm in my mid 40's and I was a little overweight about 8 years ago.Had a muffin-top waist. I've lost 30 lbs since then and I'm back to my high school weight. I walk frequently (about 20 miles a week) and I do the 12:12 intermittant fasting. I also typically only have snack foods once a week.
  4. @living4thekingdom170 [3 likes]: You're videos has been the best videos I have seen. Been trying to understand the menopause Weight gain and eating. Been researching for weeks but your videos are so helpful, right to the point and easy to understand. I pray that the Lord continues to bless your business. Thank you ❤
  5. @willekec4437 [3 likes]: This was so useful! Thank you! I am going to start with the intermittent fasting and sleep and then will try to implement the other steps slowly. Being in my 40ths I had noticed it seemed impossible to lose weight. This will help a lot!
  6. @mirnanadja [1 likes]: Excellent advice ☺️ thanks  🇧🇷🇳🇱
  7. @mickih2872 [1 likes]: Im so bad about sleeping well. Thank you for the info
  8. @LouisaWatt [1 likes]: I have actually resorted to starving myself to shift some weight, but it’s hard to sustain. When I went to the gym it aggravated my back problems so now I’m seeing the physio. Getting older sucks 😥
  9. @donnahalstead531 [1 likes]: Can u explain if body doesn’t burn fat if insulin is high how people eating high carb diets like this sugar diet that’s going viral now lose weight ??? It’s all so confusing.. I’ve been doing keto for years but can’t lose past a certain weight
  10. @gladbuck106 [1 likes]: Hi Kait could ypu please tell me if we increase.the protein when doing 0MAD? If so, how much should we aim for daily?
  11. @hotbecky880707: Can you use these tips before 40? I'm in my late 30's
  12. @minimover2695: Iv always heard if you don't eat all day your body will go into survival  mode and holds on to the fat can you help and explain? Thank you
  13. @analauramanero: This is one of the clearest, more informative videos I have watched on the subject. Thank you for answering all of my questions without me asking! I was specially concerned with the mixed messages I have had throughout my life about fasting and 'eating frequently to keep blood sugar regulated'. I will definitely try 12/12 fasting and the rest of your suggestions. Thank you!
  14. @hannahlowery1022: What type of magnesium did you recommend?
  15. @gerhardstrydom5249: Excellent video Kait - simple, interesting and concise 👏😃
  16. @candicedelk1556: Great video.  Thank you 🫶🏾
  17. @germanshepherdmom1143: Do you take on new clients ?
  18. @joeyablonskigolf: Thanks for the info
  19. @TheDressmakersCloset: Can you advise on what drinks to have? I drink sparkling water with ginger cordial which is low in calories but seems high in carbs…. is this ok or is there too much sugars? 
Carbohydrates per 100g: 54.1g
Carbohydrates per serving (500ml): 270.6g
Carbohydrates per diluted 100ml drink: 4.9g
Carbohydrates primarily from sugar:
Energy (calories): 216 kcal per 100g, diluted serving 20 kcal per 100ml
  20. @Ian-lm5ep: Current advice is target 1 gram protein per desired body weight.  For me that 190 grams.  Your videos target 90 to 100g.  Which should i do?

- My Diet as a Nutritionist Expert to Build Muscle and Lose Weight—For Women Over 50: Kind: captions Language: en as a woman over 50 what you eat can literally make or break your results now I've spent years fine tuning the perfect diet to stay strong to stay lean and stay energized which is most important let's be honest and now I'm going to share my secrets with you if you are tired of struggling struggling to lose that body fat struggling to stay energized struggling to put on some muscle stay tuned this is for you let's start first with breakfast this became so controversial who knew that it could be you've heard about intermittent fasting and skipping breakfast and I say that should be a no-go mom was right the most important meal of the day is breakfast and here is why actually there was just a study that came out that showed that people who skipped breakfast or ate a high carb breakfast you know that skinny latte and the muffin that you get when you go out to the Starbucks those people were at a higher risk for obesity than people who ate a high protein breakfast so listen to what I just said if you eat a high protein breakfast versus no breakfast you are better off you're at a higher risk of obesity if you skip breakfast why a couple different reasons now when you're eating that high protein breakfast first thing that's going to happen is you're going to have great satiety remember protein really is that satiety macronutrient that helps you feel Fuller longer helps reduce Cravings in fact there's something called the first meal effect that when you eat that it sets the metabolic tone for the day so when you eat protein at breakfast coupled with some healthy fats which generally come along with that protein source and a little bit of say a slow low carb so easy thing would be maybe Greek style yogurt with some of my bone broth protein powder stirred in couple little bit of freshly ground flax seed meal and some berries now you've got the satiety Trifecta protein fats and fiber that are going to give you nice slow steady blood sugar response no spikes and dumps for you and you're going to feel Fuller longer and it's going to set you up for making good choices on your second meal so this is super important and we know that people who eat during the normal circadian rhythm so you wake up in the morning give your body time to wake up go out see the sunshine you're going to drop that melatonin raise cortisol and wake your body up get your pancreas ready to secrete insulin so you eat breakfast maybe 2 hours after that and now you eat the majority of your calories during the light when you're most active you are going to be better off as well so rule number one make breakfast a high protein Bonanza don't skip it so what happens after breakfast well most likely you're going to eat lunch or a midm morning meal at some point now in between breakfast and lunch what would I love you to be doing working out would be a great one and getting in a lot of fluids especially some water water with electrolytes and now we're moving into your midday meal now when I look at your overall macronutrients for the day I'm going to look at a couple different things number one I want to make sure that you get enough protein in the morning because you're you're stopping that overnight fast we want to get you out of being catabolic breaking down and into anabolic building up so that is getting somewhere in the 30 to 40 grams of protein i' push to the higher amount especially if you are over 50 or eating more plant-based diet so you get the beautiful essential amino acids that you need and then looking at getting at least 100 gram of protein overall but really more like 7 to 1 gram per pound of Target body weight we know you need to push to the higher amount if you are over 40 or 50 if you're working on building muscle if you've got more muscle mass if you're more plant-based so then we're going to divide that throughout the day again make sure you get what you need in the morning and then when you think of your midday meal what I like to think about is focusing again on that satiety Trifecta so eating protein first and then making sure that you're getting in some non-starchy vegetables little bit of slow low carbs and then some healthy fats I'll tell you what this looks like for me my big hack cuz I don't love to cook is to make sure that whatever protein we make for dinner the night before we make extra of so that we have it for lunch the next day makes it super simple so let's say that we had some grilled chicken thighs the night before I always make sure we have extra so lunch is an easy one for me I'm either going to make a big salad and I love a ro Ula and then things like radishes and green onions and cherry tomatoes so I'll either do something like that or I use some leftover vegetables from the night before when I'm making something like a cauliflower peel off I always make extra of that cuz it's such an easy thing to reheat to stir some protein into and I have a really super easy lunch you can also do that with some bone broth throw in your left over vegetables throwing in your leftover protein and you have an easy soup protein Rich soup for lunch so my lunch is always leftover protein right and if I don't have leftover protein then I'm going to pop something like a can of vusa salmon or a tuna from vital choice or something like that so leftover protein loads of non-starchy vegetables a little bit of something like extra virgin olive oil or a little avocado so I make sure I'm getting some healthy fats in there and then I like to do some berries there as well especially if I worked out I always feel like I need to get some slow low carbs in there to really help crank the glycogen back into my muscles so I have energy for the next time I work out all right your final meal of the day is dinner now I love that philosophy you've heard it eat breakfast like a king and lunch like a prince and dinner like a popper I think it makes a ton of sense we really want to think of eating by the Circadian rhythm so eating a bunch late at night is a nogo for a variety of reasons number one if you eat too close close to bed now you're going to sleep your pancreas has has been going to sleep too you're not secreting insulin like you need to and all of a sudden you're overloading your body you'll see in the morning that your blood sugar is higher and that your sleep was disrupted so we really want to give at least 2 hours before bed more is better in my perfect world it would be 3 to 4 hours with a walk after dinner to improve digestion that's really what we're trying to do it's lowering the blood sugar response to the meal sure but it's really improving digestion it's a moderate walk it's helping you get ready for sleep as well if you do this correctly you can see how easy it is to get a 12 to 14 hour overnight fast because you ate about 2 hours after waking up in the morning you stop eating 2 to 4 hours before bed so it's very easy to get that done if you're hungry before bed guess what have a glass of water it shuts down 100% of dieters hunger pangs in a study that was done I think got of wash you okay so that's the first part next part big question would be well what the heck should I eat I talked about the importance of starting the day with a good bolus of protein eating it first so that we can get you out of being catabolic and into being anabolic I really think of breakfast and dinner as my bumper meals where I want to make sure that I'm really reinforcing 30 to 40 grams of protein or more so that I stay anabolic for as long as possible so for me dinner looks a lot like lunch just a little bit smaller version of it and I also like to get a little bit of slow low carbs there I found that it helps me with sleep so this could be things like lentils legumes beets or again some berries so simple easy stuff here's the way that I make this really easy for myself again I am busy and I don't love cooking my husband makes the protein by the way so he's always in charge of making the wild salmon or the Chilean sea bass or the pastured chicken thighs or the grass-fed finish beef so he makes that piece and if we don't have protein by the way one of our easy things we do is we do uh very lean grass-fed beef burgers for lunch and we'll make extra for the next day so he makes that and I'll make the veggies so I keep in the freezer Frozen cauliflower frozen broccoli rice um a bunch of different frozen organic vegetables and then in the fridge I always have broccoli green beans brussel sprouts um I always keep onions but I don't have them in the fridge they're in the pantry a variety of them yellow and red and mushrooms a lot of mushrooms I'm big mushroom fan I have them in the freezer as well and then of course in the pantry we keep all of our legumes and we'll keep some wild rice and then we also have a variety of different types of pastas like the Shirataki pasta noodles so we always have that stuff around makes it easy I get fresh berries I also have frozen berries so that it's never hard to put this all together the key thing here is shut that kitchen down after dinner and again if you want something try that glass of water or try something like an evening caffeine-free free tea that can taste like dessert they've got amazing flavors like chocolate cream Etc I learned that one when I went to calavita to speak this great Spa in California and they serve these dessert teas at night and it just it just is so satiating and helps you sleep as well let's talk about wine now I've jokingly said that my favorite food groups are coffee and wine and left in my own devices I would probably end up drinking drinking more coffee and wine and basically like limiting how much I ate of food but I don't do that and here's why let's go to coffee before we go to Wine I'm the fortunate fast caffeine metabolizer so I can actually metabolize caffeine very well but even so I like to shut it off at noon you might be someone has to shut it off at 9:00 a.m. depends on how quickly you uh metabolize it if you are not sure I would start by shutting it off at 9:00 and then you can play around and watch your auring to see how you do now let's talk wine if you are drinking wine in the perfect world you'd be better off having a glass in the afternoon or with lunch now I'll tell you going to Europe I've never understood how they do that I have a glass of wine at lunch and I want a nap but maybe I think they do take afternoon naps maybe that's why um but let's say you want a glass of wine with dinner I think the important thing is you just said with dinner and not before bed which would be very problematic in in terms of getting that great 12 to 14 hour fast a glass of wine at bedtime is not only going to interrupt that fasting time but it's also going to interrupt your sleep and I think what we have to do with wine is really have a uh serious look at how it impacts your sleep if you are drinking wine I'm going to shout out to my buddies over at dry Farm wine so shout out to Todd and David because this is lower alcohol wine so it won't have as big of an impact but let's be honest about the wine situation I used to always say get it for the Reser trol well you'd have to have like bottles of wine to get enough for cerrol so that that ship sunk sadly if you want to drink wine keep it to a glass monitor your Aur ring and see how you do um I have been doing very little wine I will tell you because I noticed such a massive change in my aura ring so I might be having one or two glasses a month versus one or two glasses a day so I think this is where what you measure and monitor you can improve and if you are going to check this out on your aura ring the first thing I would tell you to do is get off of wine for at least a week kind of give yourself a clean reset and longer is better there's a reason people do dry januaries and sober Octobers and then go in and check it out sort of like The Virgin Diet where you do an Elimination Diet you pull all the foods out the dairy the gluten the corn the eggs the soy the peanuts the sugar and artificial sweeteners you leave them out for at least 3 weeks and then you go back one by one and see how you feel I would say to do the same thing with alcohol and see how you feel because I think what you're going to find is that it can really really mess up your sleep and that can then trigger this whole host of issues like insulin resistance more hunger poor energy difficulty putting on muscle and it just may not be worth it I want to empower you with your aging that means I want you to age powerfully and so how do you do that well first thing you need to do is subscribe to the channel and like this video and then check out the next video in the series

  Top Comments:
  1. @gamecrusher2024 [5 likes]: I laugh when I hear the term "skipping breakfast". The word, breakfast, only means that you are breaking your fast. So, if you skipped your breakFAST, you would never eat! You can't skip breakfast. Your breakfast is just the 1st meal that you eat in a day. Whether that is 8am, or 8pm, that is your breakfast 😂
  2. @lindasilva5098 [3 likes]: I make homemade  oatbran muffins  with flax seed chia seeds, bananas selenium   , cranberries
  3. @TriciaHarper-f6f [3 likes]: I can’t skip breakfast but thank you for telling me what’s the best thing to eat for breakfast I’m 42 and I’m really trying to loose fat and gain muscle
  4. @cathyjennings5580 [3 likes]: Need to capture ENERGETIC ACTIVE FLOW.!!! THANKS for putting your knowledge out here to explore 😮😮❤😂 EAT WELL!!! EASY WEAR EVER GOOD FAST.   😊😢😮😂❤😅😅😅😅❤😊  AN EMPTY SPACE INSIDE my gut : STOMACH 😢😮😢
  5. @aliciamckillop2738 [2 likes]: this woman has experience , knowledge and education yet I lost all respect for her when she says walking isn’t exercise. It absolutely is and it is enough for some people. I’m 57. I have three kids. I’m 53 I weigh 105 pounds. I’m very healthy. I’m on zero medications and have never been on any. I’ve never been sick or hospitalized. Never missed a day of work and I still work 40 hours a week. I just had a physical have zero health issues. My blood work is perfect. My blood pressure is perfect. The only thing I do other walking is light handweights dumbbells, and a kettlebell but I’m not obsessed with it. I eat very healthy and just use common sense. I’m a nurse so I do have some knowledge. I watch my calories and my macros. I don’t do any intermittent fasting nonsense or keto or plant based only craziness. I will never go carb free. 
I swear a lot of these influencers they don’t realize but they are in themselves are disordered eating
  6. @rhondamcgee2114 [2 likes]: Good morning JJ.  I follow you and follow much of your advice on supplements, and I am trying to prioritize strength building with weights.  I just turned 58 and as I mentioned in a comment on another video, thankfully I have no bone loss at this point and relatively high muscle mass.  I purchased a Renpho scale (on your advice) and it shows my body fat is high, so I’m working on that, but it’s BMI, so I’m not sure it’s a completely accurate picture given my other measurements.  I have been living a fasting lifestyle (20 hours) for the last year.  It helped me to lose about 35 pounds-I still want to lose about 10 more, but I’m ok where I am-especially if I get going on the muscle building.  I do think the fasting helped me with some things other than losing weight, but now that I am much happier with where I am overall, I am struggling with whether to continue with the 20 hour fast so this video is perfect timing.  I know I am not getting enough protein.  My eating window is 4 PM - 8 PM- give or take 30 minutes to an hour.  I work full time as a middle school teacher, so fasting is easy.  We only get a 30 minute lunch and my lunch period is at 10:22 AM.   When I break my fast after school around 4-5 o’clock, I try to do it with protein.  It is usually cottage cheese with some Greek yogurt.  After that I am so satiated it is hard for me to eat much more.  Around 6:30 we’ll have our evening meal which always includes protein, vegetables and a healthy carb, but again, I cannot eat much.   I have thought about reducing my fasting window or eliminating it, but it has been so easy for me and the only thing I’ve done that helped me lose weight and keep it off (even ebbing and flowing in and out so I didn’t miss out on my life), eliminate food worry and overall eliminate stress.  I’m afraid if I go away from a fasting lifestyle I will gain the weight back.  I agree with the wine or any alcohol, but I know for a fact that it affects my sleep and my weight.  I haven’t completely eliminated it, but I drink much, much less.  I often go an entire week or longer with no alcohol.  I do want to try the Dry Farms, but haven’t yet.   I guess I rambled with this comment when I should just follow your advice in the video, but I am really afraid of going back to where I was with constantly gaining and losing the same 30-40 pounds over and over and being miserable about my body and constantly anxious about my health and food.  Practicing and living the 20 hour fast eliminated all of that but I know I’m not getting in the protein I need which is now my greatest concern. Thanks!
  7. @JohnnyMerkelbeek [1 likes]: I only drink  wine or beer in the weekends, I can't and don't want to stop 💯 % .
  8. @Idindonotin [1 likes]: Stopped drinking wine, occasional pizza, and coffee! No more hot flashes, and have better sleep! Even while on hrt, if I had any of those, I’d get a hot flash and sleep would suffer if drank any amount of caffeine. 😢
  9. @annchesher9891 [1 likes]: Fabulous advice as ever. I agree so much with the alcohol advice. Sadly it impacts our sleep training and weight so much as well as not being good for mood. My struggle is I’m trying to lose some body fat (weight) but getting the additional protein can be challenging
  10. @lorrainepacker9451: I eat only two meals per day. I cannot eat three meals; it is too much for me. I prefer to work out fasted in the mornings and then eat around noon or later as my first meal, high protein very low carb. My second and last meal is best eaten between 6 and 7 PM, also high protein and low carb. I'm in my 60's and I'm working on burning fat and building muscle. I do not drink alcohol and cannot eat any grains.
  11. @mariareginaibeng6707: From Philippines here..very amazing content..I learned a lot,here in the Philippines everything is organic,I am 49 worried for skin sagging😍thanx for the info mam..
  12. @lindasilva5098: What do you use for your salad  dressing?
  13. @lindasilva5098: I eat gelatin a lot for my bones hair nails
  14. @LouiseGriffiths-e8k: I need 2 eat breakfast first 😊
  15. @kimberlyroberts9776: Do you have a recipe book? I don’t see the 7 day plan after I calculate my protein intake?
  16. @christinemack2153: So beneficial, thank you!  I'm curious as to the skin care products/ingredients you may use on your skin.

- Avoid Muscle Loss After 40 | Protein Diet, Yoga & Strength Tips | Dr Hansaji: Kind: captions Language: en Namaskar. Did you know that after the age of 30, adults lose 3 to 5% of their muscle mass every decade, and after 40, this loss speeds dramatically. The surprising part is it's not just about looking less toned. It directly affects your strength, balance, metabolism, and even how long you live. The real mistake most people make after 40 thinking that just eating less or only walking every day is enough to stay fit. The truth is that if you're not actively protecting your muscles, you are slowly losing them, and with it your energy, your vitality, and your independence. But here's the good news. With the right food, the right type of exercise, and little smart recovery, you can actually stop muscle loss and stay strong into your 50s, 60s, and beyond. The first and most important step is to give your muscles the building block that they need is the high-quality protein. At this age, your body doesn't absorb protein as efficiently as it used to, which means that you need to be more mindful of your diet. If your meals are only rice, roti, vegetables without enough protein, your muscles will keep breaking down. What you should do is include natural protein-rich food in every meal. Moong dal, paneer, tofu, curd, nuts and seeds, all these help rebuild and repair muscle tissue. Even something simple like taking a handful of roasted chana or pumpkin seed as a snack makes difference. One simple recipe you can make is moong dal chilla stuffed with paneer and spinach. Moong dal is light, easy to digest, and packed with plant protein. Paneer adds calcium and slow digestive protein, while spinach gives iron and magnesium to support muscle function. Just soak moong dal overnight, grind it into a batter, spread it like dosa, and stuff it with clean sauteed paneer and spinach. This way you're giving your muscle a complete nourishment in a form that is tasty, easy to make, and filling even on busy morning. And if you prefer something quick to drink, you can try a banana almond protein smoothie. Blend one ripe banana, 8 to 10 soaked almonds, half a cup of Greek yogurt or soy milk, and a spoon of chia seed. This gives you potassium, magnesium, healthy fats, and good protein in one glass. A perfect way to begin the day without feeling heavy, yet keeping your muscles strong. And next thing you must not ignore is doing some weight-bearing exercises or doing some asanas. Many people over 40 thinks exercise should only means walking or light yoga. Those are wonderful, but if you completely skip weight-bearing movements, your muscles won't get signals to grow and stay strong. Remember, muscles follow the principle of use it or lose it. You don't have to lift heavy weight in gym to see the result. Even simple bodyweight asanas done at home like Utkatasana, Adho Mukha Svanasana are enough to activate the major muscle group. Just 15-20 minutes three to four times in a week will make a huge difference. When you give your body this kind of resistance, the protein you eat is directed in building muscles rather than getting stored as fat. These weight-bearing practices also do something deeper. It keeps your bones strong, improve balance, and even helps regulate hormones like testosterone and growth hormone, both of which naturally decline after 40. This is why those who combine good protein intake with regular strength training look and feel much younger than their age. And then, don't forget recovery. Many people think more activity is always better, but if you don't rest well, your muscles don't repair, and you feel constant fatigue. Prioritize good sleep, stay hydrated, and include food rich in magnesium like green leafy vegetables and seeds. These help your muscles relax, prevent cramps, and make sure you wake up with energy instead of stiffness. You see, muscle loss after 40 is not inevitable. If you nourish your body with the right protein, engage your muscles with resistance practices, and give them time to recover, you can maintain your vitality, independence, and confidence into later years. So don't make a mistake of neglecting your muscles. Protect them, and they will protect you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theyogainstituteofficial [23 likes]: Most people over 40 don’t realize that they’re slowly losing muscle every year. In this video, Hansaji shares the common “muscle loss” mistake people make after 40 and the simple lifestyle shifts to stay strong, active, and youthful at any age. Learn about how food, asanas, and smart recovery can protect your strength, metabolism, and energy naturally. Watch the full video to understand how you can rebuild and retain your strength with simple Indian foods and home practices. Our goal is to make good health a priority, promote well-being and make this world a healthier place to live in.
  2. @dhanrajmohan701 [3 likes]: Public comments.  Lord Krishna blessings to you mataji ❤❤❤
  3. @suryakumari-w1g [2 likes]: Very useful video... please do one more video suggesting some exercises can do at home
  4. @omerosdaskalos7708 [2 likes]: Very useful advice and guidance Ji 😊🙏💖💕💖💕 Thank you so much
  5. @terinramachandran955 [1 likes]: Animal protein in right quantity with resistance training 4- 5 time will help as well..
  6. @anjujhunjhunwala7361 [1 likes]: Age of 61 female suggests about muscle loss. Vegetarian . Should I start boiled egg
  7. @anandhikrishnan6389: I happened to see this video of yours just when I needed it. Thank you for taking us through the facts so well! I am 60 and hope to pick up your tips for muscle retention! Thank you!
  8. @jayahemnani4705: Thank You Hansa Maa, Are supposed to eat Protein dense food after workout or before...?
  9. @Aditya-j5b3t: Nature-Amino from Planet Ayurveda really helps improve muscle strength naturally.
  10. @gratefulnthankful9412: Thank you very much
  11. @shilpashinde5247: How nicely you made it easy to understand..❤
  12. @satishchhatpar: Thank you
  13. @vasavisridharan5922: Thank you mam🙏🏻🙏🏻
  14. @dhairyavan7809: Thank you sharing your knowledge
  15. @Ah-xb4cu: Thank you
  16. @pradeep051: The intro seems good and relevant, but the advice of food is really terrible. 
Moong dal has very limited protein and is also loaded with carbs.
you have to lift heavy weights to strengthen bones and muscles.
  17. @sangeethac959: Very useful
  18. @12sayada: Thank you so much Mam ❤
  19. @oamyway975: 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  20. @lokeshsharma-gd1xo: While growing older appetite also not good, i think this is not a good suggestion to eat or drink

- How To Increase Metabolism At Any Age (6 Tips): Kind: captions Language: en our metabolism does slow down as we get older but so much of the metabolic slowdown that we blame on age is actually due to Lifestyle factors we can change adding up we have to remember that nothing works forever and often what we got away with even when we were younger is now coming back to haunt us as our body and lifestyle evolves we've got to adjust how we feel and train that's why I'm going to share six tips to help you boost your metabolism and lose fat at any and every Age first focus on hydration many of us know we should drink more water but the struggle is real to actually change its habit not only is it confusing to know how much water to drink but it's hard to stop yourself during the day to get water when it isn't really a part of your routine or you're not really thirsty for it however proper hydration becomes more important as we get older and even start the hormonal changes of perimenopause especially if you're training hard you want to consider consuming more than the general recommendation of 50 of your body weight in ounces you want to even chew for 70 of your body weight in ounces of water consumed every day a one tip to help you drink more water is to set out a filled water bottle by the coffee maker to remind you to drink more water even as you make your coffee but you can improve your hydration by not only drinking more water but also by consuming more water through your foods to consume more high water content foods make a salad of cucumbers bell peppers tomatoes and lettuce add berries to your oatmeal for breakfast to improve your hydration to start your day or try melons in your cottage cheese as a protein-rich snack to stay hydrated but focus on waste not only drink more water but improve your hydration through the fruits and vegetables that you consume because this will also improve your micronutrient intake second eat 30 to 40 grams of protein per meal increasing your protein is key and while most of us have heard we can only consume 20 to 30 grams of protein in one sitting this just isn't the case while 20 to 30 grams may be the max we need to specifically utilize to build muscle from one sitting this is also based on studies of protein supplements the other macros we consume at the meal will impact the rate of digestion slowing the process to even let us better utilize lies more in one sitting not to mention as we get older we're less able to utilize protein as efficiently meaning we need more to see the same results that's why increasing our protein intake to 30 to 40 grams per meal is especially post workout can be so key the harder you train the more you want to focus on a higher protein intake to make sure you're able to repair and recover more efficiently from your training if we aren't able to recover and rebuild properly we may see our hard work in the gym not pay off the way we'd like in terms of strikings and muscle growth which can impact our metabolic health and protein is not only key because of its muscle building benefits but also because it keeps the feeling Fuller for in a calorie deficit to lose weight this can make sticking to our nutritional plan easier long term which allows consistency and time to work their magic plus protein has a higher thermic effect than the other macros this means that your body burns more calories to digest and utilize protein for other bodily functions and to keep your tissue strong and healthy it's also important to find your food quality balance I'm a big believer in working in the foods you love I love having a rice crispy treat or Reese's Peanut Butter Cup or ice cream as dessert and I'll plan these things in first when I want them I also think we often sabotage ourselves with this clean eating pressure where we feel like we can't have things we enjoy and we eliminate Foods arbitrarily that aren't even necessarily an intolerance we personally struggle with but we do need to find a balance quality fuel helps our body function best and we always want to seek to balance enjoying life and functioning optimally we need those essential micros to not only feel our best and stay healthy but even to keep our metabolic rate higher and help us lose fat a few micronutrients you might want to focus on more if you're working to lose fat and rev that metabolism are choline magnesium vitamin D selenium and zinc choline is involved in the process of lipolysis or fat loss helping to break down fat into smaller pieces to be burned as energy eggs beef red potatoes and kidney beans are all great sources to include magnesium is involved in nearly everything but when it comes to fat loss and Metabolism it helps control insulin and glucose which both impact fat storage it can also help with water retention and bloating especially as you're increasing protein and making other dietary changes pumpkin seeds chia seeds almonds and spinach are all great sources vitamin D is also key to include but it's harder to boost through our food consumption even if we try to get out of the sun daily as we get older we want to make sure boosting our intake even with a supplement Studies have shown that low levels of vitamin D are linked to higher rates of obesity and both selenium and zinc are key for proper thyroid functioning impaired thyroid functioning will lead to a slower metabolism to increase your intake of selenium include foods like Brazil nuts yellowfin tuna and halibut and to increase zinc consider oysters pumpkin seeds pork loin and even oats while I've already talked about three key nutritional tips the best results happen when our diet and workouts work together that's why you can't ignore the importance of your training for your metabolic Health when designing your workouts stop doing body part splits design progressions that work your upper and lower body same workouts full body workouts or anterior posterior splits can be beneficial if you're looking to keep your metabolism healthy as you get older without having to spend hours in the gym six days a week not only are these workouts more efficient but you'll Target multiple large muscle groups at each session to help you more efficiently build muscle and burn more calories while I never like to focus on training is just a time to burn more calories this extra calorie burn because you're working more big muscles per session to build more muscle isn't a bad added bonus and by doing these splits you can also increase your training frequency for areas over the course of the week training a body part two to three times per week over simply doing more for an area in a single session may help you see better muscle gains that training frequency of two to three times a week can help you grow lean muscle for especially stubborn areas it can also help you train the area at a higher intensity each session performing a higher overall quality of work as too often we simply include more training volume and a workout that becomes wasted as we fatigue over the session so design workouts that allow you to Target different areas each and every session but that include work for both your upper and lower body the next training tip is to focus on low reps and heavy weights too often we turn to more cardio or metabolic workouts we want to lose fat they make us feel out of breath and like we worked hard but muscle is what Stokes a metabolic fire to build that muscle we need heavy loads and progression and movements that challenges our muscles to tear them down so they have to rebuild stronger that's why you want to work down in reps and up and weight during your training and while using a diversity of rep ranges is ideal don't ignore that maximal strength rep range of one to five reps even if muscle hypertrophy and fat loss are your goals increasing our strength and allows us to move more weight during our training sessions which will improve our muscle gains so while you might have heard that 6 to 12 reps is best for muscle hypertrophy and you do want to include this rep range working lower in reps and higher in weights will help you improve your strength and this will allow you to be stronger to lift more when you do work in that 6-12 rep range consider including a single heavy compound lift at the start of your workout for four to five rounds of three to five wraps resting three to five minutes between rounds follow that up with other compound accessory exercises in that six to twelve rep range to Target specific muscle groups you've already started fatiguing with that first lift the final tip is to Sprint more this high intensity interval work is so key to our conditioning and metabolic Health it's a great way to burn more calories in a very efficient way as well and if you perform short intervals of work of even just 10 to 20 seconds with three to five times the rest you can really train for Speed just don't get caught up in doing a bazillion rounds you don't want to feel beat down from these short sessions less is more think even just eight to ten rounds of Sprints go all out and fully recover you want to train for Speed and that means not working before you fully recover when you include Sprints in this way not only can you help keep your metabolic grade higher even increasing your calorie burn after the sessions but you'll help improve your Mind Body Connection to even get more out of your lifting this explosive power helps you more efficiently recruit muscles and this can lead to better strength gains these short intense bursts also help us see better results from other workouts because they improve our conditioning and therefore our ability to recover more quickly between rounds of work better recovery means better quality of work during our training using these six tips you can improve your metabolic Health to lose fat at any and every age just remember the best results happen when our diet and workouts work together if you like the video make sure to like it comment below if you have any questions and subscribe we're posting new videos each week foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @avenpeak [55 likes]: i’m 49 and coach part time now but used to train clients full time and YES to every tip you just shared. people blame “aging” for everything when most of what they’re dealing with is strength loss from years of low movement and trash sleep. i tell my over-40 clients all the time, your body still works, it just needs better input. besides, fat loss didn’t make sense until you see your labs and you can do it through vital test hub
  2. @redefiningstrengthOC [19 likes]: Thank you for all your comments and questions! I've tried responding to as many as I could. If you need personalized help or have more specific questions, I invite you to join my free community at https://strongateveryage.com There, you can interact with me and receive guidance from my team of Registered Dietitians as well!
  3. @Ariane.Lafreniere [2 likes]: Trainning 5 days a week specific with a trainner, eating all the good things you said and more, no sugar no alcool, plenty water , still bloated a lot (doc doesnt know) only 23
  4. @syedaraiha5966 [1 likes]: 1. Hydration from water and water rich foods 
2. At least 30-40 gm of protein in every meal
3. Micronutrients like Choline, Magnesium, Vitamin D, Selenium and Zinc 
4. Full body workouts or lower upper body split. Target big muscles 2-3 times a week
5. Low reps with high weights. 4-5 rounds of 3-5 reps with 3-5 min rest in between sets
6. Sprint more. 10-20 sec HIIT with 3-5 sec rest. 8-10 rounds
  5. @KS-op5hb [1 likes]: what type of magnesium is best?
  6. @Thevoiceoverguy6 [1 likes]: Add a pinch of salt to your water or your just dehydrating yourself with all that water
  7. @smacc3670 [1 likes]: No spinach or cashews, too many oxalates!
  8. @Maxfromohio2155: Which foods are high in protein
  9. @tangodelta7809: Water doesn’t play a major factor in metabolic rate
  10. @vkarteman: Great information!  I appreciate providing information without trying to sell me something.  At 50, I have had to complete gut my old workouts and diet.  However Interval training has definitely helped!  I will also try to incorporate more whole body workouts with body weight excercises to increase the burn! So helpful!
  11. @Lucky-r7y7w: Perhaps it's because I'm not American, but I don't understand how much water she is telling us to drink.
  12. @latashasmith6685: Do I get rid of the yellow yolk?
  13. @seraplayz6320: would intense sports work as a way to boost metabolism?
  14. @bernardwong913: But the formula used to calculate BMR does not have these in the equation?
  15. @DannyBoy443: I have to be honest, I like the left pic on the thumbnail.
  16. @jaredmayo5820: Yeah it's like mine reading or something else
  17. @Oilfield_Dan: I have a hard time allowing myself to eat carbs. My body blows up when I eat something like rice or pasta. I know the low carb diet is probably slowing down metabolism to a near standstill, but I’m still losing fat. I try to take it easy on fats too. Only explicitly eat 1 oz of nuts a day
  18. @thanku_herbs: Thanks . I want to win the fight if happens in future with 4-5 heavy men. Strength of vegetarian .
  19. @Bankman92: Any advice on whey protein or creatine  drinks?
  20. @DrewTheGeniusMusic: Yeah but you look better in the before

- How to Increase Metabolism Over 40 | practical ways to boost metabolism: Kind: captions Language: en recently I got a question from a listener which was how can I improve my metabolism as an athletic woman over the age of 40. I thought this was a really great question to address on the podcast and that's exactly what we're going to be looking at on this episode I'll be sharing my top three strategies that women athletes over 40 really need to know if you're an athletic 40-something woman who loves lifting weights challenging yourself and doing hard the fuel your strength podcast is for you you'll learn how to eat train and recover smarter so you build strength and muscle have more energy and perform better in and out of the gym I'm strength nutrition strategist and weightlifting coach Steph gadro the fuel your strength podcast dives into evidence-based strategies for nutrition training and recovery and why once you're approaching your 40s and Beyond you need to do things a little differently than you did in your 20s we're here to challenge the limiting industry narratives about what women can and should do in training and Beyond if that sounds good hit subscribe on your favorite podcast app and let's go foreign welcome back to the podcast thanks so much for being with me today on this episode we're going to be diving into metabolism over 40. specifically what athletic women need to know and I'm going to be covering three really important Concepts and these if you could only do three things it would be these three things I would recommend doing so I'm going to be talking about the sort of like what to do in the second part of this podcast I'm also going to be very briefly touching on the concept of energy flux and also kind of tying together some of these threads that we've been weaving about energy intake and metabolism before we head into the episode as always if you are like okay I've been listening to this I just need someone to help guide me I need expert guidance and coaching with a system where all the pieces work together the nutrition works with the training works with the recovery to get me to the goal of building muscle um getting stronger and increasing my energy and of course performing better in and out of the gym then I want to invite you to book a call to chat more with us about strength nutrition unlocked and how we can potentially help you so you can do that over at staffgadro.com apply to book your call all right so we've been weaving together several threads in the last several episodes painting a picture about things like energy intake low energy availability red s we've talked a little bit about energy flux in previous episodes we've also touched on things like how how do you understand total daily energy expenditure and on the very very surface level what is metabolism and the reason I'm bringing this up is because I hear so often from athletic women over 40 who are very concerned about metabolism and oftentimes it goes like this my metabolism is broken or my metabolism isn't working anymore and we've talked about in previous episodes why that's not an accurate statement and your metabolism is always working it just may be adapting downward in a downward Direction based on the inputs that you're putting in so the reason why I'm bringing this to you is because I want you to understand why energy intake is so important why I'm always prattling on about making sure you're eating enough especially if you're training really hard and you have goals for gaining or preserving the muscle mass that you have currently so the reason I think this is an important Counterpoint to what you're going to hear in the world is there are so many people focused on uh quote unquote balancing hormones or they're going to be tons of people who are going to try to get you to buy metabolism boosters or you know fat burners or things like that or selling you some kind of Solution that's not really a solution to what you think is the problem and metabolism is complex it's essentially all of the biochemical reactions that are going on in your body at any given time we could also think about it as how your cells turn the food that you eat into energy and this could get to the level of postgraduate College difficulty and that's not my intention with these podcasts my intention is to give you a slightly more nuanced conversation than what you're going to see out in the world especially on social media and you can understand things from a science-based perspective without making this a college level education and a lot of women come to me and they're like okay just need to understand what to do to improve my hormones and improve my metabolism and I understand why that question is asked in that way but what I'm going to turn it back to in this episode is not how to manipulate any specific hormone per se because if you do need hormonal support that's best left to the care of your medical team but I also want to turn it back to what's practical because frankly that's what's within our control anyway is what to do what to focus on because we want to take it back to behaviors and habits that you can actually Implement so first let's review the concept of energy flux I first talked about this with my colleague Jamie Scott on episodes 352 and 353 so if you really want the Deep dive on this I would highly recommend that you go back and check this out but we've been really painting this picture ever since those episodes on why just constantly slashing food intake lower and lower and lower over time is going to be fighting a losing battle so let's just briefly review energy flux energy flux is essentially looking at how much energy is coming into your system versus how much energy is going out and what is the magnitude of that so for example a low energy flux might look like consuming a thousand calories a day and then using 1500 calories a day which would theoretically in number land here result in a 500 calorie deficit however that low calorie intake which I am not recommending and I am only using for illustrative purposes would result in a state of low energy availability which we've talked about several times on this podcast and low energy availability is the main driver behind the syndrome red s we know that both of these things have negative effects on metabolism hormones Performance Health and well-being contrast that with a higher energy flux in which a person might eat 2 000 calories a day and expend or use 2500 calories both of those scenarios result in a 500 calorie deficit however the person who is in taking more energy more food energy is also likely not going to be in a state of low energy availability and able to expend more energy through movement especially if that person is building more muscle so we can create a calorie deficit but have different effects so we want to think about why energy flux is so important and we know that as we cut energy intake lower and lower we're going to see a metabolic adaptation specifically in these two categories we definitely see a decrease in a non-exercise activity especially with people who are feeling unmotivated or you just don't want to train or you feel like you just can't move you just want to stay still all the time we've actually talked about that in a previous episode about overwhelm and lack of motivation so definitely go check out that podcast also lower energy flux would have an impact theoretically on your resting energy expenditure that means our basal metabolic rate so as your body becomes smaller we know that body mass and size is a huge contributor to how much energy your body is using when you're completely at rest so as your body size theoretically goes down we're also seeing that your resting energy expenditure would also decrease you're just using fewer calories at rest your body also becomes more efficient at absorbing energy from the food you eat when you have a lower energy flux so that means your body gets much better at extracting energy and absorbing that energy through the process of digestion and when we think about this and I I want to emphasize this we do not want to lose muscle mass when people say oh I just want to lose weight I know that that's a common thing to say but we never want to lose muscle mass muscle mass is so incredibly important and we know that muscle is an organ of longevity so if we're losing muscle mass this is going to have an impact on resting metabolic rate and thus our overall energy expenditure and while it might not be thousands of calories a day these things do add up over time so if body mass does decline we're seeing again decline in our resting metabolic rate or resting energy expenditure we're seeing a decline in the amount of energy that we actually expend through exercise especially if we're losing muscle mass and we're unable to continue pushing the intensities that we were before especially with lifting weights and then we're also seeing a decreased desire to move which is certainly going to impact our non-exercise activity thermogenesis and of course we learned in the previous episode why that's an important part of our energy expenditure every day and one that we can absolutely have a huge impact on so can you minimize these compensations while trying to nourish your body maintain your energy levels train hard of course the answer is yes and research tends to indicate that maintaining a higher energy flux could be a key factor in a successful sort of Trifecta here of being able to train hard have enough energy and provide your body with what it needs at the same time so why is higher energy flux useful the first reason is that you expend more energy by maintaining a higher muscle mass and again is this going to be thousands or even several hundreds of calories a day no but we're looking at compounding interest over time so when we have more muscle mass this helps maintain a higher resting metabolic rate again the most significant aspect of your total daily energy expenditure and that is up to about 70 percent of the energy that we use daily is just our basic bodily functions y'all it also results in a higher thermic effect of food especially when you're concentrating on increasing your protein intake protein has a much higher energy usage when we need to digest and assimilate it estimates range here depending on the sources that you're looking at but generally speaking the thermic effect of protein is 20 to 30 percent of the energy content is used for digestion when we compare that to Fat which is somewhere between zero and three percent and carbohydrates which are about five to ten percent we can see that increasing your protein energy can have a small but potentially meaningful impact over the Long Haul when it comes to our actual energy expenditure through building more muscle mass secondly when you're engaged in physical activity or non-exercise physical activity you will have more energy expenditure so as you move through the world with more muscle on your body you're going to use more energy to do that movement right very very important and you're also going to give yourself enough food to cover your energy and nutrient needs and hopefully not end up with nutrient insufficiencies or deficiencies which we see is actually startlingly common when people are in a state of low energy availability we also see that people have better appetite control both food and physical activity can help regulate appetite hormones and food preferences and lack of sleep also can affect appetite regulation but we're also going to see that when you are in a low energy flux hunger signaling is much higher so put another way when you're in a higher energy flux you have lower or hunger signaling which means that you're not going to be thinking about food and craving food and thinking about eating and all the other things the behaviors that we tend to see with people when they are in a state of low energy intake or low energy flux the desire to overeat energy dense food tends to go down as well and again as I said this can include thinking about food constantly watching cooking shows all the time saving recipes not that those things are always associated with being in a low energy state but we tend to see those behaviors kind of uptick when you're hungry you start thinking about food more it's one of the signs that you need to eat is you start to have more thoughts about eating this is especially interesting when you increase your protein intake that tends to become because it's higher satiety a sort of self-regulating mechanism for not overeating on energy dense foods especially combos of high carb lower fat and low fiber foods which really pack an energy punch total energy intake is also modified when we more closely match our energy intake to energy expenditure and then last but not least you can tend to eat more and improve your satiety and this is especially true when I see women get caught in the loop of tightly restricting their diet what they're eating followed by periods of what I'm going to call quote unquote here binge eating noting that binge eating disorder is certainly a distinct um situation and not all periods of overeating are actual binge eating but we just mean periods of going without eating much followed by an intense urge to eat a lot and in some cases ending up very uncomfortably full because of said episodes focusing on meals with mostly Whole Foods is the key here and I don't mean eating a clean diet or eating a perfect diet but just really focusing on high quality proteins higher fiber carbohydrates and some you know healthy fats and you can actually eat a very fulfilling meal this way and because you've including included all of your macronutrients tend to find that you have a lot more satiety you're probably not going to be as ravenous as you approach meal time and you'll probably finish the meal with a higher degree of sustained satiety afterwards and of course being able to eat in social situations is helpful as well because we're not constantly thinking about bringing our own food or hyper managing the food situation so that gives you a bit of an overview about energy flux and specifically what are the benefits of increasing your energy flux and what that really means is slowly over time increasing the amount that you're eating and of course being able to expend then slightly more energy through your training not that we're always trying to just burn more calories that's not what we're saying here and that's not the point of this episode but it's really to understand how to get more adaptations out of your training by being able to match higher intensities over time through Progressive overload and if you're tired all the time and you're bonking in your workouts and you just don't feel like training for weeks and weeks on end it's going to be really hard for you to have the consistency that you need to have said positive adaptations in your training and we've also talked at length about low energy availability and red s and why we want to avoid those States so now we're coming to the point of the podcast where we're going to look at the practical application what are the three things that I would focus on if I could go back and do things differently and what are three things I focus on a lot with my students and my clients remember we said at the top of this show that metabolism is complex as our hormones I am not a hormone balancing coach nor do I pretend to be and I really do believe that in terms of the world of hormones and even things like menopause hormone therapy this is best conversations best left to your medical team right talking to actual experts in medicine and in endocrinology who can help you understand the nuances of hormones themselves and why it's not so simple as just quote-unquote hormone balancing which is what a lot of people on social media like to talk about so that disclaimer being made I would rather focus on what are three things that I see working really well for my students and clients and three things I wish I had started focusing on a long time ago so these are really filed under the idea of lifestyle of nutrition and training and things that we can do to improve our health and well-being and focusing on the behaviors themselves right that's what we're really trying to to move the needle on here I will also say that a lot of these things are best done with guidance and support whether it's from a sports nutritionist like myself some kind of a coach with experience a registered dietitian etc etc so the first thing is to start with eating more energy specifically looking at protein intake most of the women that I work with are not eating enough protein to support their health and their performance goals their training to recover properly from their training and so on increasing your protein intake is so very important if you want to hold on to muscle mass or you're trying to actively build muscle mass especially as we're going through the process of perimenopause and into the post-menopause period and this is going to also help things like appetite regulations satiety and so on we also know and we talked about today that protein has the highest thermic effect of food and it's really really important in building and protecting that lean mass as I just said this also impacts resting metabolic rate we know that this is the largest component of your daily energy expenditure and while we might not be talking about boosting quote unquote your metabolic rate by many many hundreds of calories it's just important to understand that any protein that we add is going to naturally help Drive our energy expenditure up and this is also going to be useful for other things that I'm going to mention here in a moment so we need to build muscle and in order to do that and in order to have a higher rate of muscle protein synthesis compared to muscle protein breakdown we need to eat enough protein to give us the proper amino acids for that process and look for an upcoming episode in the future more about this topic but suffice to say muscle building should be a top priority a top priority especially as we're getting into our 40s and Beyond because of said changes that are going to occur including natural aging and the propensity towards sarcopenia which is loss of muscle number two we want to add strength training to build lead mass and of course this is going to be supported by additional protein energy intake you can do all the training that you want but if you're in a low energy availability State and you're not providing your body enough protein intake it's going to be really hard to build more muscle so what I'm talking about is muscle but also things like building bone building stronger tendons and ligaments and connective tissue that's associated with moving your body under load each strength workout in and of itself doesn't quote unquote burn a lot of energy if we compare it to more aerobic based based exercise which PS also should be part of what you're doing however you're playing a longer game of building more metabolically active tissues in the category of muscle here to help your energy expenditure slightly increase in all of these different categories we've covered this in a previous episode resting metabolic rate energy activity thermogenesis or purposeful exercise non-exercise activity thermogenesis and also the thermic effect of food right and so we know that strength training specifically quote-unquote lifting heavy is very important we need to provide enough mechanical load or mechanical tension or stimulus to actually get our muscles to adapt that's how it works so it doesn't mean you have to lift and your spine is going to pop out of your body every single session but if you're only Ever Lifting light weights you're probably not going to get the adaptations that you want and so we want to be able to see improvements due to more consistency having fewer you know missed sessions and again we're not talking about being perfect here but just over time you're able to maintain consistency that you're able to maintain higher intensities in your weight training and in your cardio conditioning frankly and that you're able to make progression over time and improve your Fitness levels and last but not least and you're probably going to roll your eyes but that's okay is to look for opportunities and strategies to build more non-exercise activity or neat into your day so simply put move around more often Nate is going to increase the number of calories that you use in a given day very very simple so some people like to say tracking your step count can be one way of monitoring this certainly that can work for people um Apple now even has a new feature on the newest version of iOS so you can kind of set a goal and I guess use it sort of like a Fitbit but there are lots of other ways that you can do this you can set a timer to try to get up every say 30 minutes in your day and introduce some movement snacks my preferred method is to track your time spent walking each day because it can be possible to cheat your step counter I mean literally I've heard from some of you out there that you you know maybe your spouse is like laying in bed at night and it's like gotta close my my rings on Fitbit and so they're like waving their arm with the Fitbit on in order to close the Rings or you're walking like walking in place in your bedroom at night like are those disordered behaviors I mean if you feel like you just can't go to sleep because you have this like open ring situation going on I don't know maybe not the most healthy uh perspective so I like to think about time spent walking because you can look for opportunities to add in short walks even five or ten minute blocks throughout the day to build up to a reasonable daily total and it's much more easy to actually put those time blocks in your calendar than to say oh do I have enough time for 3 000 steps right now I mean you could kind of understand roughly how long it takes you to walk a certain number of steps I just find working off of time can be a lot more strategic in the day and a lot easier to kind of fit in and then it does add up from there so lots of different ways that you can do that but these anchor strategies are going to combine to you know slightly drive your energy usage up and of course if we're talking about meat meat can have a huge impact on your daily energy usage and as I mentioned movement snacks are wonderful but I really love walking for the mental health benefit for clearing your mind or getting out and getting some fresh air and it is kind of meditative right because you have that rhythmic movement of your body and it it's just can be such a great Counterpoint to the training that you do in the gym so I definitely did not have a walking practice until last year April of 2021 and I started off with 15 minutes at a time and now I've built up two I would say on any given day I walk between 30 minutes and an hour I I also am not a huge fan of setting a ridiculously high step goal for yourself right out of the gate I think that you need to build up over time and allow other things in your life to flex around these movement goals that you do have I hope this that this podcast has been useful for you to think about how to actually put some metabolism friendly practices into play in your life so that you're not stressing about the metabolism but rather you're thinking about what are these positive Health promoting changes that I can make what are these positive habits I I can introduce into my life that are going to have a benefit above and beyond just thinking about it in terms of the minutia of your metabolism we've also talked about in this episode that increasing your energy flex over time is also going to help you spend slightly more energy through movement exercise and digesting your food and helping you build muscle and these will have positive impacts I hope that you've walked away with a clearer understanding of why athletic women over 40 especially need slightly more nuanced conversations about Energy and Metabolism and frankly the Practical takeaway must messages then you tend to see out there on social media so thanks so much for tuning in to this series definitely share this episode out on social media please subscribe on your favorite podcast app as well you can get the show notes for this episode at stephgadro.com and if you're ready for support and coaching and guidance on these topics you really want to build strength you really want to add muscle have more energy and perform better both in and out of the gym anyone to use a framework that really helps lay out what to do so that you're training your nutrition and your recovery go together then book a call with us at stephgodro.com apply we'll hear more about your goals and decide together if this is the right fit for you again you can do that at stephgadro.com apply thank you so much for tuning in to this episode and until next time you guessed it stay strong

  Top Comments:
  1. @toowavyydotbiz: you talk too much, i can't listen to whatev you're talking about aside from the topic that i clicked for .
  2. @toowavyydotbiz: 4:23 , how to increase metabolism, please?
  3. @toowavyydotbiz: 2:07 , really losing interest. when does the podcast start?
  4. @toowavyydotbiz: 0:57 , when does the podcast start?

- How Much Protein You Need To Eat EVERYDAY To Lose Weight: Kind: captions Language: en okay protein is one of the most important things you need to be eating enough of every single day if you have a goal of weight loss in mind but so many people are not even getting close to the amount they need to actually see those benefits of protein for their weight loss and wellness goals so today I'm going to be sharing with you exactly how much protein you need to eat for your body if your goal is weight loss as well as what that actually looks like in a day my name is Autumn I'm a certified clinical nutritionist with my Master's nutrition Human Performance and today's video is sponsored by element mourn them in a bit so you'll often see this same type of information repeated over and over that we're eating more than what our body needs for protein or that we're getting plenty of protein and most people are getting too much protein that is based on terrible information it's based on the idea that we only need 0.8 grams of protein per kilogram of our body weight so for a lot of people that's only like 40 grams of protein per day or like 40 to 50. this number comes from the typical USDA guidelines which as you guys know is that really fun food pyramid that everybody trusts so much and that guideline was never intended to actually be enough protein to help you achieve your weight loss or Wellness goals it was only meant to be a number stated to not get a protein deficiency that's it in fact research is actually showing you need between 1.2 to 1.6 grams or maybe even higher of protein per kilogram of body weight to actually see those benefits and there's even research showing that even that could not be enough so I've personally found that with my clients I usually find some great success at that 1.6 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight for those who are looking to achieve a weight loss goal that can sound a little jargony so what does this actually mean so if you measure your weight in pounds you're just going to multiply your weight in pounds by 0.73 this 0.73 is just the conversion of getting it out of kilograms and into pounds so let's say you weigh 150 pounds and your goal is weight loss we're going to take your 150 pound weight multiply it by 0.73 and that will be the amount of total protein you need to eat in a day so in this case it would be 110 grams of protein so obviously a lot higher than that like 40 to 50 grams of protein per day now if you measure your weight in kilograms then all you have to do is take your weight in kilograms and multiply it by 1.6 either way you'll end up with the same number just with different directions in fact let me know in the comments below what you got for how much protein you need per day brief intermission while you do that okay now one big caveat to this though is if your BMI is over 30. so this would be considered the obese category if that's the case then what you'd want to do is use your ideal body weight versus your current body weight so rather than taking your current body weight and multiplying it by either 0.73 or 1.6 then you're going to take your ideal body weight if you aren't sure what your BMI is there's a lot of free calculators online because it's kind of like a confusing equation so I wouldn't recommend trying to do it yourself I'll have that linked down description below for a free one that I use it's very simple so you have your total protein let's say that 110 grams of protein per day what does it actually look like because I don't recommend just tracking all your calories macro counting that's not a really sustainable way to approach weight loss instead what we want to do is be able to understand what that protein looks like and how to actually get it into your meals now before we go into that I want to give huge thank you today's sponsor element element is a really amazing zero sugar electrolyte company that was created with fasting and lower carb eating in mind I love it and we use it every day because it's such an easy way to get the sodium the magnesium and the potassium that's needed to help prevent muscle cramps or headaches especially if you're exercising or especially when you're cutting out sugar and refined carbs it's really easy to lose a lot of water and a lot of sodium so having a zero sugar electrolyte replacement that actually has all those electrolytes that you need can be really helpful along your journey I love using their unflavored options before I go to work out to make sure that I actually have the electrolytes that I need to work out and sometimes I'll even have a second packet if it's particularly hot if I'm sweaty if my workout was really hard or even if I'm really stressed because stress tends to increase increase our need for electrolytes as well in those times I'll go for their flavored options some of my favorites are the raspberry salt they're lemon habanero they're mango chili they have so many different flavors that all taste amazing an element is really easy to use you just tear open the package dump it in your water give it a shake and you're ready to go and right now element is offering my viewers a free sample pack with any order that's eight single serve packets free with any element order it's a really great way to test out all eight flavors so you can get yours at drinkelement.com forward slash Autumn this is only available through my link so make sure to check out d-r-i-n-k-l-m-n-t.com forward slash Autumn also have the link down description below okay so with 110 grams of protein per day that's like roughly 35 grams of protein per meal in fact four best results with weight loss in mind I do recommend sticking to meals and not having snacks I talked a lot about this in my other videos so if you want to learn more make sure you check out my playlist on weight loss without counting calories for a lot more information so this is what 110 grams of protein will look like in one day so first up we have breakfast or break fast if you're following intermittent fasting I use one and a half cups of cottage cheese that alone has about the 35 grams of protein just in the cottage cheese so now you know okay I have my base amount of protein with that cottage cheese now to make it a complete meal you can just add the toppings for myself I put saute blueberries that were sauteed in a vanilla ghee and then some peanut butter next up for lunch we have a tuna salad now this is really easy because a typical like five ounce can or four and a half ounce can of tuna is going to have about 35 to 40 grams of protein for the entire can you can just use that whole cane of tuna as your protein and then also to make this more of a complete meal I've added in some cabbage slaw as well some avocado mix in there for some high quality fat and fiber and then for dinner I have about four and a half ounces of cooked ground beef that I made into like little meatballs and this will provide me about 34 to 35 grams of complete protein and then to make this a complete meal I paired this with some garlic roasted veggies that were so good just copy this whole meal honestly it was amazing so each of these meals prioritizes high quality sources of protein and you can see that it's really the centerpiece of the meal where we then add on high quality sources of fat and fiber to kind of make it complete in fact if you want more information on types of proteins and what different amounts of protein actually looks like make sure you check out this video next also if you're new to my channel and you love this science fact information make sure you subscribe right here come out new videos every Tuesday and Thursday alright guys thanks so much for tuning in and I'll see my next video [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rubylily2509 [2 likes]: 2:26 THANK God..im in that category and was struggling to even stomach 150gtms of protein a day..
  2. @TheHaratashi [1 likes]: I would need 150g of protein per day using this formula. That's a ton.
  3. @Tink_LookingForThatBlessedHope: Thank you for the information now. I know that I only need about 83 g of protein a day.  Everybody kept telling me I had to have over 100 which was very hard for me to hit.  I am 113 pounds now.  I lost 70 pounds over a year ago.
  4. @GabriellaTrujillo14: If I weigh 133Pds .I want to stay at 133. How much protein am I supposed to eat? Is it 97.09
  5. @frenchcakes: finding a protein powder using 2 cups of milk is a great way to get 55-60 grams of protein in a meal without going nuts on the calories, rotisserie chicken is fantastic too especially if you're taking the skin off, switching to ground turkey from beef also helps a ton with the calories and it even has more protein, and way more health benfits ive went from 310 to 250 in about 7 months, i dont work out or go to a gym, just average 10-15k steps a day
  6. @dublinbluetune: Fantastic! I can now eat 18 eggs per day!
  7. @danoooo2897: so 70.1 X1.6=112.16 so i need what
  8. @paulflint6254: Btw tuna contains a lot of mercury, swap for Salmon
  9. @down_cooking: so your saying if i’m 172lb 
(172 x .73-=125.56) I would have to eat about 40g of protein per meal to loose weight? that seems like a lot! My BMI was 27.4 so less then 30. my goal is 145
sorry I’m confused. Is this right
  10. @OskarC.Olsene: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman's weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  11. @謝瑋文王: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman's weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  12. @SergeierJaggers: If you’re struggling with weight loss, Woman's Weight Lpoken Truth is the book you need. It’s amazingoss Secrets: The Uns
  13. @IdalinewTilbury: Best thing I ever did was reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, after applying the knowledge I got from the book I feel like the cellulite is magically disappearing from my body
  14. @НикитаГлебовка: The insights in Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth blew my mind! I’ve tried so many different things, but this book gave me real, actionable steps to see results. Highly recommend!
  15. @AndredaPhlippi: The fact that nobody talks about the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, speaks volumes about how people are stuck in a trance
  16. @JacquBorrowman: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, completely changed how I approach weight loss. It’s a must-read!
  17. @LouisFiddiman: I thought I’d tried everything until I found Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The  Truth. This book is next-level helpful!Unspoken
  18. @OrvarPhilcott: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, opened my eyes to so many things I didn’t know. If you're struggling with weight loss, this is a must-read!
  19. @CristinarSchohier-i6e: Best thing I ever did was reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, after applying the knowledge I got from the book I feel like the cellulite is magically disappearing from my body
  20. @JefferDury: If you’re struggling with weight loss, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth is the book you need. It’s amazing

- ये है तरीके METABOLISM बढ़ाने के || WAYS TO BOOST YOUR METABOLISM: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning friends, I am Dr. Vijay Mishra from Gas Ke Lekar Hospital, Swaroop Nagar, Kanpur. This is a scientific channel. This is a scientific celebration. I request you to subscribe to this channel and share this video. Today I will talk about how you can boost your metabolism. I will talk about ways to boost your metabolism. Look, this is absolutely true. Some people say that no matter how much I eat, I remain thin. So, they are eating anything, eating in large quantities, eating high-calorie fruits, yet they are thin. Therefore, their metabolism works well, it works hard, so no matter what they eat, they remain confused. There are some people who say that I eat very little, but my obesity does not reduce, it keeps increasing. This is actually because you follow Twitter. Due to slow metabolism, there is this kind of problem, which actually indicates that You eat what you send into your body, how is it actually processed and its absorption is done so that it can be converted into energy, if you boost your metabolism, it means that whatever you eat is utilized by your body, it metabolizes it, it converts it into ATP energy, this is metabolism, so if your metabolism works well then you will actually be able to maintain a healthy weight, firstly if you are able to maintain it then you will be able to have a balanced food and drink, secondly you will be able to eat a complete diet, if your metabolism works perfectly then what are the ways to boost your metabolism, number one is protein, you should actually take some diet in which protein is your source, you should definitely improve it in every diet, as far as protein is concerned, our director is a very important account statement, Indian diet, it is absolutely true that most of the time there is difference in the trophies, but you should try that Every time you eat, there must be a protein in it. The protein that works to build the muscles in our body, it works as a stand, there is no such structure for which protein is not necessary for the maintenance of the muscle. If you want to maintain the muscle mass, then protein is definitely required. As far as protein is concerned, when you eat, your body has to work extra to digest the protein itself, this is called this food. When it is such a thing, then your body needs more energy to digest it, metabolism has to be increased and due to this, your metabolism rate or basal metabolic rate also increases, so if you eat that bread, then your stomach will remain on the rise. Similarly, the protein that you take, then your stomach gets bloated for a long time, so we will not get good results, so it should not be such a meal at which you have stopped. There is a convenience that you should eat this meal frequently, why is this so, you should send it to your mail, it should be low calorie. Understand the truth that when you eat anything, your body works in a sequence. You digest whatever you eat. Whatever you eat comes out through the food pipe. When whatever you eat reaches the food sac, the food sac is grinded. Whatever you eat goes into the intestines. It is such a mince that its contents are processed. Waste material moves forward through saliva, through which you ultimately pass it through the esophagus. This is the sequence. Look carefully at the sequence. The application in the sequence is trail wine, it is grinded. And the definition is that whenever you eat something, this entire sequence is valved. So if you repeatedly get this Malvan treatment, then this sequence will be the same every time. If you follow it every time, then your metabolism will naturally increase. So, you should take this Malvan treatment. Note: Scientific studies believe this to increase metabolism. All these 27 thousand important points go to sugar, whether we talk about beans or directly, the black pepper or the indelible black pepper is included in it, or salman or cinnamon, it is included in it, the bay leaf which we use in our food is included in it, so these are some types of things which try to take our metabolism upwards, it is believed that if I work in a particular lifting job, then you should take a break of 4 to 5 minutes after every 45 minutes, that is a 5 minute break, in this you need to do any high intensity exercise, whether you both walk a little, have tea, you should dance a little for 4 minutes, now do jumping jacks, or do three Surya Namaskars, like, do speed walking for 1 minute, so the interval activity that you do, it actually increases your matup weight, but this is the studied metabolism, that is why it stays for some time, then the net starts working, slowly the metabolism increases by 3 inches or You will start doing it again after 40 minutes, then your metabolism will go upwards, then you will sit down, then downwards or in between you will do some such exercise for 4 to 5 minutes, then metabolism will remain upwards. You should drink water, water and underwater, both have their own zone statement saying that if you drink water, then to heat it, your body temperature has to be raised, this metabolism increases, and if you drink hot water, then it also increases metabolism and you consume more energy, in the past, whether you take cold water or warm water, but there is a need to increase water intake, local training is very very important issue, you should understand it carefully, when you do vegetarianism, then in reality your muscle mass increases, if your muscle mass increases, then your body spritz amount will increase and then it definitely needs continuous maintenance of that muscle mass, this means if there is more energy in your body, then there is more energy in it. More calories will be utilized to maintain this. This means that your network will be higher, and even if you are not exercising, you will burn more calories. If this is the case, then your energy will remain naturally constant or optimized. Therefore, you need to increase your malmass. For this, you also need to train. You do not need to follow a strict diet in any form. See, many times it happens that you do regular physical activity, you work out for an hour or two every day, yet you see that your weight is not changing at all. Your body is very smart. It knows how to maintain that same weight. It knows how to increase the energy. When you run or walk every day, your body recognizes that this activity happens every day and in that very activity, it actually reduces the process of burning calories. So, you work out every day, but it burns fewer calories. And that is why your The weight does not reduce because when you exercise daily and on average it is believed scientifically that in 1 hour you can only lose 100 calories. In the country, if you do high intensity interval training, doing a willing workout for one hour, then you burn approximately 400 calories. So, ₹1 physical activity is sometimes used to straighten out your metabolism. These media people do not do anything about it, but we need to balance our hormones. How will you balance them? The hormones are produced the most during sleep. Therefore, if you sleep late or sleep less, if you have such a problem, then your hormone production will be imbalanced and the hormone circulation will go down. Apart from this, you need to improve both the quantity of your juice and the quality of your beans, which is the period from 12 to 13 in the night. In Central India, the period from 12 to 8 in the night is the most It is an important period when your sleep is for you and it optimizes them, so you need to have some leadership qualities, you need to optimize the quantity of your sleep, if you sleep less and sleep late then this is problem material, it is a problematic situation which will trouble you, so if you follow these simple tips to increase sleep time then your amazon will increase, your metabolism will increase, your body will burn more calories and will burn more calories, so you will be able to balance your food, you will be able to optimize your weight, so if this video helps you in understanding how to strengthen your media people then definitely share it, I am Dr. VK Mishra from K Toli, Wah Aakhri Chhor Nagar, Kanpur, thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ashok85631 [7 likes]: Video देख के सो जाता हु में तो
  2. @all-rounder1391 [2 likes]: Mera to khane ko dekhne se hi weight badh raha h kya karu
  3. @labdeepsingh8883: Metabolism booster technique 
1.protin intake with every meal 3:01 
2.small frequent meal with low calorie 4:05 
3.5 min high intensity exercise after ever 45 min gap
4.planty of water 
5.waight traning 
6.good sleep
  4. @vishaltyagi22: Important information
  5. @SadiaSajid-z5g: Kum krna ka b Bata dain
  6. @annapurnasarkerhia679: :face-purple-wide-eyes::glasses-purple-yellow-diamond:
  7. @banmalibag9018: ❤
  8. @NileshPathak-z6m: Nice tips sir ❤
  9. @GurmeetSingh-uu9xs: Sir mai weight loss kar raha hu aur khaane mein protein items lene ko bol rahe hai sabhi. Lekin mera uric acid increase ho jaata hai protein item regular lene mein . To uske liye kya karu. Sar please reply muje weight loss karna hai
  10. @devendrahansmani6095: Thanks sir 🎉
  11. @sushilkumarsrivastava452: Very nice explanation Sir.❤
  12. @muskanjulania6789: My metabolism finally makes sense
  13. @Ramakant-u7u: Dr saheb sexual desire ya nightfall rokne wali medicine jo physiology ko gadbad krke bmr low kr diya body temperature bhi km ho gaya hai ,ab BMR kaise badhaye Maine 2007 me nightfall rokne ke liye liya tha
  14. @cutesardarni3104: Protein digeste karne k liye gallbladder chahiye jo ki remove ho gyi ab kya kre kaise kare
  15. @amrutavibhute7922: Thanks
  16. @SONGISTAN4U: Aaapka video me knowledge to milti hai lekin fir bhi vo helpful nhi hoti
  17. @VlogGiggle786: Jisko uric acid ki problem h to wo protein kha skte h
  18. @majharsingh9291: Very Very Thanks
  19. @omarfaruqueahmed8072: Best sleep time.. Koi bolte 12-3,koi bolte 10-02,koi bolte 11-3.....I don't know which one correct
  20. @tarunkashyap7822: sar agr patle hone ke liye metabolusam kese boost kar bataye pealse सर

- #1 Absolute Best Way to Eat Healthier for Women Over 40 🌱📖💪: Kind: captions Language: en news flash your body seems to change the rules right around 40 so you just can't eat the way you used to and expect to get the same results today I'm going to Spill the secrets of how you can outsmart the hands of times and reclaim that energy and body you had in your 20s and 30s by eating for what your body needs now in 40 and Beyond so you probably heard of soy because of the phytoestrogens but turns out there's some better I of flavone rich foods and when I'm thinking of those specifically I'm going to call out tahini which is made with sesame seeds and sesame seeds and chickpeas are great sources so hummus is another one flax seeds and garlic these are phytoestrogens that can help balance the hormonal fluctuations that start to happen they can even start in your 30s but for sure now they're going on in 40 plus it can also potentially alleviate symptoms associated with menopause like hot flx lashes and mood swings and these isoflavones may have a protective effect on bone density which is of course really important for preventing osteoporosis and fractures plus consumption of isoflavone rich foods can help support heart health and they may help lower LDL cholesterol levels and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease Plus isoflavones have antioxidant properties can contribute to healthier skin by protecting it from oxidative damage and some research suggests that isoflavones may be able to impact cognitive function and memory and also have a protective effect on breast health which of course is particularly relevant for women in your 40s who are concerned about breast health and cancer risk plus these are great healthy foods overall to be incorporating into your diet next up another one I want to make sure you're incorporating into your diet every single day is clean lean quality protein and that is because as we age we have this phenomenon that happens called anabolic resistance which means as we age it is harder for us to go through muscle protein synthesis we are going to need more protein not less as we age now you know protein supports muscle maintenance it supports strength and functionality all these things that we have to have to stay active and to have an independent life Plus protein is the most thermic food macronutrient there is so protein rich foods take about 25% of the calories when you eat them just to be just to digest and met metabolize them contrast that with carbohydrates which is like 5 to 10% and fat which is negligible so here's a great metabolic boost if all you did was take the same amount of calories and move some of the calories away from carbs or fat and put them into protein that can help you start to lose body fat and also improve not just the um not just your metabolism but also your satiety and your satisfaction next up proteins really important for bone health and protein can help regulate hormones related to muscle development fat metabolism and overall Vitality plus of course we know that protein is the most satiating macronutrient and what's going to really blow it for you on your diet being hungry right so it also goes beyond satiety because there's satiety and we know that we've got a couple different hormones being regulated by protein one of them is grin one of them is cck these things that will tell your body when you feel full and you don't need to eat anymore but beyond that it also impacts your satisfaction what I've seen dramatically with people who are going through my 7-Day eat protein burst free challenge is the big things they tell me is they're not hungry and they don't have cravings and I think probably some of that is and this is a hypothesis is that protein helps us make our neurotransmitters which then help us control our cravings and of course if you've can controlled your hunger and your Cravings it is going to be way easier for you to manage your body composition and make better food choices and by the way the studies show that people who eat protein first that is my mantra make better protein Choice choices plus of course protein supports the maintenance and repair of joint tissue which can help with joint pain and Joint stability and overall reduction in the risk of injuries we also know that protein intake is essential for brain health because it's going to provide the necessary amino acids for neurotransmitter production which can impact both your cognitive function and your memory now in my 7-Day eat protein first challenge I show you how easy it is to increase your protein intake to where you need it to be and that's why it comes with a calculator so you can figure out how much protein you need plus I'm going to give you plenty of recipes to help you get started and best of all this is free you can get this at JJ virgin.com 7day and that's the number seven now next up are carbs now first off I have to say that all carbs are not created equal because you know white bread's a carb and broccoli is a carb so obviously these are not the same but we want to start to think about carbs because of what they can do for your adrenal health for your cortisol for your sleep in fact one of my buddies Dr Alan Christensen says if you eat slow carbs at dinner it will help lower cortisol so you can get that sleep so that you can then repair from all the wear and tear of the day he talks about this in his adrenal reset diet so we want to eat carbs but what I talk about in my sugar impact diet diet is again all carbs are not created equal remember all carbohydrates turn to sugar except for fiber it's just a matter of whether we're making them slowly making that Sugar slowly from the food we're eating or if we're mainlining it let's say like we're eating Skittles or a muffin or something like that so we really want to look at eating carbs as close to Nature as possible that has a lot of fiber so that would be things like say a sweet potato that has vitamin C and magnes iium that can help regulate cortisol levels now remember I'm talking cortisol here because I find with a lot of us who are stressed or have any adrenal issues making sure that we get in our carbohydrates first from non-starchy vegetables then from a little bit one two servings of fruit especially berries and then a little bit of slow low carbs that we just do better that it helps regulate our cortisol levels because remember if you've got elevated cortisol which can happen due to stress especially acute stress stress it's going to disrupt your sleep patterns which then can mess up lead to like chronic sleep disturbances which can then lead to insulin resistance when you have some healthy carbs in the diet again deep green leafes loads of non-starchy vegetables some berries some purple sweet potatoes for the wind maybe some wild rice some squashes some legumes that is going to help you manage cortisol and promote a sense of calm and relaxation and help with better sleep especially getting a serving or two in your evening meal let's dig into fiber and really when I think about fiber I think of you know the prebiotics and probiotics and ferments and everything else that can help the gut so fiber first fiber can act like a Prebiotic and a Prebiotic is a non-digestible fiber that can promote the growth and activity of beneficial gut bacteria I look at prebiotics as the fuel as a way to feed your gut microbiome this provides essential nourishment for these little microbes in your gut so that you get this nice balanced and diverse gut microbiome now let's talk probiotics because I just mentioned having this great diverse gut microbiome so one of the ways that you can help facilitate that is by getting in probiotics probiotics of course help with healthy gut bacteria diverse gut Bia and when you have a healthy gut you've got better nutrient absorption one of the places you can get probiotics is in fermented foods and so fermented foods can be things like kimchi real pickles real sauerkraut or yogurts I find that to be the easiest way to do it I wish I could say I loved kimchi but I've been playing around with different plant yogurts without added sugar and uh working on getting some in every single day and again that can really help with gut diversity and you really want a big gut microbiome diversity now one of the other cool things that fiber does and we're talking fiber remember there's there's a variety of different types of fiber but specifically here soluble and insoluble fiber can help support regular bowel movements and help you not have constipation which is super important because remember one of the ways we detoxify is through our stool so we want to make sure that we are having poops we can be proud of and moving things along fiber is really important for blood sugar control fiber is super important for um your weight man man agement because it helps reduce hunger in fact when you eat fiber and protein together it slows down stomach empty keeps grance the breast so that's fantastic and it also can be good for cardiovascular health in fact high fiber diets are associated with a reduced risk of heart disease and when you have good fiber it can help lower LDL cholesterol and raise HDL cholesterol all right now what about skin do a little shout out to my buddy Dr kellyan Puchi who wrote the bone broth diet and kind of turned me on to all of the benefits of bone broth now I'm lazy so when I discovered I could actually create a bone broth protein that would be rich in collagen and tastes like chocolate or vanilla that works well for me I do keep collagen in my fridge and I use it to cook with especially if I'm making things like sauteed mushrooms or um cauliflower rice but I get my bone broth in every day by using my bone broth protein and it's rich in collagen which is super important for both for joint health but also skin strength and elasticity and what this collagen can do is help now you you bring in collagen whether you're doing it from bone broth or bone broth shakes your body breaks it apart and then is going to use those building blocks to replenish collagen levels which improves the firmness of your skin and helps reduce the visible signs of aging and one of the other cool things with bone broth is it has anti-inflammatory compounds that help sooth skin conditions things like acne or eczema and of course there's a big gut skin connection and we also o know bone broth helps heal and seal the gut so there's that benefit too I mean there's so many benefits to bone broth beyond that bone broth has antioxidants has vitamin C selenium and zinc which can help protect skin cells from oxidative damage caused by free radicals now if you want more tips for skin health over 40 and of course who doesn't I created my anti-aging cheat sheet I put it at JJ virgin.com SL anti-aging and in there I have skincare recommendations the best foods for skin what supplements can work even mindfulness practices to help you turn back the clock from the inside out now let's talk about polyphenol rich foods because part of what we need to talk about in terms of healthy aging is methylation methylation influences DNA regulation repair and neurotransmitter balance its processes are like little switches that can affect how our genes and cells function when turned on or off these switches can change how our bodies operate and even influence whether specific genes are active or not so for women over 40 ensuring these switches work correctly can help maintain good health and reduce the risk of age related health problems supporting healthy methylation ensures these switches are in the correct positions to keep our bodies running well now as women age these processes can become less efficient potentially leading to a range of age related health issues good news though polyphenols these are things found abundantly in things like beets and leafy greens like spinach and kale and collards play a crucial role in supporting the methylation processes in the body now healthy methylation supports better brain function it can support heart health by promoting healthy blood pressure reduces LDL cholesterol levels and improves blood vessel function methylation is also involved in detoxifying harmful substances from the body now when you get good methylation support which you can get by eating polyphenol rich foods you enhance the body's ability to eliminate toxins and maintain overall health these polyphenols are potent antioxidants that help combat oxidative stress and reduce the risk of DNA damage caused by free radicals this antioxid action is particularly beneficial as women age and helps to maintain the cellular integrity and reduce the risk of chronic disease plus bonus they're also anti-inflamm so I want you to think here in terms of polyphenols this is where you want to think about eating by the rainbow all of those deep green leafies all of those different bright colors all the different berries and the different bright yellows that you're getting from the squashes all of those things are going to give you a variety of different polyphenols that as you can see have a dramatic impact on your methylation and as you can tell from all of this diet is a major part of playing full out in your 40s and your 50s and your 60s and Beyond but it's also about what you're not doing too now I recently turned 60 and I've got a lot of life lessons to share watch this next video on what I left behind in the last decade for better longevity and the ability to play full out 7s 80s and 90s and [Music] Beyond

  Top Comments:
  1. @kathleenholcombestevens5391 [8 likes]: JJ, are you looking toooo thin?
  2. @ef5842 [4 likes]: I would like your plant yogurt recipe.
  3. @danaprahl9748 [3 likes]: JJ, does pea protein powders work to help with our protein requirements?
  4. @ef5842 [3 likes]: I used to eat lots of bananas, but recently learned that banana has a collegen-aise effect. So I wonder if I cook them in good water, I can kill the collegen enzymes and still enjoy the bananas. Can you research this also, a  do a video about it?
  5. @jjvirginvideos [2 likes]: 6 Things I STOPPED Doing Once I Turned 50 for Better Longevity: https://youtu.be/Jq95QeeS3tU
  6. @cgArtsy5 [2 likes]: What are your thoughts on lectins?
  7. @mirriaevans7923 [2 likes]: Thank you.  You have given me some valuable information regarding cortisol; and the best foods  to eat at my evening meals❤
  8. @kathleenholcombestevens5391 [2 likes]: I have high triglycerides so my doctor told me to STOP eating meat and just do vegetarian!
  9. @YaraViera-z8d [1 likes]: Hope to age gracefully fully of life look feel pretty. I have serious problems with my whole back my face a lot .
  10. @24wallachian: I turned 40 in July 2025 and I've been eating garlic my whole life like it's candy. I LOVE the taste of garlic and when I found out that garlic is the best plant to eat to prevent cancer, I leaned into it even more... Also, I noticed that when I eat garlic, mosquitos even in mosquito-infested areas mostly leave me alone. I know garlic has such a bad wrap...but if it can help me avoid cancer, I'm all in.
  11. @219shantel: Thank you!!❤
  12. @candidalarisamartinrodrigu3324: Thank you very much... I can't write at this moment... Today is Saturday, 1st March. 2025... Help me, please... I am in Mexico city... Kind regards...
  13. @Nazli-m5j: Hello mamm I’m also 40
  14. @anabeave4713: I want to eat bone broth, veggies & berries but they give me diarrhea.  Why?
  15. @MamaLolaLameti: Jj, just wondering if you are ever hungry for a bedtime snack. Let's say you were extra active that day. You have mentioned before that you like having a few hours to digest before going to bed. With this in mind, would you just not eat anything after dinner?
  16. @carlosapineda4: Excelente

- How To Increase Your Metabolism (Eat More, Lose More): Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to be answering the question of whether or not you can speed up your metabolism for example how many extra calories would you burn by drinking more water throughout the day muscle is metabolically active does that mean that building more muscle will increase your metabolic rate drinking green tea is supposed to boost metabolism does it actually and if so how many extra calories does it burn eating spicy food makes you sweat does that give a metabolic boost speaking of sweating does Sauna increase metabolism or is cold exposure better shivering definitely burns calories but exactly how many thousands of people follow reverse dieting does it work and does cardio slow metabolism down or speed it up I'm going to answer all these questions in this video but first to get everyone on the same page let's quickly cover what metabolism actually is in a fitness context where the goal is to either lose fat or build muscle what we really mean by metabolism is metabolic rate or total energy expenditure we want to know how many calories your body Burns per day so when we say that someone has a Fast Metabolism what we really mean is that their body Burns a lot of calories allowing them to eat more food and when you say someone has a slow metabolism we mean their body doesn't burn as many calories and they often have to diet on less food to see weight loss but how different are people's metabolisms anyway if we took two people of the same sex at the same height and the same body weight could their metabolisms actually be all that different yes they could be metabolic rates are extremely individual much more so than many people even realize just take a look at some of the findings from this massive 2022 study on daily energy expenditure and over 6 000 subjects from diverse backgrounds that was published in science one of the world's most reputable journals this figure Compares body weight here on the x-axis with total energy expenditure or what Fitness people would call metabolism each one of these blue and yellow dots represents a different person blue dots are male yellow dots are female if we pick a weight here in the middle at 80 kilos or 176 pounds you can see that the person with the so-called slowest metabolism only burned about 1 1400 calories per day while the person with the fastest metabolism burned a whopping 5 700 calories per day at the exact same body weight that means the person with the slowest metabolism would need to eat under 1400 calories to lose weight while the person with the fastest metabolism would lose weight eating 5 000 calories per day so then the burning question is is there a way for the person with the so-called slow metabolism to speed their metabolism up so they get to eat more calories this is an important question because if we get to eat more calories while dieting we'll not only get the satisfaction of having more food we may also feel less depleted perform better in the gym and retain more muscle so it's worth figuring out and I'm going to break each strategy into one of three groups it works it might work and it probably doesn't work for boosting metabolism let's start with water does drinking more water increase metabolism the answer is yes a little each glass of cold water you drink Burns about eight calories so every time you drink another glass of cold water you get an extra eight calorie boost cold water gives a bigger boost than room temperature water because your body has to burn calories to heat the cold water up to body temperature now put the full calculation up here on the screen if you're curious how it came to that eight calorie figure but I'm still going to put water in the might work category that's because even though water loading sounds like a decent strategy on paper I'm not convinced it would actually translate to substantially better fat loss over the long term it's possible that the extra calories you burn from drinking more water could be compensated for for example you could drink more water but then subconsciously move around a little less so that the net boost cancels out at least partially I'm also not a fan of Force drinking water if you overdo it with ultra high water intakes within a short time frame you can develop water intoxication or hyponatremia which can be dangerous so generally speaking 8 to 12 glasses or about two to three liters per day is plenty and most people can simply use their internal thur signals to guide their intake water can help you feel more full at meals though so if it does help you keep your daily caloric intake down drink away all right then what about green tea a simple Google search returns over 40 million results for green tea and Metabolism some boasting up to an 8 Spike but what does the science say well this 2021 systematic review found that of the four studies looking at acute metabolic effects three of the four found no effect while one study found a 79 calorie increase in Daily energy expenditure digging into that study deeper however there were only 10 subjects and it only lasted 24 hours so I wouldn't draw any strong conclusions from it also there are at least two studies on green tea and long-term fat loss and both found no benefit so while you may get a small metabolic Boost from green tea it doesn't seem to translate to more fat loss over the long term and for that reason I'm putting it in the probably doesn't work category then there's spicy food like this bowl of green curry chicken and rice in this case green curry gets its heat from ginger garlic lemongrass and Chili Peppers Chili Peppers seem to be the most promising from a metabolic standpoint since they contain a compound called capsaicin which has plenty of research showing a thermogenic effect for example this 2017 meta-analysis of nine studies found that on average capsaic an increased energy expenditure by 69 calories per day but only in the studies where the subject's BMI was over 25 so the overweight Zone in this bowl of green chili there's about 0.5 grams of chili pepper which will correspond to about two milligrams of capsaicin extrapolating out the meta-analytic data most generously that would give me at best a roughly 20 calorie metabolic boost obviously this pales in comparison to the 700 calories in the meal itself but it could be enough to make capsaicin a reasonable candidate for supplementation still I think the main reason that spicy food can be helpful for weight loss is not that it might give a 20 calorie metabolic boost but rather that it can increase satiety and fullness I find I eat more slowly and drink more water when I have a spicy meal and if that helps you eat less total calories for the day that could be helping Drive fat loss All Things Considered I'm putting spicy food in the might work category alright so what about sauna you sweat in the sauna does this mean you're burning extra calories well according to this 1995 study from Japan Sana did increase oxygen consumption and heart rate by 20 to 25 beats per minute so for 180 pound person this would translate to about 19 calories burned from sitting in the sauna for 10 minutes for compare Harrison you'd burn about 14 calories just sitting in a normal room for 10 minutes so you're looking at about a five calorie difference that's one stick of gum nothing worth talking about Sonic goes in the probably doesn't work category for boosting metabolism obviously cold plunges and Ice baths are having a moment on social media but do they boost your metabolism well it looks like oxygen consumption does increase when you sit in a cold bath and you do shiver which indicates a metabolic boost however the actual numbers are pretty underwhelming if you sit neck deep in an ice bath for 10 minutes you burn about 28 calories again for comparison you'd burn 14 calories just sitting at room temperature so you're looking at about a 14 calorie Boost from the cold bath cold baths are also going in the probably doesn't work category but what about building muscle you've likely heard that muscle burns more calories than fat and this is true three times the amount in fact at rest one pound of fat Burns about two calories per day while one pound of muscle Burns about six calories per day I did some quick math based on my current body composition and it looks like if I just sat down down all day the fat on my body would burn 24 calories and the muscle on my body would burn 480 calories that's a 456 calorie difference not bad at all let's consider you as an example let's just say you're a relatively new lifter and over the course of the next five years you put on 30 pounds of muscle if you burn 2 500 calories per day before you'd burn 2 680 calories per day now after adding the new muscle so a 180 calorie difference that's about four extra kiwis you could eat per day so far this is the biggest metabolic booster we've seen and so I'm going to put building muscle in the it works category okay so what about reverse dieting this has become very popular over the last few years reverse dieting is exactly what it sounds like the reverse of dieting instead of decreasing calories you gradually increase calories with the goal of rebuilding your metabolism now I'm planning on doing a full video on reverse dieting in the fall so for now I'll just say that I'm a bit skeptical of it for sure I have seen plenty of cases where people have increased their caloric intake by several hundred calories while maintaining their body weight but my main gripe with reverse dieting is that I just don't think it's necessary to go slowly after a diet I think it makes much more sense to go straight to your new maintenance right away then once you're at your new maintenance you can more gradually increase your caloric intake from there of course at a certain point you'll reach the upper limit of your Dynamic maintenance range and at that point you'll start gaining weight now if you're eager to learn more about reverse dieting I'll link an article by Eric Trexler down below that more or less lines up with my stance on the topic as of now I'm going to put reverse dieting in the might work category and you can subscribe and stay tuned for my full video on it okay so what about meal frequency does eating more meals throughout the day keep the metabolic furnace burning it doesn't seem to no this 2012 study had subjects spend three days in an isolated respiration chamber while eating either three meals per day or 14 meals per day with the same total calories and found no difference in energy expenditure there's also this 2015 meta-analysis pooling 15 studies which also found no significant difference in fat Mass from eating one to two three to four or five plus meals per day even though from this graph it does look like the higher meal frequency was better that result is being dragged up by a single study this one from Ewell and colleagues and the authors note that once you remove that study from the analysis the difference goes away now you can interpret that as you wish but I'm personally not convinced that a higher meal frequency gives a meaningful boost in metabolism and I'm putting you know frequency in the probably doesn't work category okay so what about cardio cardio obviously burns calories however research shows that cardio also causes something called Energy compensation this means that when you burn more calories through cardio your body subconsciously Burns less calories through meat or non-exercise activity thermogenesis this is the component of metabolism that includes activities other than exercise so stuff like fidgeting and bobbing your head to music for example let's say on a normal day you fidget and Shuffle away 500 calories through meat but today you decide to go for a 30 minute Jog and the jog also Burns 500 calories what happens next is that your body will sense the Jog and subconsciously move around a little less now you only burn 350 calories through meat of course you still get a net caloric burn from including the jog but it is offset to some degree now there are large individual differences in energy compensation but on average for every 100 calories you burn by doing cardio you'll only actually increase your daily energy expenditure by 72 calories and this is why I prefer to use diet as the main tool for establishing a caloric deficit and use cardio as a secondary tool as with cardio you do tend to get less caloric bang for your buck still even with energy compensation in mind cardio does burn calories and as such it belongs in the it works category the next thing I want to touch on is weighted vests there's some cool science behind this the general idea is if I weigh 160 pounds right now and I start wearing a 20 pound weighted vest my body starts to think that I weigh 180 pounds and burns calories like 180 pound person would recent evidence has suggested distance of a system of sensors in the body called the gravitastat which senses changes in loading on the bones if these sensors get the idea that you're now a heavier person it'll increase your caloric expenditure and decrease hunger levels my friend and natural Pro bodybuilder Eric Salazar did a case study with exercise scientist James Krieger where he wore a 34 pound weighted vest for 90 percent of his waking hours during a competition prep he got down to an incredibly shredded five percent body fat by sort of tricking his body into thinking he was 34 pounds heavier than he really was and in comparison to past diets he says he didn't have to suffer as many of the bad side effects of getting shredded so I'm tempted to put weighted vests in the it works category because I think it probably does however I'm going to leave it under the might work category for now until we get more published research lastly there are two other less sexy but still very effective metabolic strategies that I'd like to mention first avoid dieting on very low calories the more aggressively you cut the more your metabolic rate decreases so generally speaking you should aim to lose about 0.5 to 1 one percent of your body weight per week and the more you go above this Zone the more likely it is that your metabolism will start tanking slow dieting definitely works second you should try to smuggle in extra non-exercise activity where you can this is where the weighted vest might be helpful but there are other things you can do like Park further from the grocery store take the stairs over the elevator and regularly stand up and stretch at your desk I call these little activities throughout the day meat smuggling and I'd also put it in the it works category it's also worth keeping in mind that even if you implement some of these strategies and you still have a relatively slower metabolism you can of course still lose weight in fact research shows that metabolic rate isn't nearly as predictive of successful long-term weight loss as many people think people with faster metabolisms can fail to lose weight in people with slower metabolisms can succeed to lose weight and that things more reliably associated with successful long-term weight loss are being Physically Active regularly weighing yourself weight training and making Lifestyle Changes another thing that's been helping thousands of people lose fat while keeping track of their metabolism is the macro Factor app if you aren't aware I'm a part owner of macro factor and I've been using it to guide my own fat loss Journey where I've lost almost 30 pounds relying entirely on the app's algorithms macrofactor is so effective because it'll update your diet based on your unique metabolism whether that's faster or slower all you have to do is lock your weight and your nutrition and the app will give you the ideal nutrition targets for your goal and there's a growing community of people online sharing their own success stories from using the app other methods like online calculators or smart watches can be off by hundreds of calories per day and macro factor is much more reliable because it responds to your individual weight changes exactly like a coach would and then makes the appropriate adjustments based on your metabolism specifically macrofactor also has the easiest and fastest food logger on the market we've done comparison experiments to test this it has a super fast Barcode Scanner and AI features that allow you to describe meals that are more difficult to log for example if you eat out at a restaurant that doesn't have the nutritional info you can use the AI describe tool to log what you ate we also massively expanded our European food database recently which I know a lot of you guys have been waiting for so if you'd like to try out macro factor for yourself you can get a free two-week trial at the first link in the description box below or you can scan the QR code over here next to my head alright that's it for this one guys don't forget to leave me a thumbs up if you enjoyed the video subscribe if you haven't already and I'll see you guys all here in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffNippard [1800 likes]: This is a video I've wanted to make for a while. It seems to me that there is one group of people who think metabolic rates are completely set in stone, while another large group of people continue to believe in thoroughly debunked "metabolic boosters". There is misinformation on both sides of the debate, so I hope that this video brings some clarity to the discussion.

The research and editing on this one took me WAY longer than expected, so that's the main reason for the slightly longer delay between uploads. My next goal content-wise is to finish the (still ongoing) ultimate push/pull/legs series before the end of the month (latest: early July). I've got some really thorough training content on the way soon! Appreciate you all! Peace!
  2. @jaydavidrn82: i conciously compensate for my body's neat compensation
  3. @thor294: Did reverse diet video ever happen?
  4. @ArmandVandal: I just up the Tren, personally.
  5. @krocketonboost5236: Drinking during a meal dilutes your stomach acid and lowers your metabolism.
  6. @sonchaeyoungs4687: I wish you were my dad.
  7. @TheBlindphleb: So nothing we can really do to go from a slow metabolism burning 1800 calories a day to a fast one burning 3-4k a day.
  8. @Lukeormaybenath: I love how as I check these videos, the feedback I get is mostly "keep doing what I'm already doing", and that feels really good. I feel myself aligned to my goals, and that's kinda nice.
  9. @OniDrip: Can high intensity gym workouts also increase your daily burn from 1908 to 3300
  10. @albytomy3263: How about chewing gums?
  11. @MultilingualGamers: Mr jeff nippard can you please give me encouragement, I have been doing progressive overload PPL for exactly 3 months 12 days now, have only skipped 2 weeks due to gym being closed.


I started at 148 kilograms fat.

I am now at 133kg with full creatine saturation, plus my working weught on bench (5-8 reps), is 100kg!

I got rejected by a girl i like too :(
  12. @juanchovilla69: I hope youre doing well buddy. With the recent news it cant be easy. Stay strong
  13. @Mr.Sr.Jr.: Wish i was 5'4". Dude looks ripped and hes prob only 160 lol
  14. @Alice0030: Cold water or cold drinks are not good for you, especially if you are a woman, no matter how much would boost your metabolism don't do it. Room temperature is best.
  15. @Milkweed5779: Meat smuggling
  16. @loganpiller4420: Jeff, have you done a video based on extra calories burned by VO2 max improvements by breathing through your nose vs mouth breathing?
  17. @trillion291: Is it possible to slow it down tho ?
  18. @braneonrisueno7300: When it comes to reverse dieting, if you are trying to avoid as much fat gain as possible don’t you think it’s good, for example if I was eating 2000 cals a day jumping to 2600-2700 (maintenance) Is such a big jump fat will be adding on
  19. @antea9055: Good video! Thanks! Really really disappointing though there is not much I can do!!
  20. @whowho8470: Intermittent fasting?

- How to Eat to Lose Fat (For Women Over 40) Without Counting or Fasting: Kind: captions Language: en We're going to pop these into the oven for 40 minutes at 350. If weight loss is your ultimate goal, but you are not seeing the changes that you want, chances are it's not your workouts we need to adjust, it's going to be your food. In this video, I'm going to walk you through the three major changes that I made to lose 70 lbs in 6 months without tracking and now have women all over the world over 40 do the exact same thing. Let's get into it. So, the first thing that I did was when I was going to make a meal, whether it was meal prep or a fresh meal, I decided what protein source I was going to have in that meal. I mean, high protein source. So, not just like peanut butter or something like that. I made sure to build my meals around a high protein source. And I'll show what I mean about high protein in a second. Now, protein is the one macronutrient that your body will pretty much always find a use for. whether it is your nails, your skin, your hair, antibodies, it costs your body something to actually digest protein. So, it causes your body to burn calories when you actually eat protein. That's why it's a great thing to always make sure that you are creating in your meals. And when you're losing weight, you're not just losing fat, you're losing muscle, too. So, when you're eating protein, it's going to do a better job at preserving some of your muscle mass, which is what you want to keep your weight off long term. Okay, so this is the test that I use to determine whether I should categorize an item as a high protein source. All right, let's start with peanut butter, which I'm sure you've heard was a good source of protein. So, I'm going to first I'm going to cover up the last digit of the calories. Okay, so I've got the number 18. Now, I'm going to compare 18 to the number of protein, which the number of protein on here is nine. So again, I'm comparing 18 to 9. If the protein is higher than the calories, then it is a high protein item. If it's not, I don't consider a high protein item. So 18 is not higher than nine. So I do not consider um peanut butter a high protein item. It has protein in it and it may contribute to my overall protein in the meal, but I don't build my meal around this. This is a two good Greek yogurt. Same thing. Turn it over to the back. I'm going to cover up the last digit of the calories and I've got eight. Okay, so that would be eight. Comparing that eight to the number of protein, which is 12. 12 is bigger than eight. So, yes, I would consider this something I can actually build my meal around. It is a high protein source for me. I've got these um Italian chicken sausages from Trader Joe's. Same thing. I'm going to cover up that last digit, which is the zero. Now I've got 11, and I'm comparing that to 17. 17 is bigger than 11. So, this is a high protein source for me. And I can build my meal around this. As a good kind of guideline, if weight loss is your goal, you want to aim for about 25 to 40 g of protein in each of the meals. Okay, so now we are going to make my high protein breakfast bake. This is one of my go-to meal prepped breakfastes that I still eat today. Loaded with protein, it tastes so good even when you are reheating it. We're going to start by air frying these chicken breakfast sausage from Trader Joe's at 400° for 5 minutes on each [Music] side. Adding in our mushrooms. Now, you want to make sure that you thoroughly spray down your meal prep containers with your avocado cooking spray because if you don't, these are going to stick so bad and it just really ruins the whole experience. So, make sure to spray these bad boys back down. And I will say this is zero calories per spray. So, spray away, baby. Spray away. We're just going to pour that right in there. So, we're doing three eggs and two tablespoon of cottage cheese. The cottage cheese is going to add an additional 3.5 g of protein to each. And of course, we're using three eggs. Our eggs are each 6 g of protein. So, the eggs and the cottage cheese alone have got 21.5 g of protein, which is getting us close to that 25 to 40 g of protein for each meal. Now, we're going to add in a half a cup of our veggies. I'm going to add in some green onion. So now we're going to add two to two and 1/2 chicken sausage to each of these. Now we're just going to make sure that this is all nice and combined in there. So those chicken sausages bumped up our protein a little bit. Two links have an additional 11 g of protein. And now we're just going to add on some mozzarella cheese, some light mozzarella cheese onto the top of each of these bad boys. You're going to end up using about a slice and a half, but this is going to bump up your protein by an additional 7 to 10 g in each. We're going to pop these into the oven for 40 minutes at 350. Now, we are going to add a little bit of plain Greek yogurt onto this. If you did not know, it tastes just like sour cream, but it's also going to add a little bit more protein into that breakfast. And of course, you've got to have some Frank's Red Hots. This is the breakfast of champions. You're going to be full for hours and so satisfied. Look at that. M. Now, the second thing that I did was I started measuring my fats. What do I mean by that? Well, there are some things that are very, very healthy, like nuts. They're a healthy snack. But if you were to eat one cup of nuts, it's like 700 calories. In fact, I got a funny story about that. My mom used to go to bed every single night with a bag of dry roasted unsalted almonds, and she would snack on them as she was going to sleep. And so over time, she started to gain weight and didn't understand why she was gaining weight. And I told her, "It's those almonds." She's like, "No, almonds are healthy. It's some almonds." No, it can't be those almonds. I'm only having a couple, baby. She was eating hundreds of calories of almonds before she went to bed. Even though it's healthy, it is something that can definitely cause weight gain. So, when it came to my fats, I always started to look at what is the serving size on the label and make sure that I am not overdoing it with the fats. Now, this is one cup of mixed nuts. We're looking at 680 calories for this one cup. Now, this looks like a lot of nuts, but let's actually see what else could we get for 680 calories. So, we could get five cans of tuna. We could get a pack and a half of these delicious chicken meatballs from Trader Joe's. But here's the kicker. We could get eight and a half Greek yogurts for the same amount of calories in this one cup of mixed nuts. So, yes, this is a healthy snack. This is a healthy fat, but you want to be cognizant about how much you're having because there are other options that are going to give you a lot more bang for your caloric buck. And although I don't track or count calories, knowing that fats have double the amount of calories as a gram of carb or protein puts things in perspective. Like legit, if you were to have one gram of protein or one gram of carbohydrates, you are getting four calories. But if you were to have one gram of fat, you are getting nine. So how much more food could I eat for that same amount of calories? That's one of the things that's going to change the game when it comes to you actually losing weight. Now, the third thing that I did was reframe how and when I use carbs. I don't consider myself a low carb person. I eat carbs because I understand that carbohydrates are my body's preferred energy source. When you eat carbs, your body breaks them down into glucose or blood sugar. So, I know that if I'm going to be doing a big hefty workout, I got a busy day, I'm going to need more carbs and more blood sugar to give me the energy that I need. Conversely, on days that I'm going to be hanging out at the house, you know, maybe I'm going to church, I'm going to be watching TV, I don't need as many carbohydrates. So, really keeping that in mind when it comes to how and when I'm going to eat carbs was a game changer for me. So, I'm going to show you how I approach meal prepping in light of knowing there are some days I'm going to need more energy and more carbohydrates and some days I am not going to need as many. Half a tablespoon of olive oil. Our stir fry veggies. These are raw, washed, and ready to go, which makes it awesome. So, this is broccoli, napa cabbage, pea pods. Adding in one onion, and one bag of those little baby carrots. We are using two packages of these pineapple teriyaki chicken meatballs from Trader Joe's. So, just getting a little color on these and then we're going to plate everything up. So, we're going to put cauliflower rice in two of the meals and regular brown rice in the other two. Adding in our veggies. And now we've got our meatballs. And then we're just going to add in our sauce, which we will pour over before we eat. So, I would have this one with the brown rice on one of my high carb days and I would have one of these one with the cauliflower rice and I don't need as many carbs. So, you don't need to avoid carbs, but kind of think of carbs as gas in the gas tank. Days when you're going to be going on a road trip, we want to fully fuel that gas tank. On days when you are going to be, you know, maybe just doing around the corner, you're going to the grocery store, you don't need as much. Now remember, when you eat carbs, your body breaks them down into glucose or blood sugar. And ideally, you want to keep your blood sugar as stable as possible. So, by eating foods that are higher in fiber, the chances of the blood sugar staying stable, baby, you're in good shape because that fiber is like a buffer that's going to prohibit the sugar blood sugar from spiking up really, really high. I also am looking at the amount of sugar that I'm having. So, I'm going to do my best at things that are high in fiber, low in sugar, and as close to nature as possible. Now, the last thing I want to just remind you is you don't got to be perfect in order to lose weight. In fact, if you are focused on just like eating salads for every single meal and chicken and broccoli and eggs, yes, you're going to lose weight, but the chances of you regaining the weight are very high. I lost 70 lbs in 6 months, but I've kept it off for 17 years because I made sure that what I was actually eating was food that I enjoy. Number one, I start with protein. I'm intentional with my fat. And then I am really kind of always gauging how much carbs I'm going to based off my activity level. Those three things alone have allowed me not just to lose the weight, but to keep it off through holidays, birthdays, vacations, and never really feel miserable. So, for long-term weight loss, my best advice is to find ways to make meals that you already love and really enjoy healthier so that you are never really feeling deprived or waiting for the next time that you can have a cheat meal, but instead you are looking forward to your lunch because it's something that you actually enjoy. If you want more support doing this, click the link in the description box and get more information on my six week challenge. We're personally working together for six weeks and I'm going to teach you the sustainable lifestyle changes that help me to again not just lose the weight but keep it off and feel like I'm living my best life and I don't track anything. It is so freeing. And don't forget to like, share, and subscribe to this channel for kick butt workouts and more videos on how to lose weight without obsessing over every bite. All right, we're going to let these cool.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasmineMays [62 likes]: 🔥 Ready to glow all the way up? 🔥
Join me for the FREE Oh, She’s Fire Challenge — 5 days of workouts, coaching, and confidence to help you look and feel your BEST this summer! 💅🏽💖

🗓️ June 2–7, 2025
🎥 Daily live coaching
💪🏾 Daily workouts
💃🏽 Feminine self-care + glow-up vibes
👯‍♀️ Support + accountability

✨ This is your sign to start showing up like the woman you want to be.

👉 Sign up here (it's FREE!): https://www.jasminemays.fit/osf

Let’s go, Fire Queen 🔥
  2. @sherryamanfor [10 likes]: Once I lost 55 pounds I noticed my energy came back! On high protein diet and exercise three times a week. Now I'm at 154 have about 20 pounds to lose
  3. @peonygirly [3 likes]: As a 46 year old woman, this video is super helpful! I'm a foodie and I hate "diet" food. These meals actually look good. Thanks!
  4. @m.j.7028 [1 likes]: Yesssss! I make egg cups on meal prep day and they have helped a lot to stay of track. Having something ready to go is much better than being in panic mode and spending money on most likely junk.
  5. @miab2965 [1 likes]: Can we get more of these meal prep videos pleaseeeeee
  6. @candiceeckelberry7524 [1 likes]: I gave up. Lose weight gain it back. Now my job is at a desk. Thank you for the tips. It’s time to try again. For health sake,
  7. @marshak6459: just say you eat keto and dont eat carbs stop saying eating your favourite foods please you gave up a whole food source and while thats sustainable for you its not something i cant stick to in the long run
  8. @Honeedew1LUV: Thank you for keeping this simple!!❤ I will follow these instructions. I am 10lbs down using plant based eating & exercising..l hv 5 more lbs to go for my goal weight  ugh!! and l will keep it off!!
  9. @Matty-Navarro: These are great tips! I need to lose those extra pounds I gained in my 40s.
  10. @Emily-hn5ee: I would caution everyone to be weary of the zero calorie spray as it’s a labeling trick where they can say it’s zero if it’s below a certain amount but it is not zero.
  11. @pattyjohnson4244: Jasmine I have a question did I really need an answer to I work at night how do I get that much protein in in 12 hours I really need an answer to that no one has been able to help me really I don't do breakfast cuz I'm going to sleep when I get up at 5:00 p.m. to be to work at 7 p.m. I'm not hungry with intermittent fasting 6A to 10 p.m. that's a lot of eating at night to hit my protein goals HELP
  12. @1Diostabon: Thank you for this information. Can you please share info on your meal prep containers (rectangle and round)?
  13. @ERICSR-ni7rg: Hi y'all, I know this platform is built for ladies. But Jasmine, somehow you popped up on my Facebook feed and your meal plans are so simple. I'm 350 lbs. & my BMI is over 40%. That said, I think I'm going to follow. I don't have Instagram but is that where most of your recipe cards live? Thank you in advance.
  14. @rnguyen2516: Wow, Jasmine, this video is chock full
of such great information!  How come I have never thought to air fry sausage?  How do you reheat the egg bake?  The cottage cheese makes the egg mixture so fluffy!  That’s Starbucks’ secret!
  15. @vernalachance6809: Love all your info and explained so well 🙏
  16. @JesusAlways1st: First timer here and enjoying the videos!!  To start out, I might need to track just to be sure I am not eating too little of something.! It’s so easy for me to over and under indulge, skip meals!  But I can incorporate your other ways of doing things!
  17. @kimberlykelly6110: Wowww,  this is great information.
  18. @lauranewsom5361: Just saw your video on YouTube. Love it.  Interested in your recipes, so could you please post meal cards  on YouTube.  This is the only social media site I use.  Thanks, would greatly appreciated
  19. @margoafteritall: im in my 20’s but subscribed because the way this beautiful lady explains just makes so much sense! thank you this was so much more helpful and informative than other videos i watched about eating for weight loss
  20. @abcjerilee: 👍👍👍👍👍

- Menopause Nutrition • Hormone Balancing Foods for Weight Loss & Wellbeing: Kind: captions Language: en if you're going through perimenopause or menopause and looking for a way to feel better naturally with the right hormone balancing Foods then this video is for you I'm going to show you how easy it is to balance your hormones through eating the right types of foods at the right time of the day and share the one big thing you must know about losing weight during menopause so make sure you watch this video right to the end because I don't want you to miss out on any of the valuable information I'm about to share right now you might be feeling stressed stuck frustrated overwhelmed by all the hormonal changes you're going through and maybe you're just feeling like there's so much information out there but today I'm going to simplify everything and show you how to get unstuck so you can start feeling like yourself again but first you need to understand and accept that everything is different now and there's no going back on this menopause Journey the simple truth is your body is changing your metabolism slowing down so you're gaining weight more easily you're more sensitive to blood sugar fluctuation and that's why you're experiencing Cravings especially in the afternoon it's harder to produce energy from the food that you're eating so you feel more easily fatigued and maybe you're suffering from digestive issues bloating and gas and food sensitivities and of course the inflammation is getting worse so that's why you've got symptoms like joint pain and headaches and here's the thing you're probably starting to also lose muscle strength and tone so you're feeling flabbier and the cellulite's getting worse and this is why the old way of eating just doesn't work anymore Habits Like skipping meals especially breakfast under eating during the day and then overeating at night limiting certain food types like cutting out carbs or fats and drinking too much caffeine and of course alcohol and snacking on foods high in sugar processed carbs and unhealthy fats and just eating a limited range of healthy foods you'd be surprised how many women just eat a handful of healthy foods each day and as a result they're undernourished you're overfed and overweight and lacking the vital nutrients their body and hormones need your body is also more sensitive to stress now right so if your diabeticality skip meals or limit certain food types you'll end up gaining not losing weight so here's why this is so important the nutrients in the food you eat are the raw materials your body uses to produce energy and there are certain foods that can affect the production of hormones right and support your body's natural balancing functions through your digestive system so this is why improving your eating habits is such an easy and simple way of treating your menopause symptoms and you'll also be able to balance your hormones and boost your metabolism right quickly to help you lose weight more easily now here's the one big thing that you need to know the secret to feeling better and losing weight is eating the right Foods at the right time of the day in the right portion sizes so let me show you the top 10 food types for balancing your hormones during perimenopause and menopause here they are here are the top 10 foods you need to be eating high fiber foods phytoestrogens and adaptogens digestion enhancing Foods slow release carbohydrates foods high and easily digestible protein anti-inflammatory foods high quality natural fats dark leafy green veggies seeds and nuts and all these foods will provide the amino acids the plant nutrients the vitamins and minerals that your body and hormones need to for healthy hormone production as well as reducing inflammation and boosting your metabolism now you'll notice there's a lot of plant-based Foods here right and that's because they're rich in phytonutrients which are vital for balancing our hormones naturally so let's take a quick look at these individual food types and why they're so good during menopause so first the high fiber foods fiber is really important for us during menopause because it helps to normalize the hormonal fluctuations and eliminate toxins and there's two types of fiber soluble fiber which comes from the outer part of the plant so this forms a thick gel that slows the digestion of food to keep your blood sugar levels stay stable and reduce Cravings the soluble fibers fermented by the bacteria in the large intestine to improve the microbiome of our gut which is essential for for our hormones insoluble fiber comes from the outer skin of the plant right so it helps to remove toxins and regulate your bowel movement so these are a few of my favorite high fiber foods leafy green veggies beads and legumes flax seed and linseed almonds avocado figs kiwi and pear and lastly high fiber grains like oats but wheat and quinoa next adaptogenic and phytoestrogenic Foods now adaptogens help our body cope better with the stress of menopause they're especially good for improving energy and sleep and reducing inflammation now there are certain types of plant-based phytoestrogenic foods that are classified as secondary adaptogens because they help support our immune system and our nervous system right through the endocrine system so my favorites are Korean ginseng holy basil or Tulsi red Maca and seeds like pumpkin sunflower flax hemp and sesame next we have digestion enhancing Foods now I know many of you suffer from digestive issues and that's because the hormonal changes of menopause affect our gut microbiome the good bacteria That's essential for our health and hormones so your body's struggling to break down and absorb nutrients so these digestion enhancing foods will help your body produce good bacteria so you can digest the food more easily and here's why this is so important because it'll help you absorb the nutrients better without absolutely putting on weight from the calories right and these are some of my favorites kefir yogurt kiwi fruit fennel broccoli asparagus berries and seeds next we have slow release carbohydrates now slow release hypo hydrates are high in fiber slow digesting starch and resistant starch so this means that help to keep you satisfied and full for longer they'll keep your blood sugar levels stable to prevent Cravings now here's what you need tonight the time of the day that you eat your starchy carbs is really important in maintaining a healthy weight and managing symptoms so make sure you eat more of these during the day and less at night now here's another important point so listen carefully not many women know this that cooking and cooling the starchy carbs increases the levels of resistance start which makes them healthier so that's why many of the recipes on my program are designed for batch cooking ahead of time to make this really easy so here's a few of my favorite slow release carbs still cut oats beads and legumes especially chickpeas dry roasted sweet potato buckwheat and parboiled brown or wild rice next we have easily digestible protein so here's the thing as our body changes during perimenopausal menopause we don't break down and absorb protein as easily as we used to so our hormones and energy and muscle tone suffers so we need to increase our protein intake so plant-based protein helps to reduce the health risks of too much meat protein however plants usually lack one or two of the essential amino acids right so if you're vegan or vegetarian you need to consume a wiring of veggies veggie beans legumes fruits and Grains right so you've got all the amino acids you need so here's a few of my favorite high protein food lean venison beef chicken without the skin fish eggs nuts seeds beans and legumes peace Brown and wild rice and oats lots and lots of options next we have anti-inflammatory foods so estrogen is an anti-inflammatory hormone so during menopause inflammation starts to increase as estrogen decreases and that leads to weight gain around the waist which makes the inflammation worse so for many of you just cutting back on store-bought foods that have added chemicals and sugar will go a long way to reducing inflammation once you've done this then you need to increase the anti-inflammatory foods and here's my favorite salmon seeds berries leafy green veggies extra virgin olive oil avocado and sweet potato next high quality good fats now these are really important for our hormones and our brain health right during menopause so healthy fats will also help you feel more satisfied after eating and reduce Cravings making it easier to lose weight so here are my favorites Seafood especially salmon seeds and nuts beans olives and oils like extra virgin olive oil flaxseed and hemp seed oil next dark leaf figurine cruciferous veggies these help the liver to break down and eliminate toxins and excess estrogen metabolites to help maintain a healthy hormonal balance and they're also high in fiber which helps with that that Health metabolism and weight loss so my favorites are broccoli spinach brussels sprouts and bok choy it's second to last seeds I love seeds because they're the heart of the plant they're concentrated in the nutrients the plant needs to help it grow which means they're rich in vitamins minerals amino acids and fatty acids and phytonutrients which are vital for our hormonal Health the phytoestrogens in seeds especially help to support a healthy balance between estrogen and progesterone so my favorites are flaxseed or linseed hemp seed or hemp hearts sunflower seeds pumpkin seed chia seed and sesame seed and lastly nuts they had the same benefits as the seeds plus they're great for satisfying and suppressing our appetite which makes them perfect as a snack between meals so my favorites are almonds and cashews and walnuts and you just want a handful okay so that's my top 10 hormone balancing food types we need to be eating now if you watch this video to the end then you've probably had some significant hormonal challenges and you want to feel better and the truth is that the the old way of doing things just won't cut it anymore right you need to be vigilant with the foods you're eating and taking care of your body right so if you take one thing from this video This Is It feeling better naturally during menopause and losing weight easily simply means doing three things eating the right food types at the right time of the day in the right portion sizes now maybe you're feeling like goodness me this all feels too hard but it doesn't have to be right even if you don't feel supported by those around you like your family or friends you can get the help you need to start feeling better and losing weight just like the thousands of other ladies I've helped on my program with the right guidance and support you'll see results without guessing right what's right for your body and wasting precious time and energy my team of coaches and I are waiting to take you by the hand and guide IG step by step to feeling better quickly and easily so if you're ready to get in the driver's seat of your hormonal health and just click the button under this video to learn more about my program I would love to help you

  Top Comments:
  1. @BelindaBenn [6 likes]: JOIN our YouTube Members Area for nutrition plans, recipes and support:
➡ Use this link for a 30% discount: https://bit.ly/join-belinda-benn
➡ Watch the "What’s Included" video: https://youtu.be/KYoG3L8kXKs

📥Get email updates on new video content and livestreams:
https://primeofyourlife.eo.page/pr9y4 

🚩Watch Next: Menopause Breakfast Foods for Weight Loss & Wellbeing
https://bit.ly/MenopauseEatingPlan

💬 Questions or Feedback?
Please post a comment below. I’m here to support you 😊💞

🔔 Click the notification bell so you never miss a video
  2. @GlobalMenopauseCollective [3 likes]: Such a valuable guide! Food truly is medicine, especially during menopause. We are creating a safe space where women can learn to nourish their bodies naturally, balance their hormones, and feel empowered through mindful nutrition.
  3. @clairehughes9514 [2 likes]: Thanks@BelindaBenn. It’s great to see you back. For those wondering if this could help you - try it. I joined Belinda Benn 10 years ago when I was first diagnosed in menopause. I’m still in menopause but Belinda’s and her team’s advice and coaching  sessions really helped me to reduce symptoms and manage my menopause better. I still use her recipes and advice on a daily basis and know that changing my eating habits to incorporate these covered by her in this video have and continue to help me.  Give it a go, it will probably change your life! 😊
  4. @BeyondMenopause [1 likes]: This is wonderful, I love it and it helped
  5. @Mr.NutritionFits [1 likes]: What a great location to present a video highly appreciable ❤
  6. @shakirabells6955 [1 likes]: Im on this stage its terrible why woman having this hoping i can get out of this soon just tired
  7. @cristinadanila5781 [1 likes]: What is Extra Vidsin Olivboil?
For me is totally weird and why to listen to you?
  8. @anythingispossiblewithgod1879 [1 likes]: Have you heard about wild yam cream? What do you think of it? Has anyone used it.?
  9. @aisheygull9077 [1 likes]: Oats doesnt suit me 😢
  10. @GoldenHollywoodEchoes [1 likes]: A comprehensive guide just for women!
  11. @destruth7669 [1 likes]: Thank you. You have a very sweet and gentle demeanor and I found your approach and voice very soothing. You are correct about the old methods are not working anymore and I am definitely struggling at 42 years to eat healthy due to work. The added stress hormones of work also cause me to hold onto excess weight even though I exercise.
  12. @ordi5497 [1 likes]: Thank you !
  13. @jenunmaskedca [1 likes]: There’s no health risk to too much red meat.  The ‘Studies’ were debunked.
Our bodies NEED red meat!
  14. @AnKaWinGini [1 likes]: These foods have been my staples for years but haven't made much difference to how I'M feeling hormonally.
  15. @barbararussell-d1j [1 likes]: I’m in post menopause am 55 don’t have cravings for junk food I never had weight on me I eat generally good but I notice I’m loosing muscle mass  in my body one side of my cheek I guess I don’t have any more estrogen and progesterone I want to gain a few pounds so I will start weight training so I was told to do
  16. @MenopauseHealthMatters [1 likes]: I keep replaying 2:44. That’s how clear things should be.
  17. @Dana-ee9pb: This is very interesting because I've discovered simply by trial and error that these indeed are the foods that make me feel the best.
  18. @lavenderbudtree: Has anyone tried keto ? Better or worse?
  19. @ThoraMtlomelo-b8l: Thanks for this video
  20. @beyogawellwithgina4861: What are your thoughts on Soy? Ingesting soy has helped me so much!

- If I Needed to Drop 30lbs FAST in 2026, Here’s EXACTLY What I’d Do: Kind: captions Language: en If I needed to lose 30 pounds fast and keep it off, I already know what works. I've seen it work for my patients, thousands of them. I've seen it work for hundreds of thousands of people in our challenges. And I'd use the exact process for myself. These seven habits are how I'd get my body back into fat burning mode starting today. And they're probably not what you've been told to do. So, let's start with habit one. This one's first because it can literally make or break your fat burning momentum for the whole day. What you eat in the morning either helps you burn fat all day or triggers cravings, blood sugar crashes, and fat storage. And the difference comes down to one word, protein. In fact, one study showed that just by increasing protein from 15% to 30% of their diet, people naturally ate 441 fewer calories per day. They lost nearly 11 pounds of body fat in 12 weeks. And they weren't even trying to cut calories. they were just less hungry. Why? Because the way protein works, it keeps blood sugar steady. It lowers your insulin, your fat storage hormone, and it keeps you full, so you're satisfied, and you're not snacking all day long. It also is the key to stopping late night eating before it even starts. So, it sets your metabolism up to burn fat instead of storing it. In fact, the studies also show that a proteinrich breakfast can lower your ghrein, which is your hunger hormone, by up to 25%. Who needs an injection when we've got that? It means fewer cravings, less snacking later in the day. You set yourself up early in the day. You frontload protein, you balance your hormones, and you stay in control. Your body feels fed and nourished, and it stops begging for junk. So, what's the goal? How much protein should you aim for? Men, 30 to 40ish grams in the morning. Women, 20 to 30 grams. Here's some easy breakfast ideas. And you might not even have to eat to actually get this in for you intermittent fasting peeps that skip a breakfast and maybe just do I do it quite a bit. Some dirty fasting, okay? Not just water in the morning. having protein coffee where you're adding collagen to coffee. You could throw in a little healthy fat, some butter, and maybe a little coconut oil, and you blend that. It is a delicious latte. I'll put the recipe in the link where you can see exactly how to make this. It's a protein bomb in your coffee. Protein coffee. You can still skip a meal, stay real tight. If you like to fast and not have a meal in the morning and make it quick, this is an easy one to add in. Now, what I've been doing a little bit more recently is I've just been mixing collagen protein in with cocoa powder and have chocolate milk basically in the morning. I just do it with water. It tastes good enough. You could do it with a milk if you wanted to. Another way to easily get some protein in in a liquid form. You could also make a protein shake. As I said before, just mixing chocolate collagen with cacao. Lots of extra antioxidants. That's easy in water. You could blend that up. I'll put a link for that video below on the amazing benefits of cacao and why I think you should get it into your diet as a superfood. But you can make a protein shake out of that. Add some nut butter to it. Add some blueberries to it. Add some seeds like chia seeds to help your digestive tract. Consuming more fiber. It's going to flush foods through you, but it's going to be nutrientdense. So, protein shake might be the way to go. Now, I also will regularly do eggs. Two to four eggs will do. nice dose of protein, good choline to help support your liver. You could even add a side of avocado for some healthy fats and some extra fat metabolism boosting. You could go with some breakfast meat, some turkey sausage, some bacon, some turkey bacon. You can even add some sauteed greens on the side for some extra fiber. The more fiber you're getting, the more full you're getting and it's going to move that food through your digestive tract. Just make sure that your first meal includes protein, not just fruit, not just muffins and cereals and toasts and carbohydrates. Protein early means fewer cravings later in the day, more muscle, faster metabolism. What if I'm plant-based or dairy free? This still works. You still have plenty of options, but you want to be careful of quality. Collagen powder is dairy free. That's why I like it. bone broth protein, dairyf free. You could use hemp seeds, chia seeds, flax seeds inside those smoothies to get some extra protein. You could use a clean plant-based protein powder. Just be leery. Make sure there's no extra additive ingredients, especially artificial sweeteners. Nut-based smoothies, adding in extra nuts or cashew butter or almond butter, great way to get good taste in a smoothie with some protein. You can have beans with your eggs. Now, if you're vegan, obviously it's out. If you're vegetarian, is still enjoying eggs. You can add in extra fiber with beans anywhere. Just be careful with plant-based meats. It is extremely hard to get one that does not contain linoleic acid or other artificial ingredients that are toxifying your liver and slowing down weight loss. Again, if you're an intermittent faster, focused more on a liquid with protein in it. You won't be spiking your insulin levels. You can add a little fat with that. As I said, that recipe is below. And when you do stop fasting, make sure your first meal is loaded with hearty protein, quality protein, not like a carbheavy snack or a fruit juice that would be high in fructose. Okay, for the next habit, let me say something up front. Carbs are not the enemy, but eating them the wrong way at the wrong time or in the wrong form, that's a fast track to cravings, fat storage, and hormone imbalances, especially if you're over the age of 40. That's why we don't just cut carbs, we cycle them. Here's how it works. Some days go for lower carb to reset your hormones to burn some fat or go a week or two doing that. But then on other days, bring in clean carbohydrates to fuel your movement, your recovery. But never eat carbs just out of habit. Use them with intention and don't completely deprive yourself. So on lower activity days or on reset or rest days, go low carb. But on a workout or heavy activity day, you can add in some fiber richch, slow digesting carbs. Now the best ones to get more of on these days, lentils, beans, love them, full of so many nutrients. You could even add a little quinoa in or some wild rice. Could venture all the way to a sweet potato if you wanted to. and then lots of veggies at any time. Those are complex carbs, each of them with lots of fiber that allow your body to take in carbohydrates, satisfy some of those cravings for carbs, and allow your body enough time to process it and move through the system without spiking fat storage mode. Avoiding bread, pasta, cereal, crackers, anything that's processed or sugar- loaded. If it doesn't come with fiber, then don't eat it. We want high amounts of fiber if we're going to have higher amounts of carbohydrates. That's the key. And why this works is because it lowers your insulin levels. The fiber counteracts the spike in the sugar. If you're only eating the sugar, you're asking to be put in to a weight loss plateau. So, this type of carbohydrate prevents that weight loss plateau because your body isn't stuck in one routine. It protects your hormone levels like leptin and your thyroid which drop when you're on really low carbohydrate diets for a really long time like keto. It also trains your metabolism to switch between carbs and fat efficiently. So you can burn these fuels up even if you ingest them. This is how athletes fuel their performance without burning out. And it's how you fuel fat loss without resorting to an extreme diet. Now I want to be very clear. This only works when you focus on quality carbs. On the higher activity days, you're choosing higher carbohydrates. Choose fiberrich, unprocessed carbs. They should digest slowly and keep blood sugars stable. So, carb day isn't a license for lots of pizza and cookies. Remember, we're losing 30 lbs quickly. Think beans, think lentils, think roasted rooted vegetables, think sprouted grains. In other words, think fiber, not flour. I'll talk more about fiber in just a moment. Habit three, move more, burn more. Now that you got your meals working for you, let's talk about your movement. If your meals are on track, but you're still sitting most of the day. Sitting is the new smoking. Your body is working against you. It's so important to make a point to move your body every single day. Every time you do, it lowers insulin, the hormone that stores fat. It clears toxins through sweat, breathing, your lymphatic system. It improves circulation. It reduces your stress hormones like cortisol which actually stores fat. And one of the best types of movements you can add. Walking, especially after meals. If you have a big dinner at night, move. Studies show that just a 10 to 15 minute walk after a meal can lower your blood sugar by 22 to 23%. Lower insulin by 25% compared to sitting on the couch. That means less fat stored and more fat burned. And it's not just about walking. You can burn fat just by moving throughout the day. How neat. Non exercise activity thermogenesis. That's the calories you burn from daily motion, not workouts. Things like cleaning, pacing, taking the stairs instead of the elevator, stretching, even fidgeting, the old leg shake like Dr. Living Good. One study showed that fidgeting alone increased energy uses by 20 to 40% above resting levels. That's real fat burning without much additional effort. So, here's how to start including more motion into your day. You got a phone call. Go for a walk. Go for a pace. Move. When you're on that phone, anytime you're on it, you're moving. Pace the hallway. Do a lap around the house every hour. Set a timer. Got to move. Got to go walk downstairs around the house. Take a walk with a loved one or a friend each day. Take the stairs instead of the elevator. Stretch during TV commercials or ads. Go for a walk while you're on a work meeting. Get a walking treadmill to do while you're on a work meeting. Do body weight squats while waiting for a meal to cook. Hit some squats in the kitchen. Do some calf raises while you're brushing your teeth. Get creative. Once movement becomes part of your rhythm, fat loss becomes a byproduct rather than a battle. This doesn't have to be hard. Now, number four. If you've been eating better and walking and moving more, but the fat still won't come off. this is your next move because at some point your body needs more than just movement. It needs a stronger signal to build muscle and burn fat. And the best way to do this is by combining strength training with short bursts of intensity. Now, this is not an hour-ong workout. This is not cardio machines or counting reps. Just smart, efficient movement that gets results. Now, here's how I recommend doing it. Pick three body movement exercises. squats, lunges, push-ups, planks. Do them in a circuit with minimal rests. Now, two ways to do this. One, you could do 50 seconds on, take a 10-second break, go to the next exercise. 50 seconds on, 10 second break, go to the next exercise. 50 on, take a 30 second break, and then repeat that for two more rounds, and you've got a 9 minute and 50 second workout. Or another way to do it would be to pick three exercises and then just go 50 seconds on, 10 second break, 50 seconds on, 10 second break, 50 second on, 10 second break, and keep going as many reps as you can do in 8 to 10 minutes. You're done with the whole workout. You could do it right in your living room. You don't need any equipment. Although, you can easily add some dumbbells for the squats or for some curls or for some presses to build and strengthen and add a little bit more muscle. It works because it sends two strong signals. Build muscle, burn fat. That's what the body's hearing. You've got to challenge those muscles. Build muscle, burn fat. That's what I'm being asked to do. Strength training builds lean muscle. It raises the metabolism. And the intensity that that circuit's going to bring spikes growth hormone, which pulls fat from storage to build. In fact, one study found that that high intensity increases growth hormone by over 150%. And this kind of training also creates an afterburn effect, which means when you get done, you might feel a little nauseous. You might feel out of breath. You got to breathe hard to burn fat. Your body is going to keep burning fat for up to 24 hours after you stop highintensity exercise. Short on time? Can't get to the gym? Don't got any equipment? No problem. One study found that people doing this for 78 minutes a week got the same fat loss and blood sugar results as those doing 210 minutes of medium inensity traditional cardio exercise. Same benefits a third of the time. And the belly fat results in a six-month trial. This training, this type of highintensity exercise reduced abdominal fat 10 to 15%. That's real visible change faster and safer than most programs. Now, who's it for? Not just for fit people. If you're over the age of 50, just getting started, or your joints need support, this still works in our workouts. I'll leave an example below. We have a level one, a level two, and a level three. You can start slowly at a level one, and we've got variations for you. Even if you need to hold on to a chair or hold on to the wall, you can be doing this multiple days a week and start building up from there. Because once you start combining strength with intensity, you're not just exercising, you're changing how your body functions, you're turning it into a fat burning machine. You're protecting your muscle. You're setting up your metabolism to respond better to everything else that you do, especially burning up the meals that you eat. If you are over the age of 50, I also will put a link below to the top exercises to never do to make sure you don't compromise your progress by getting injured. Be sure to watch that one. Habit five. By now you learn how to start your day right, how to move more, how to control carbs, how to wake up your metabolism. Now it's time to lock in your progress with how you build your meals. Because when your meals are built the right way, they stop working against you and they start working for you. Now, here's the rule. Every meal should include protein, healthy fat, and fiber. Protein, fat, and fiber instead of the old model of protein, fat, and carbs. That combo keeps blood sugar steady, controls hunger, and keeps your body in fat burning mode. So, let's break it down. Protein keeps you full, slows digestion, stabilizes blood sugar, protects the building of that new muscular body that you are working on, fuels your metabolism. Without enough protein, your body burns muscle instead of fat and your metabolism stalls. So, we want to have enough of that fuel in a clean form. Here's another study insight for you. People who drank a high protein shake at some point in their day ate significantly less later on in the day without being told to. Protein tells your brain, "We're good. We've got what we need." Now, here's my favorite protein sources. Eggs, especially pasture-raised. We want quality protein. This is the key. Not just any source of protein. There's so many gurus out there just adding a bunch of junk protein to their body. We want clean, real sources. Wild caught fish, grass-fed beef, pasture-raised poultry, bone broth, collagen powders, not with any sort of artificial additive, sucralose, ACE K, any kind of those. We want clean grass-fed collagen. Hemp seeds, chia seeds, nuts, and beans. These are the sources of good, clean protein. Next, healthy fats. These help to regulate your hormones. They keep you full longer, and they reduce inflammation. Now, unlike carbs, fats don't spike insulin, so they support fat burning. Now, some study insight on this is adding a half an avocado to lunch increased satiety satisfaction by 23% for up to five hours. That's fewer cravings, more fat burning in between meals. Now, my favorite sources of healthy fats, avocados, drizzling some olive oil on a salad or a dish. You'd be surprised at what you can put that on. Coconut oil can be added to your coffee or to your smoothie. ghee or butter can be cooked with or added to your coffee or your smoothie. Raw nuts, raw seeds, and fatty fishes. And our third food group, fiber. Not just carbs, fiber. Fiber slows digestion. It keeps blood sugar flat. It lowers insulin. It feeds good gut bacteria and supports good gut health and it keeps detox pathways open. Study insight on this is high-fiber eaters had better blood sugar control and a 15% lower risk of early death. This isn't just for digestion and fat loss. It literally extends your life. But somehow we've gotten so focused on carbs, we need to focus on fiber. Here's my favorite fiber sources. Leafy green vegetables, sauteed, baked, raw. Add a handful into a smoothie. You don't even know it. Had them as a side. Picked those at the restaurant. There's plenty to enjoy. Cruciferous vegetables are the same. Brussels sprouts and broccoli. So many nutrients involved with those. Berries, especially raspberries and blueberries, very liver friendly, very sugar friendly. Beans, lentils, full of magnesium and other nutrients that your body craves. Chia seeds, flax seeds, easily can be added into salads or into smoothies or made into delicious desserts. Quinoa, wild rice. If you can tolerate these, these are great carb friendly fillers that can really suffice those cravings. Now, why all three together? Because they work as a team. You need all three for maximum fat burning. If you eat protein and you eat fibers, but you skip the fat, your blood sugar can still spike. If you eat fat without the fiber or the protein, you might feel full, but your body won't burn fat efficiently. eat fiber without the protein and you're not feeding your muscles, which is your metabolism. So, try to include all three in each meal. Now, here's something a lot of people miss. The order you eat the food matters, too. One study showed that eating the protein first actually helped to lower blood sugar by up to 45% and insulin up to 50%. That simple switch helps your body use food for energy and not store it as fat. So, make sure and focus on clean quality protein, fats, and fibers. include them as many meals as you can and be mindful about the order that you eat them. Habit six. So, we focused on what you're eating. Now, it's time to talk about when you eat because if you're eating all day long, your body never gets a real chance to burn up that fuel and burn up fat. Most people eat from waking up to bedtime. There's coffee and there's creams and there's Starbucks runs and donuts in the morning at 6:00 a.m. and God knows for breakfast and muffins and toast. And then we have a snack at 10 o'clock and then we have lunch at noon. Then we have another snack at 3:00 and an energy drink. And then we have dinner at 6. Then we've got to do a dessert or a late night snack while we're watching TV at 9:00 or 10 o'clock at night. Here's the problem. Every time you eat, you spike insulin. And when insulin is high, fat burning mode is shut off. So what's the fix? Creating an intentional rhythm to your meals. That means spacing them out, cutting the snacks, and giving your body time to reset, lower the insulin, digest the nutrients, use the nutrients, and burn fat. That's the real reason this works. And the science backs it up. In a 12-week study, people who shortened their eating window to 10 hours a day lost over 7 pounds, dropping nearly 2 in off their waist, 3% of their total body fat. And they didn't change what they ate, just when they ate. A concept I coined called rotational eating also increases growth hormone by over 1,200% shows one study. That hormone tells your body to burn fat and protect muscle. You need growth hormone men and women. It's your body's way of saying no food, no problem. I'll start pulling from fat stores. It also activates your body's internal cleanup crew called autophagy. And this is what cleans up damaged cells, old proteins, and toxins that are oftentimes stored in fat. That's critical when it comes to fat loss because as fat cells shrink, they release toxins and junk into your bloodstream. If your body can't process that junk, your weight comes right back on. So, also note that it's not just about how long you eat, it's about how late you eat. One study found that eating the same dinner at 10 p.m. instead of 6 p.m. led to higher blood sugar and significantly less burned fat overnight. Same food, different timing. One gets stored, the other gets used. So, how do you space your meals apart? You don't have to do a fast for 20 hours. There is some benefit for the rotational eating of skipping some meals, but if you want to keep wellfed, not starving yourself, you just need to give your body regular breaks. So, here's what I would start with to feel full all the time and properly time this rhythm. Stop eating two to three hours before bed. This is the number one thing to do. Allow your body enough time to process that last meal of the day. Eat three balanced meals a day. No snacking in between. Just a breakfast, some protein, maybe a little bit of fat, maybe a little bit of fiber, solid lunch, solid dinner. Stop. And then aim for 12 to 14 hours overnight of no eating. This is rotational eating. This is a little bit of a fast from 6:00 p.m. when you had dinner and you didn't eat the next morning until 7:00. You just got yourself 13 hours of not eating. If you get a little stuck, cycle in breakfast as a liquid only, just protein coffee or fat only. Just having a little bit of coffee with a little bit of butter and coconut oil with collagen protein powder blended together. That protein coffee kind of replaces the meal and extends your food fasting till lunchtime. That'll help break a plateau. Ideally, you space your meals 4 to 6 hours apart. You got a breakfast at 8:00 a.m. You got a lunch at 12:00. You don't have dinner till 6. If you're hungry between meals, drink water. Drink lemon water. Have some coffee. Your body's thirsty, not hungry. So, this is the habit that ties everything else together. Because if your meals are built right, but you're constantly grazing and constantly eating, your insulin stays high. Your fat burning never kicks in and never starts. But when you build in space, your metabolism picks up. your hormones level out and fat burning because something that your body does naturally. So now you've got the habits, you've got the rhythm. You're no longer guessing what to eat, when to eat, or how to move. Now there's one more piece most people miss, and it's a big one. It's your liver. If your liver is still under attack, your fat burning will stall no matter what else you're doing right. There are seven common foods most people eat on a regular basis that put pressure on their liver, spike inflammation, and make weight loss way harder than it has to be. And the worst part is some of these are even marketed as healthy. So, if you want to keep your progress going and avoid sabotaging everything that you just started, then watch this next video. It walks you through the seven foods that ruin your liver and block fat loss and how to avoid them starting today. I'll include that link right here. Click to watch it now and I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrLivingood [170 likes]: ⚠Click here to watch "7 TOXIC Foods Destroying Your Liver & Blocking Weight Loss (Warning Signs)" next https://youtu.be/1d8TujYlGRM?si=gNiFZP9QeYxHa6gU
  2. @theempress8947 [1 likes]: I almost cried when I saw this vid ..I just got my bloods back and it's not looking good..I need to lose exactly 30 lbs so this vid is going to help me a lot...thank you thank you
  3. @SaturdayIsGodsSabbath: I found out I was lactose intolerant and I was already a vegetarian and when I stopped using dairy the weight just started rolling off.  I started wondering if I had cancer! 😅
  4. @Sophia-mr1nc: You lost me with cocoa powder. Cocoa powder is really hard, if not impossible, to find heavy metal-free and is highly inflammatory.
  5. @Svsv0777-h1u: I tried that and it didn’t work for me 😕😕
  6. @misterman6455: Im terribly underweight
  7. @sharlottfaulkner1868: Can you put Heavy whipping  cream in your coffee with the collagen, coconut oil and butter....or no..this would break a fast, right?
  8. @MGelfand: Can you make a video about whether or not it's okay to drink a glass of wine in the evening while trying to lose or maintain weight?
  9. @wilsonbelle6600: Lose 30 pounds fast? Don't eat for a few weeks. That'll do it.
  10. @jodygerlach5237: Protein in the morning 
Carb cycling 
Move more- especially a walk after meals
Strength training with short burst of energy 10 minutes or more
Protein, fat, and fiber at every meal
Set meal times cut out snacks.  Shorten your eating window
  11. @Doris-dv9tn: Need the right collegen and name of it
  12. @susandi57: palm oil good or bad ??? I'm leaning towards BAD for your health.
  13. @borg386: All good advice, but I'll stick with the carnivore diet 
No need for carbs  OR fiber. 
No need to count calories either. 
And I can eat as much as I want without an insulin spike.
  14. @stevenstevens3968: Will a protein shake in the morning be okay
  15. @Obloms: Collagen protein doesn't do anything for muscle growth and recovery though.  I am not certain what it would do here.
  16. @birdi007: Where’s the links?
  17. @teresapetersen5431: What about fresh whole pasteurized A2 cows milk???
  18. @grainny4397: I'm am intermittent faster Noob. 19 days and counting for my streak. I'm 9 lbs pounds day in. 30 lbs off of me is the goal. I'm a massage therapist so I'm always moving and I clock around 10K steps a day. I'm double care taker and will likely be for the rest of my life. Workout time is basically out due to lack of time. So I had to find another way to lose weight and be more healthy. High protein meals, averaging 18hour fast, cut alcohol to nearly nothing minus specific events, and lastly I try to sleep more. Sleep is incredibly important. Also walking after meals I nearly forgot that. this is a 12 week challenge so I will see how it goes. I already feel better.
  19. @kathydurr266: What are some of the best/affordable collogen powders?
  20. @fionaphilips6565: Fast, stop eating is an option.

- Why Women Over 40 Need MORE Protein | Metabolism, Muscle & Craving Control: Kind: captions Language: en So, let's clear something up. Protein is a functional macronutrient, not a fuel source like carbs or fat. Yes, your body can break it down for energy in a pinch, but it does that at a cost, often by cannibalizing your own muscle tissue. So, let's not let it get to that point, okay? Instead, think of protein as your body's construction material, your internal repair crew. Your skin, bones, hair, enzymes, neurotransmitters, immune cells, they're all made from amino acids. These are the building blocks of protein. And here's something else most people don't realize. You don't store amino acids like you do carbohydrates as glycogen or fat. There's no protein pantry in your body. So when you're not getting in enough protein, your body has one place to go look for them, your muscle. And once you start losing muscle, your metabolism slows, your insulin sensitivity drops, and body fat starts accumulating. That is not aging powerfully. That is aging poorly. So here is how protein keeps you lean, strong, and energized. First of all, protein is what triggers muscle protein synthesis. This is that process of repairing and rebuilding muscle. Now, you've probably heard me talk about this that after the age of 30, we can lose up to 3 to 8% of our muscle mass per decade, even as much as 1% a year. And protein is your first line of defense. Plus, protein is very thermic. Protein takes more energy to digest and assimilate than fat or carbs. That means your body burns more calories just breaking it down. up to 25 to 30% of protein calories go towards digesting that protein. It's literally a metabolism booster. Also, it's amazing for satiety and craving control because protein is the most satiating macronutrient. It turns on fullness hormones like peptide Y and GLP1. You've heard about that one. And keeps grein, your hunger hormone, in check. What does that mean for you? fewer cravings, better appetite regulation, and way less snacking. So, it turns out your body has a builtin drive to meet its protein needs. If your body is too lower, your diet rather is too low in protein, it's going to keep you eating until you hit that threshold, even if it means overeating calories from carbs and fat. If you get your protein right, guess what? You naturally eat less. Period. Now, especially after 40, you need more protein, not less. So, if you're over 40, listen up. Because as we age or as we become more insulin resistant or more sedentary, we develop something called anabolic resistance. This is where our bodies become less efficient at building and maintaining muscle from the same amount of protein. So, while your younger self may have been fine with 20 grams per meal, your midlife body needs more like 30 to 40 grams per meal. and ideally spaced evenly throughout the day. Although overall protein is still the most important, you also got to factor in stress, gut health, and lowered stomach acid because all of these can impair protein digestion and absorption. This means that the quality of your protein, the digestibility of it, and the frequency you eat it become non-negotiable if you want to age powerfully. So, yes, protein helps you drop fat, but even more, it helps you preserve muscle, stabilize blood sugar, and feel full and satisfied while doing it. And that's what we're after, right? Fat loss without muscle loss. Because that's the real needle mover when it comes to long-term health, energy, and great body composition.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sherbear948: No nonsense explanation, I love it!  I strive to eat enough protein but never consume enough daily.  I bought protein shakes to try to bring up my protein consumption but even when short the product says not to consume more than 1 per day.  I am on a slow weight loss journey but I think upping my protein intake will help.  Can’t wait to try the 7 day challenge.  Thank you JJ ❤

- Nutrition Tips for Women 40+: Energy & Metabolism: Kind: captions Language: en Nutrition matters after 40. A women over 40 experience natural changes in metabolism, muscle mass, and energy levels. Nutrition plays a key role in addressing these shifts. With the right foods, you can support your metabolism, maintain muscle, and power your workouts. Let's explore how to fuel your body for lasting vitality and health. Protein building blocks for muscle. Protein becomes increasingly important as we age. Consuming lean protein sources such as chicken, fish, eggs, tofu, and legumes helps preserve muscle mass, which naturally declines after 40. Aim to include a good protein source at every meal to support muscle repair and boost metabolism. [Music] Smart carbohydrates for energy. Carbohydrates are essential for energy, especially around exercise. Focus on complex carbs like whole grains, sweet potatoes, and beans, which provides sustained fuel and stabilize blood sugar. Avoiding excessive refined sugars helps prevent energy crashes, supporting both workouts and daily activities. Healthy fats supporting hormones and satiety. Including healthy fats supports hormone balance and keeps you satisfied. Foods like avocados, nuts, seeds, and olive oil offer anti-inflammatory benefits and promote heart health. Moderation is key as fats are calorie dense, but cutting them out completely can negatively affect energy and mood. Micronutrients and hydration. Don't overlook vitamins and minerals. Nutrients like calcium, vitamin D, magnesium, and iron are vital for bone health, energy production, and muscle function. Staying hydrated also aids metabolism and performance. Aim to drink water throughout the day, especially before and after exercise. Creating a sustainable nutrition plan for women over 40. Optimal nutrition means balance, variety, and consistency. Prioritize whole foods, mindful portions, and regular meal timing. Listen to your body's needs and partner nutrition with regular strength and aerobic activity for the best results in energy and metabolism.

- 10 Reasons Women Over 40 Need More Protein (It's Not Just Building Muscle): Kind: captions Language: en If you're working to lose fat as you build muscle, you may have heard to increase your protein intake, and you should. But eating more protein isn't just beneficial for body recmp. It's also good for your health and staying functionally fit till your final day on this planet. So, if you've been avoiding increasing your protein intake, I want to help you value this change and prioritize it by understanding fully why it's so key. Because we prioritize and embrace hard changes that we value. Here are 10 reasons why increasing your protein is so key. But before I dive into these amazing benefits of protein, I do want to give you one word of warning specifically about those high protein labeled foods you may turn to. Just because something says it's high protein doesn't mean it is. In the US, a food can be labeled as high protein with just 10 g of protein per serving. Which, don't get me wrong, that may be the boost you need while helping you strike a lifestyle balance. A high protein granola may help you strike balance in keeping your breakfast parfait while rocking your macro ratios. But you want to be aware that you may not actually be getting that much protein just by eating foods labeled high protein. Your best bet for increasing your protein are things like meat, chicken, beef, and seafood. Or if you're plant-based, tofu, tempe, and satan. However, if you're already increasing those protein portions and want other options, plus you're tempted by protein cereals or granas to help you strike a sustainable nutritional balance, you can use this trick to help you figure out the protein density of foods and ones that may be more valuable for your goals. Take the calories on the label and move the decimal over one to the left. If a cereal is 160 calories, that means the number you're now looking at is 16. If the protein on the nutritional label is 16 g or greater, that food is actually going to be protein dense under that amount and you know you're not looking at a protein dense food. Now, the 10 reasons to increase your protein. Number one, it helps build and maintain lean muscle mass. Grip strength is a key indicator of longevity. And guess what's needed for a strong grip? Muscle. Muscle is magical and involved in keeping our body healthy in so many ways, supporting everything from brain to bone health to metabolic health. So, we need to do everything we can to maintain and even build it. Especially since as we get older, our risk of sarcopenia or muscle loss increases and we're less able to utilize protein as efficiently to repair and rebuild. So, increasing our protein, the amino acids that are the building blocks of muscle, is really super key as we get older. Number two, it improves hormonal balance. Most people think of protein as just the building blocks of muscle, but it's also the building blocks of many hormones and neurotransmitters. Without enough protein, your body struggles to make and regulate the powerful chemical signals that tell your body when to burn fat, when to feel hungry or full, when to calm down, when to feel energized, and even when it's time to sleep. And especially as women enter pmenopause and menopause, protein is one of the most powerful dietary tools we have to feel more balanced, energized, and more in control of our body composition. Number three, protein keeps bones healthy. As we get older, our risk for falls and fractures increases. Protein helps us not only build muscle to react to avoid falls and slips that may impact our bone health, but it also provides amino acids to strengthen our bones while supporting calcium absorption. Add lifting weights to the mix and you create the perfect recipe for improving bone density and staying strong and stable. Number four, it improves mood and helps us manage stress. Again, protein isn't just for your muscles. It's also fuel for your brain and nervous system. The amino acids from protein are used to make key brain chemicals. Things like serotonin, which supports calm and happiness, dopamine, which helps with focus and motivation, and GABA, which plays a big role in relaxation and stress control. Together, these chemicals help keep your mood steady, your stress in check, and your energy more consistent. Protein also helps keep your blood sugar steady, which prevents the crashes that can trigger irritability, anxiety, and fatigue, which is especially helpful for anyone going through pmenopause or menopause. That's why making every meal protein centric is one of the most powerful ways to improve your mood, sharpen your focus, and increase your mental resilience as you get older. Number five, protein supports brain health and cognitive functioning. Protein does this both directly and indirectly. Indirectly, protein helps you build and maintain lean muscle mass. Strong muscles improve circulation, stabilize blood sugar, reduce inflammation, and are linked to a lower risk of dementia. Directly, protein fuels your brain by providing amino acids to make neurotransmitters like serotonin, dopamine, and acetyloline, supporting nerve protection and repair, keeping blood sugar steady for consistent focus and mental clarity, and reducing oxidative stress that damages brain cells. During menopause, these benefits become even more important. Protein helps protect against brain fog and memory lapses by supporting neurotransmitters, stabilizing blood sugar, and improving mental clarity and focus. By eating enough protein and keeping your muscle strong, you're not only supporting better mood, focus, and memory. Now, you're also investing in long-term brain health and lowering your risk of cognitive decline. Number six, it improves your cardiovascular health. You might be raising an eyebrow at this one. After all, when we think protein, many of us think of heart issues, especially with red meat and saturated fat. But here's the truth. Getting enough protein paired with heart-healthy fats actually supports your cardiovascular health. It helps lower blood pressure, improves cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and keeps arteries more flexible instead of stiffening with age. Protein also stabilizes blood sugar, reducing another major risk factor for heart disease. And let's not forget, protein builds muscle, and strong muscles directly benefit your heart by boosting circulation, blood sugar control, and lowering inflammation. All of this becomes even more important as women enter menopause. As estrogen levels decline, blood pressure often rises, cholesterol worsens, and blood sugar becomes harder to manage. All this puts extra strain on the heart and blood vessels. So, if you've been on the fence about protein, hopefully you're starting to see its benefits. Number seven, protein supports quality sleep and recovery. Want to fall asleep faster, sleep deeper, and reduce fatigue and muscle soreness? Yep, protein is key for all of these things. Protein provides amino acids like tryptophen, which your body uses to make serotonin, a calming neurotransmitter, and melatonin, the sleep hormone. This helps improve both your ability to fall asleep, but also how restorative your sleep actually is. Protein also helps stabilize blood sugar throughout the day, preventing the nighttime crashes and stress signals that often disrupt sleep. This is something that becomes especially important during menopause when sleep issues are more common. And when it comes to recovery, protein is literally the fuel your body needs to repair muscle tissue and rebuild stronger. Without enough of it, you can end up training hard but never seeing the muscle or strength gains you want and staying sore much longer than you should. Number eight, it improves insulin sensitivity and body composition. Notice where your storing fat has maybe changed with middle age that you're seeing your waistline spread a little bit more. Don't just write it off as getting older. Increase your protein intake. One of protein's biggest benefits is how it supports healthy blood sugar and insulin levels. When we eat enough protein, it slows digestion, reduces blood sugar spikes and crashes, and helps us feel fuller for longer, which means fewer cravings, and less overeating. Protein also supports lean muscle, and muscle is one of the body's best tools for managing blood sugar because it soaks up glucose and uses it for energy. Simply put, stronger muscles equal better insulin sensitivity. And while these benefits matter at any age, they become even more important during menopause when hormonal shifts can make it easier to store fat around the abdomen and harder to regulate blood sugar levels. Number nine, it keeps your gut healthy. Your gut does more than just digest food. It's also where nutrients are absorbed and where much of your immune system lives. As we age, digestive enzyme activity can decline, which makes it harder to break down and absorb nutrients as efficiently. This is where increasing protein can help. Certain amino acids like glutamine help maintain the integrity of your gut lining. The lining acts like a filter, letting in the nutrients your body needs while keeping out unwanted particles that can trigger inflammation. Protein also supports the production of digestive enzymes that help you break down food more effectively. And during menopause, when bloating and digestive discomfort often increase, protein helps support gut function and reduces inflammation so your digestion feels smoother and more balanced. And finally, even though I know you're already sold on increasing your protein. Number 10, protein strengthens your immune system. As we age, our immune system naturally slows down. This can make it harder to fight off infections, heal quickly, or keep inflammation under control. Protein directly supports your defenses by providing amino acids your body needs to build antibodies, immune cells, and glutathione, which is one of the most powerful antioxidants, protecting cells from damage. And because so much of your immune system actually lives in your gut, protein's role in maintaining your gut health further supports a strong balanced immune response. This is even more important during menopause when hormonal shifts can increase inflammation and make the immune system more vulnerable. So, increasing your protein intake, it isn't just key for your aesthetic goals, although it will help you look freaking fabulous. It's the key to staying fit, healthy, strong, and resilient till your final day on this planet. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @trbeyond [2 likes]: Good video on all the benefits of protein but not sure the video title aligns with the content. I was hoping it was more about what products may be mislabeled or certain foods high protein isn’t actually utilized by the body as well as others.
  2. @ms.developer235 [2 likes]: Thanks for this video Cori! I knew about protein and muscle, but didn't know about the heart health benefits especially around perimenopause. Plus, I love the science behind wellness. I really appreciate that you name dropped actual terms (like glutathione for ex.) to teach what's happening. The wealth of info - not to mention I saw a difference applying your advice, is why i subscribed!
  3. @Littlefurball7 [1 likes]: I have to say I’ve been mostly vegan and focused focusing on vegan  protein with beans, lentils, ect. 50, perimenopausal and the anxiety was through the roof in spite of being musclar. Switched to fish, red meat, lean pork, and venison and within a few days my anxiety is nearly gone and I’m sleeping so much better.
  4. @lifeisarollercoaster1443 [1 likes]: Hi Cori. Thanks so much for this video, and all your videos. You have amazing content and I always learn so much from you. Your beautiful smile and light-hearted role play make your videos very educational, and fun to watch. Love them 😍
  5. @Drrck11 [1 likes]: Great advice 👍🏾
  6. @solosixstring7422 [1 likes]: Great message thanks cori !!
  7. @JaySain69 [1 likes]: 💯good info💰💰
  8. @absta100: Oh man how do I get rid of the donut around my belly button ? 😞 130g of protein so hard for me.  I am vegetarian
  9. @SimaSaysBeWholeVideos: Thanks for this video.  This was good information.  Power-packed.  I'm 65, working on building muscle.
  10. @michell598: Love your content Cori! Keep up the great work! 🎉
  11. @stephenr6913: 10 grams of protein is a high protein food? I live in Canada and our low fat milk had 9gm, per cup. I suspect it's similar in the US. A typical glass of milk for me is abut a cup and a half. I never considered it high protein, just healthy protein.
  12. @BODYBYWALLY: I love watching You're a genius, but the pictures seriously sixty or  120, you really think that 100 percent of women that are in shape, really care about the difference in those pictures.Being in fitness for a half a century, I say no.But I still love you
  13. @MeriBeeYT: Damn look at that bod 🔥
  14. @jude-ln1ut: Increasing my protein above 50 to 60g, even though well hydrated, resulted in excessive BUN and BUN/creatinine ratio and a steady  decline in eGFR.  It's  a bummer. 

So, I've started breaking up that amount in small quantities of 10 - 15 per meal, with fiber and fat to slow absorption,  and add 3g HMB (1g 3x/day) to improve protein synthesis and reduce breakdown. We'll see how it works.
  15. @elmejoraj: As a doctor, I thought I understood how health systems worked… until I read ‘Healing Beyond The System’ by David Collins. It reveals truths no one in medicine ever talks about.
  16. @jenA9026: I'm 60, and I find I hardly have an appetite for eating at all. 
Five servings of vegetables are recommended and oodles of protein, and I just really struggle.
Besides ethically not wanting to eat animal products (I do, because of the protein thing).

I don't slavishly count macros, but after doing so on and off for nearly 40 years, I can guestimate pretty well.
Mind you, if you want to look like this young lady, you need kitchen  scales and macro counting.
It's true that so-so effort gives so-so results. I'm good with so-so results, but preserving muscle mass is a priority. Low body fat %?  I don't  chase that anymore. I've bee 10% to 16% body fat. Now I'm probably 18% to 20%. 
You can climb mount everest but you cant live there!
  17. @keenanranch849: Excellent info!  Complete and well presented! Thank you!
  18. @roxannebudd1978: ❤❤❤
  19. @JaySain69: Thanx for breaking down protein 👌🏿💯
  20. @JaySain69: Damn you ripped you must have self motivation 💯

- Is Protein The Key To Weight Loss Over 40?: Kind: captions Language: en all right protein protein protein we hear so much about protein let's jump into protein today y'all if you're over 40 and not paying attention to this you are playing yourself be honest do you even know how much protein your body needs at this stage of life or why it's important for your energy muscle and Metabolism today we are breaking it all down no fluff no diet BS just straight facts about how you can make protein your secret weapon and staying strong energized and feeling like that girl for years to come grab your tea your water or a protein shake whatever it is and let's get into it let's have a quick science lesson after 40 your body starts losing 1 to 2% of body mass per year not night that means if you're getting enough protein your metabolism slows down you feel weaker and it gets harder to maintain your shape here's the good news protein helps to stop that in its tracks it helps to keep your body strong and your metabolism fired up and it also keeps Cravings in check how much do you need you want to aim for about7 to 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight if you're 150 lb that's about 105 to 150 gam of protein I know that sounds like a lot but hold on stick with me I just realized I forgot to tell you that in the description box below is is a protein cheat sheet that gives you information on the proper portion size of proteins what type of proteins you should be eating and high protein snacks also give you just a little sneak peek on something that I'm working on a high protein recipe guid make sure you click the link in the description download your free protein cheat sheet protein isn't just about muscle it also boosts your metabolism because your body burns more calories digesting protein than it does when it's breaking down carbs or fats just by eating it you're already weding and here's the best part muscle burns more calories than fat even at rest the more lean muscle you hold on to the easier it is for your metabolism to work with you and not against you let's talk about real food you do not have to survive on plain chicken breast as your protein go proteins on my list are chicken turkey fish eggs Greek yogurt cottage cheese do throw in my lean beefs your PL based protein which includes beans lentils tofu Tempe quinoa and chickpeas quick and easy snaks include boiled eggs protein shakes jerky and edamami aim for whole food sources most of the time protein powders and bars are cool but as a backup plan so don't make these your main source and season your Foods it does not have to be Bland yes you can do a little something to some chicken where you put some salt and pepper and some good lemon and garlic now that might sound basic but it can add a lot of flare but be adventurous try other like cultural foods like Thai seasonings of Curry or Indian or even going over to Jamaica and enjoy sort of a Jamaican flare with some jerk seasoning but season that food y'all to keep flavorful spread your protein through the day your body can only absorb so much protein at once so spreading it through the day is key think of aiming for about 25 to 30 Gams of protein per meal that's a little bit of The Sweet Spot for muscle maintenance and fat loss for breakfast think scrambled eggs with turkey sausage and avocado toast for lunch grilled chicken or tofu salad with quinoa for dinner salmon with roasted veggies and swe potatoes for snacks Greek yogurt with almonds boiled eggs or a protein smoothie here's a rule every meal should include a solid protein source so you feel full and satisfied I want to debunk some of these myths around protein myth number one protein makes you bulking no unless you are lifting heavy and eating in an extreme calorie Surplus you cannot get bulky what you will get is a leaner ton and stronger body myth number two you can only get protein from meat wrong lentils tofu kenoa beans are plant-based proteins that work just fine just pair them to get all of your essential amino acids myth number three protein is only for G rats even if you are only working out by running after your kids your muscles need protein to stay strong help with recovery and keep you energized now that you know why protein is Cen let's make sure you actually stick to it how to make protein easy one batch cook grill turkey cook ground beef or roast chickpeas in bulk so you have them ready to go two upgrade your breakfast swap sugary cereals for eggs protein pancakes or overnight oats with a little protein boost three snack smart keep Greek yogurt protein bars or eggs on hand for quick fixes for it use a protein anchor plan your meals around protein first then add your carbs and fats five Stay Ready keep frozen shrimp can tuna or protein powder on hand so you're never scrambling make it a habit not a hassle the more you set yourself up for Success the less you're going to have to think about it now it is your turn start prioritizing protein at every meal and I want you to see how your energy changes I invite you to hit that subscribe button for more content for us ladies in our 40s who want to stay fit and Fabulous

- 11 Ways the Ketogenic Diet Can CHANGE Your Life (Benefits of Keto): Kind: captions Language: en hey this is dr. berry in this short video let's discuss 11 ways that the ketogenic diet can change your life the ketogenic diet is a very ancestrally appropriate diet that our DNA knows exactly what to do with our DNA doesn't like it when we calorie restrict and it doesn't like it when we high carb lots of whole grains but our DNA does love it when we eat the ketogenic way of eating and that gives you many many benefits in your life now if you think you might like this video please consider subscribing to my channel and clicking the little bell right beside the subscribe button that way every time I get a bright idea you are one of the very first to know I have many videos on this channel about the ketogenic way of eating and so if you're curious about that you can watch some of those to learn even more now let's talk about eleven ways the ketogenic diet can change your life number one and and one of the very most important things for many people is that the ketogenic way of eating helps to lower your blood pressure so if you have elevated blood pressure or even if you have hypertension so many people when they start eating keto notice that their blood pressure comes down I've had multiple patients in the clinic where I practice I have to stop one or two or even three of their blood pressure medications because their blood pressure returns to normal when they start eating keto and you can obviously understand the importance and how helpful that is to not have to take these potentially side effect creating medications you just eat the diet instead number two the ketogenic diet slows down the aging process now aging is a very complicated thing and there are many variables the best analogy I've ever heard about aging is that aging is like driving a car with only an accelerator there's no brake pedal right and so the only thing that you can do is you can speed up the aging process by doing dumb things by eating dumb things by drinking dumb things what the ketogenic way of eating basically does is it brings your foot up off the accelerator and you're gonna age you're gonna get older we all do there's nothing we can do about that but you sure don't want to be speeding up the process right and the ketogenic diet mimics calorie restriction or fasting diets or high-fat diets that's what it does and that's how it does this it basically mimics the experiments you may have heard about where mice rats worms all kinds of things have you they've tripled doubled and tripled their life span we can't actually lock humans in a room and cut their caloric intake right we can't do that because that's considered torture and kidnapping and other felonies but we can do that with animals in every animal species that we've tried this with lives longer they live 30 40 50 100 percent longer and so the ketogenic diet naturally makes you start to have a time restricted feeding window because you're so satiated with fat that you mimic these life extension diets that you may have read about number 3 the ketogenic way of eating improves joint pain and inflammation I cannot begin to estimate how many patients I've had at the berry clinic who have been able to come off their daily anti-inflammatory I've even had people who are on the the surgery list to have their knee replaced and once they had been eating keto for a few months they were able to call the surgery and surgeon and say yeah you know what take me off the schedule I'll give you a call when I need you and I think that's a very powerful thing number 4 the ketogenic way of eating decreases the frequency of contracting autoimmune conditions and it also decreases the severity if you already have one so think about autoimmune diseases they consist of three things you have a genetic predisposition right but you also have chronic inflammation in your body and that that increases the odds and then you're eating crap food and all those things together lead to a boom you've got an autoimmune condition so if you'd like to increase your odds of never getting one or if you already have one and you'd like to decrease the severity of flare-ups and the frequency of flare-ups and I would highly recommend the ketogenic way of eating to you number five the ketogenic diet improves your mood I have had numerous patients who decreased or stopped their anti-depression medication many many patients who came off their anti-anxiety medication I've even had patients who've been formally and rigorously diagnosed with bipolar disorder being able to decrease or stop their medications and effectively cure all three of these conditions just by getting the inflammatory standard diet out of their mouths and so the ketogenic diet is very powerful for improving and stabilizing the mood number six it improves heartburn you probably know someone who when they got on the keto way of eating they lost weight their heartburn got better and they stopped taking their nexium prilosec protonix zantac pepcid i hear that all the time at the clinic it makes me very happy anytime someone can stop taking an unnecessary daily medication and the ketogenic diet definitely helps with heartburn and GERD number seven the ketogenic diet is absolutely the best diet I've ever seen ever for curing fatty liver disease non-alcoholic fatty liver disease or non-alcoholic fatty steatohepatitis all these get better on the ketogenic diet I've had numerous patients who had a repeat ultrasound their first ultrasound showed they had fatty liver their alt was elevated they had kind of that bloated potbelly of fatty liver a year later we repeated the ultrasound after they've been keto for the majority of the year the fat was gone the were and there's actually something even worse than fatty liver and that's fatty pancreas I have a video on here on this channel if you want to check that out but fatty fatty liver and fatty pancreas lead to so many chronic diseases and can even lead to liver failure and type-2 diabetes so you definitely if you're starting to get a fatty liver you want to cure that that's not optional number eight the ketogenic way of eating optimizes your hormones and I do a lot of hormone optimization in my clinic but I've noticed that many many people don't need the hormone optimization anymore once they start eating the proper ancestrally appropriate diet which I believe is the ketogenic diet I'm not saying that if a man has a testosterone 250 that Kido is going to increase it to 950 but I have multiple times seeing the man's testosterone go from 250 to 400 just by changing his diet I've seen a woman's testosterone go from 3 to 45 just by starting to eat keto and so I think it optimizes all of your hormones not just your your sex hormones but I've seen that happen with all the hormones in the human body when somebody truly commits to the ketogenic way of eating number nine it controls your appetite how many times have you been on a key a calorie restricted diet like the Weight Watchers diet the Jenny Craig Lean Cuisine slim-fast whatever they're all calorie restriction diets but they don't give you enough fat and so you're chronically hungry and you're chronically lowering your metabolic rate and so you'll lose 5 10 20 pounds but then it stops and then as soon as you stop the diet and you stop it because you're hungry and miserable then all the weight comes back plus 5 pounds the ketogenic Way of eating is not like that you get to eat lots of healthy fats and so the fat naturally tweaks your hunger hormones leptin and ghrelin and you're just not hungry that's why so many people on the ketogenic way of eating kind of effortlessly slip into time restricted feeding or intermittent fasting is because it's easy to do those things when you're on keto because you're just not hungry and so if you're sick and tired of starving to death trying to lose weight you should maybe try the ketogenic way of eating I think you'll be very happy with that number 10 this is great for the teenagers and the 20-somethings and even a 30-somethings is it improves acne like no diet I've ever seen when a teenager with severe acne truly commits to eating a ketogenic way the acne gets substantially better and I'm talking about the cystic pustular scarring acne as well as just the blackheads and whiteheads it all gets better because acne comes from two things it comes from hormones and it comes from inflammation and when the ketogenic diet is optimized your hormones and then when it's also got rid of the inflammation the acne just effortlessly goes away without any expensive lotions pills injections so that's pretty powerful for people with acne and then lastly number eleven and I purposefully made this one last so many people focus on weight loss and that's why they come to keto but I wanted to put this one last I wanted you to understand there are so many other benefits to the ketogenic way of eating yes definitely if you have weight to lose it's going to help you lose weight like no other diet and it's going to help you keep it off permanently unlike any other diet that's the beauty of the ketogenic way of eating is it's going to tend to make you move towards your ideal body weight and so if you're too skinny I've seen people gain weight on keto if you're too fat I've seen so many people lose weight on the ketogenic way of eating now if you enjoyed this video and if you know someone who needs to know about these benefits please share this on your Facebook page feel free to share this in your keto group your low carb high fat group even your paleo group you have my permission to share because when you share you help me help so many more people because you see I'm on a mission to stamp out chronic disease in metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes and childhood obesity and only with your help can I do that now if you really want to give me a little extra help you can click on the patreon link it's right down below you can sign up quickly and you can throw a buck or two my way and it helps me have more time to make more videos just like this so that I can help more people this is dr. berry I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @corymcgrath3014 [10 likes]: Joint pain gone, aniexty gone, depression gone. Amazing
  2. @r.f.pennington746 [5 likes]: In my first month of Keto-Saurus, with visible results. Thinking about my Grandmother who died 13 years ago...at 105. Sharp as a tack until the last two weeks, still washed her clothes and hung them out on a line. NEVER ate anything that "didn't grow in a garden" so no rice, pasta, biscuits, bagels. NEVER baked pies or cookies (she'd say, "go out to the garden and get your cookies...so, didn't find any, did ya?) ALWAYS started her day with a pat of butter and some cream in her coffee, one cup. We always teased her about that. Cows, pigs, chickens ("How come you kids aren't eating those chicken skins?" she'd always ask) on her plate every day. She didn't know about the Keto diet,  --just the turn-of-last-century farm diet.  These are very helpful vids for the rest of us!
  3. @lyricst.germaine1153 [1 likes]: 1. Lowers blood pressure
2. Slow aging process
3. Improves joint pain and inflammation
4. Decreases the frequency of auto immune diseases or decreases severity
5. Improves mood
6. Improves heartburn/GERD
7. Cures fatty liver/pancreas disease
8. Optimizes hormones
9. Controls appetite
10. Improves acne
11. Weight loss
  4. @katb-t7204 [1 likes]: I 100% agree with you! 
I lost 50kg on keto, but I'm also keeping it off. 
I'm 49 years old & I learnt so much about my body, brain & nutrition.
Regular healthy exercise & self care balance is key for me. 
I stumbled across keto when I was really unwell with a rare illness.
It really helping me heal my body with food. 
Like you said, it heals many things. 
Now I'm getting there..
Thank you for sharing.
  5. @corymcgrath3014 [1 likes]: Keto is amazing. Do it!!
  6. @dorothybarnett2856: I have stage 3 kidney failure and I would really love to have the recipes to help my kidneys get better
  7. @padraigolonain2451: What about sports induced asthma and carnivore diet or keto.thank you
  8. @colinramsay9462: You Ken are absolutely brilliant. I had blood tests recently which showed high blood sugar. I've gradually been adjusting my diet to lower carbs and have started going to the gym and walking more but this my friend will be a game changer. 👏
  9. @nitramza861: The positive changes happen quickly, too. Keto saved my life.
  10. @codinginflow: Don't forget that it prevents tooth decay
  11. @tammy707: Is there a plan to follow?
  12. @pcbondart: Gotta love our FDA! they say everything in the grocery store is just fine to eat, we have an obesity epidemic (no panic and propaganda like for covid, haha) so now we have $1000 a month weight loss shots you just take for life!
  13. @mayeer-v7n: Incredible results shared here! It's inspiring to see how keto can be a life-changing tool for so many, especially those struggling with chronic health issues. Keep sharing your knowledge, Dr. Berry; you're making a real difference!
  14. @foxy_scales9: I just start my keto diet journey to lose weight
  15. @princeavion8674: Beautiful
  16. @MarkRodriguez-l4m: Crazy watching your old videos. Dude you reversed your age like 10 years at the least
  17. @ryanbarroga7384: Doc are canned sardines  can be eaten in a carnivore diet or no?
  18. @Richard-pt4vf: Dr. Ken Berry saved
My life 😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊
  19. @vmjorgensen15: Also can I have coffee & tea, how much water do I need to drink?
  20. @vmjorgensen15: Do we need to exercise with keto diet ?

- Top 10 Ways The Keto Diet Will Change Your Life Beyond Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en hello health champions whether you've done a Keto or low-carb diet for a good while or whether you're just beginning you probably know that it can help with weight loss and things like that but I want to get into and talk about some of the other things of how profoundly the keto diet can change your life coming right on hey I'm Dr. Ekberg I'm a holistic doctor and a former Olympic decathlete and if you want to truly master health by understanding how the body really works make sure you subscribe and hit that notification bell so you don't miss anything keto is a form of a low carb diet and ketosis is when we cut the carbs so low that the body has no choice but to start burning fat as the predominant fuel and that's a good thing and keto has become a catchphrase for a movement that's about so much more than just weight loss but when critics look at it and they're asking does it work all they're really asking is can you lose weight just like they look at any diet out there because that's all people seem to care about is can you lose weight we've heard oh you have this problem because you're overweight and they always have it backwards but asking if it works like that is such a shallow point of view it doesn't look into health aspects or how the body is supposed to work human diets have changed more in the last 50 years than they have in the previous 50 thousand and as a result we have distorted we have destroyed our a lot of our metabolic functions and kido is about restoring that fundamental function in the body throughout our existence humans have relied primarily on fat for fuel but we've lost it and now we have to relearn that it's about restoring metabolic flexibility that we can get energy from fat protein and carbohydrate and if your body is metabolically flexible it doesn't matter which one we do in the short-term the body functions well on either one I want to go over ten ways that keto and low-carb will change your life that a lot of people don't think about but make sure you stay with me because right after that we'll talk about what you have to give up in order to reap this benefits but they're not going to be what you think the first way it can change your life is freedom from hunger you will be able to get 12 16 18 24 hours between meals and food won't control you anymore instead of having hunger be a major factor of your life it'll be out of your life number two instead of designing your life around your weight how about freedom from fighting body weight always eating until you're full never worrying about calories eating without guilt and how about exercising for the joy of it how about just going out for a walk and enjoy nature instead of worrying about how many calories you're burning number three is freedom from food running your schedule most people get up in the morning and they have to have breakfast but they're in a hurry so they get something quick instead of something nutritious and satisfying they say I have to get some lunch before I crash I've worked a couple of hours but I won't be able to go unless I have some lunch I've been running errands for two three hours now where can I get some food or I know I'll be busy for a few hours I'd better eat first so I don't crash so many people schedule their life around food number four is stable energy that just keeps going and going and going so you could go for a two-hour walk and not worry about bringing snacks or anything to eat very often I'll get up in the morning on a nice day and I won't have breakfast and go out work in the yard and I get so caught up that I don't think about food and I realized that six hours later I haven't had anything but it's not a problem because my body has stable energy from fat number five how about only eating things that taste good no more of oh I know it's dry and boring I know it tastes like sawdust but I've heard it too good for you alright give that up you can eat only rich and satisfying food you can douse it in olive oil and butter you can learn to make rich sauces like hollandaise and Bearnaise and garlic butter with virtually every meal whether it's vegetables or meat just douse it in rich satisfying sauces benefit number six is better sleep because when you are fat burning your blood sugar stabilizes and unstable blood sugar is the number one cause for sleep disturbances you will also stabilize all your other hormones because insulin is the number one disrupter of all other hormones and on a ketogenic diet your insulin and your blood sugar is stable the seventh way it will change your life is through better cognition better focus and clarity because insulin resistance unstable blood sugar it starves the brain the brain can't get the fuel properly and ketones from fat burning is a better fuel for the brain not only is it a better brain fuel but it's stable it doesn't run out the way glucose does and also with ketones you have less shrinkage because high blood sugar shrinks the brain faster number eight is better immune function because you get a better gut flora you get a healthier bacterial flora where a lot of your immune system is because sugar fee the pathogens and upsets that balance so by relying more heavily on fat then you're not getting the blood sugar swings and you're not feeding the pathogens all that sugar and starch authophagy is a very powerful immune booster and on a low-carb lifestyle you will spend much more time in autophagy for two reasons first because when your blood sugar is lower to start with you'll get into autophagy much much quicker but also because you're relying more on fat and satiating foods you will eat fewer meals so you spend much longer time in Autophagy maybe you can even say bye-bye to colds I've been more or less low carbs for over ten years but since I got more strict and more consistent with a low carb lifestyle I haven't even had a sniffle in three to four years number nine is longevity you're going to live longer your mitochondria will up regulate your cells will burn fuel cleaner you'll have slower cell division your cells can only live through a fixed number of divisions and sugar and insulin insulin is a mitogenic hormone it increases the speed of cell division so by reducing insulin you're also slowing down cell division benefit number 10 that besides weight loss you're also gonna reduce 95% of all chronic disease things like diabetes and heart disease and cancer and Stroke the risk of getting any of those are going to be much much lower so those are ten of the life-changing transforming benefits that you can get from getting your body back to the way it's supposed to work but obviously you have to give something up you have to change something and there's three things in particular and they may not be what you think the number one thing you have to give up is you have to give up your old notion of food you have to forget what people have told you what society has can in you to beliebe food is there's about 50,000 items in the average stores they shelf about 50,000 items and in my opinion there may be hundred there are actual food that means there's basically nothing in this picture that is food you go into a store and almost everything that you see it's not food if the earth made it and if it's a single ingredient then chances are its food but virtually everything in this picture is gonna contain sugar white flour and war vegetable oils and scary that 60 to 70 percent of all the calories consumed in the United States and most countries are following close behind are from these three absolutely useless non foods on top of that they also contain chemicals and preservatives and artificial flavors and colorings and so forth and that's the number one thing we have to give up just because our culture says it's food just because most people think of it as food does not mean it's food get rid of it the second thing we have to give up is our fear of fats because there's nothing wrong with fats even though we've been told for 50 60 years that fat causes disease and fat is evil and has too many calories there's nothing wrong with it except man-made fats if we process them if they're artificial if they're not the way nature made them then that makes them bad fat so the bad fats are vegetable oils because there's no such thing there is no oil made from a vegetable they're made from seeds and beans and grains and so forth trans fats are the worst abomination of fats and they occur in margarine so these have gone very much out of style fortunately but don't be fooled if something says partially hydrogenated the bottle the pack can say zero grams of trans fats and still have trans fats in it they're just talking about less than one gram per serving and rancid fats are where we get a lot in processed foods because these foods sit around for a long time when we get the fat through fresh food then if the food is fresh then the fat is fresh but if it sits on a shelf forever then a lot of those fats oxidize and go rancid and now they're quite toxic and the third thing we want to give up is the way we think about good or bad food we want someone to decide for us well what about this item which camp do we put it in is it good or bad it's more about the quality if it comes from nature then the quality is generally good so there are good fats and there are bad fats they're a good meat and there is bad meat so if the animals grew up like this then it's gonna be healthy meat but if the animal grew up in a CAFO eating grain and antibiotics then that's a bad fat that's a bad meat it's not about fish it's about good fish or bad fish did the fish live wild and it eat things innate for its species or did it live in a farm where it was fed all kinds of chemicals there are good veggies and there's bad veggies there's things that are good for you and they're things that we're the same thing would be really bad for someone else one man's food is another man's poison so first we have to look at the quality and then we have to start figuring out what mix of these and what specific things are good for us versus the things that we specifically might want to avoid the keto and low carb movement have gotten a very strong and devoted following but it's not a religion it's a physiological principle it's about restoring metabolic flexibility and the good news that once you have done this once you have undone the bad adaptation and you've spent a couple of years being metabolically flexible then it's very very stable you can't undo it overnight it takes years it takes decades to mess it up again so once you got there now you could eat 50 grams of carbs one day or maybe a hundred occasionally and you will feel the same your body knows what to do with that fuel it takes the carbs and it turns it into glycogen and into fat but you're not gonna have blood sugar that's all over the place you're not gonna have mood swings your body knows what to do with that so many people in keto they focus all on the macros they say that well you have to have less than 5% carbs and so much protein and the rest from fat but frequency in my opinion is even more important than the macros but once you do those macros initially then you become fat adapted and then it's easy to reduce the frequency so they kind of go hand in hand but it's really more about the frequency to allow that metabolic flexibility and then all the benefits that we talked about these life-changing things they are possible but they're not guaranteed a lot of people will notice all of them and some people will notice a few or maybe none it doesn't mean that this doesn't work it just means there's more to the picture that metabolic flexibility and fat-burning and low insulin is necessary but it may not be sufficient there may be other things that are causing your particular problems and that's why we have so many videos on this channel that you can keep learning and exploring and understanding how the body really works and get to your health goals eventually if you enjoyed this video and you'd like to learn more you'll probably love that one thank you so much for watching I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @drekberg [28 likes]: 🔷 Watch This Next: Keto Long Term? Is The Keto Diet Dangerous? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y56dOMtSYAY&list=PLpTTF6wMDLR5EEi0BfBp2P7I5FyQKjaSd 
or How To Do Keto Right https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bckjCW4_XnI&list=PLpTTF6wMDLR5EEi0BfBp2P7I5FyQKjaSd
  2. @mimmeisinger4926 [8 likes]: In the last 20 years, I have starved myself to death. Yes, I lost every 4 years 35 kilograms of weight, but it returned. And I was always hungry 🥲
Now I understand that's not my weight is the problem,  it is my insulin resistance! 
Since April 2023 I do the 
"Dr Eckberg eating" and it worked so well.  My fasting blood sugar drops and stays stable. My diabetes type 2 is getting better. I don't need Medformin enymore. 
It was the first time in my life that I enjoyed good fatty foods. No hunger showed up. Most of the time, I eat ONCE a day. (And I lost 13 kg weights)
Don't be scared about not eating carbs. Look up what you can eat and how satisfying it is 👍🏻
Try it if you're in insulin resistance! 🌷
Greetings from Germany 👋🏻🇩🇪
  3. @KetoCookbooksCorner [3 likes]: It's fascinating to discover the wide-ranging impact the keto diet can have on overall well-being. Thank you for sharing these insightful and motivating points!
  4. @yoankapadron5129 [2 likes]: Thanks!
  5. @2009raindrop [1 likes]: Freedom from hunger is the first thing I noticed and it is great! I love not having to be cleaning up the kitchen all day LOL.
  6. @SP4RAPTURE [1 likes]: Im on day 3 of low carb, had a big drop in weight , 12 pounds !!!!!!   What an amazing shock 🎉🎉🎉🎉
  7. @professorwinstonanderson8593 [1 likes]: Can you do a video of autophagy and mental health?
  8. @2RANbit [1 likes]: I got the picture. It has become such a habit that fat to think of fat as something bad in a diet that it is labled as maleficient and is to be avoided at any cost. Such a stubborn, notorious view and emphasis!
Why, many so-called carbohydrates used these days can be way worse!
So, instead of condemning fats, we should be prepared to have a look at where LCHF might be able to get us rather than carbs and protein.
Who knows, maybe there are some implications fat can handle which carbohydrates can not.
Alright! it looks as if fat may possibley have a good influence on brain activity... I wonder if that is the case. Carbs on themselves seem to be insufficient. I assume there must be a video detailing recommendable sorts of fat?
  9. @jsundb02: I'm on week 3 doing keto tomorrow. Where is the calm??? I thinking more about about food allot around 15. I'm trying to not eat after 15. It's getting harder not easier. I'm having egg and bacon coffe with cream for breakfast around 6 to 7.  Sardines är egg for lunch around 12. Everything feels fine till about 15 or 16. But the rest of the evening my thoughts go to food, I drink water that helps for an hour, water water ... What am I doing wrong.
  10. @aitoolcorner: I did keto and even carnivore for long periods of time but never got any of these benefits 🤷‍♂️ 
No appetite suppression, no increase in mental or physical energy, nothing. 
On the contrary, overeating was even easier on keto because of the calorie-dense foods.
  11. @Chelseak911: So true! I used to be ravenous all the time but ever since I started a keto I feel like I’m actually comfortable between meals. I feel hunger, but it’s not so intense that I can’t put it off for a while. A lot of times when people start a diet they say things like, this diet has changed my relationship with food. This diet has changed my relationship with myself! I’m not chasing sugar and glucose all day. I don’t feel guilty about what I’m eating. I haven’t felt this free in a long time.
  12. @dhern012: My labs restored to normal after keto and I am no longer in need of medications. It has increased my quality of life.
  13. @PijanySmok: Also Keto reduces alcohol cravings
  14. @merlinwizard1000: 416th, 3 April 2025
  15. @christinaxhoot: No longer a slave to food 🥑🥝❤
  16. @purpletulip1688: Dr Ekberg's videos are my favourites. I listened to him everyday over and over again.
  17. @PedroGarcia-yb8kx: Why that picture on number 10?
  18. @Vicky76b: Amazing!! Love this freedom!
  19. @Mcqlfc: I've been on the diet for 4 months and never felt better. I've lost 2.5 st although I've hit the wall and had no loss or gain for a month. But I feel so much better!!
  20. @therese3960: 👏👏👏

- My Life Changing 100 Pound Keto Weight Loss Story: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I don't think anybody knows the sadness and despair being obese causes until they've experienced it. My self-worth was directly tied to my weight since I was 12 years old. I made sure that you knew that I knew I was fat when you met me. Being self-deprecating was my way of being funny, but it also became a part of who I was. If anyone tried to take my picture, I would smile. But inside, I felt so embarrassed about my weight. My smile was not real. If you would have asked me whether or not I would have been fat on my wedding day, I would have said, "Of course not." I dreamed of how I would look on my wedding day, just like everybody else does. But the reality was, I did not lose the weight. I can look back now and accept that I was fat on my wedding day. But I remember feeling extremely disappointed in myself for not following through again. I've tried every diet or gimmick under the sun over the last 23 years to lose weight. I'll admit most of these attempts lasted anywhere from an hour to a couple of months. Regardless of how many times I dieted over the years, I continued to gain weight. Sometimes I would ask myself, "What if I never lose weight? What if I die never experiencing anything other than being obese and out of shape? I've tried keto countless times in the past and I always went back to eating carbs. I know now that I was and am a carb addict. But my twin sister's wedding was motivation for me to try keto again. She was determined to lose as much weight as possible and I didn't want to be obviously bigger than her on her wedding day. So, I started keto again on January 19th, 2019. But this time, I stuck to it. The weight came off slowly compared to how fast I lost weight in the past, but I kept going. I made hard decisions. I said no about a thousand times. My cravings for carbs and sugar started to fade. I learned to cook amazing low carb meals from scratch. I found myself losing anywhere from a pound to even 2 lbs a week. And by the time spring rolled around, I felt motivated to start up old hobbies. I spent time outside for the first time in years. I grew veggies and beautiful flowers in my backyard. I noticed I no longer got hot outside, even when it was 90°. My life was changing. By the time my sister's wedding came around, I weighed in at 189 lb. [Applause] I felt the most confident I ever had before. While I used to hide in pictures, I found myself enjoying having my picture taken at Sarah's wedding. Throughout my weight loss journey, there were several weeks that I lost nothing, but overall, my weight continued to go down. I went from a size extra large to a size small. When I look at myself now, I still can't believe what I'm seeing most of the time. I can actually fit in clothes now and shopping is fun. All I know is for the first time in my life, I feel good about myself. Sure, I still have flaws just like everybody else does, and I still would like to lose another 20 lb, but it's all gravy from here. My starting weight was 262 lb, and today I weigh in at 168 lb. I am no longer obese. My weight is considered normal for the first time in my life. If you're struggling with weight loss right now, just know that if I can do it, anybody can. Just take it one day at a time, one meal at a time. Keep on going. Don't focus on how long it's going to take you to lose the weight. You have to focus on how far you've come already. Momentum builds momentum. Time is going to pass whether you're on this diet or not. But if you stay true to the diet, one day you're going to wake up and you're going to be so far into your ketogenic journey that you're not going to be able to go back to the way that you were living your life before. And the next time someone asks you to smile for a picture, it will be for real.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ketotwins [84 likes]: Want more motivation? Watch this video next! -https://youtu.be/BqCFKbWeTgI
  2. @sarahclark78 [1 likes]: I went from saying " I can't give up bread and potatoes permanently but I will try it for a week and see", to five years and five weeks as a Ketovore. Not a single slice of bread has passed my lips in that time. The knowledge of how the Keto lifestyle works and why has been key to my weight loss. Now I need encouragement and motivation to finally get to my goal weight
  3. @ElisaFrye-v6c: I have tears in my eyes for your grief and disappointment on your wedding day even while thinking how beautiful you really were. So now both of you are able to enjoy having your picture taken EVERY DAY’  IM turning 93 in 2 months…and thanks to you two and very Low Carb I went from 178 to my current healthy weight  of 149 in 7 months of gritted-teeth determination, all the while watching your videos, once at least every day and many days more than once’ Your recipes have been a huge help, and so has your shared intelligence and humor’ My own two daughters have always been active and have always been tall and slim adults—sometimes it makes them hard to love—JOKE)—but they are my inspiration just as you are’ ( PS’’’I hope my post has inspired other Granny-Agers to know that good health doesn’t have to be limited by our ages’ 😋💞💃🏻🎼❤️
  4. @Kathysart: I cried the whole time watching this. When my precious husband and HS sweetheart passed almost 4 years ago, I started eating. I was filling that hole and loss. After that I isolated myself. I never go out unless I absolutely have to. I am lost without my husband. I’m invisible. I miss him and cry constantly.. still. I am an artist but I don’t do art. I don’t do anything, He left me with stacks of canvases, clay and everything an artist might need. I don’t do art though. I have realized no one is coming to rescue me. I need to rescue myself. So anyway, I made a shopping list after watching a lot of your videos. I related to the pain on your face.  Pain is subjective. I’m not the only one. But recovery can be subjective too. 
I love you both.  
Thank you.
  5. @FreeSpeech1959: Really well done, but always remember that you were always a lovely person.
  6. @dorothyconner4336: I needed this in year 2025
  7. @craigfowler7098: Fantastic inspirational story. I have managed to lose 22lbs so far, another 33lbs to go. I am already out of obese category. I have more energy and sleep better already.
  8. @Martha.rose2000: This is so inspiring! Thank you! :)
  9. @vuittongirl1: ❤ you are both an inspiration !
  10. @robertrains7029: I've been on keto for a week as of today
  11. @fayebogard2174: Good job ❤🎉🎉🎉
  12. @fayebogard2174: Give me a break you weren't even fat when you got married I'm 310 lb that's fat 
😂
  13. @nancyweisser3910: Thank you for sharing you. You are sweet and beautiful. You both can be very proud of yourselves🎉
  14. @Oguzhan-28-USA: Great story? Curious to learn if you have exercised during your diet and what was your routine for practice, if applicable? Thank you.
  15. @skee6706: I am in tear watching this.  I can totally relate to your pain.  Started having health issues and being in the medical industry I saw first hand what happens when a so called doctor gets a hold of you.  So three years ago I decided to take charge and go keto (only diet where I feel really good on)  I was 180/ 5'6"/66 years old.  I am now 151 and have stalled but I will not give up.  If I was there I would give you a great big hug.  I love watching your videos.  They give me some great ideas.  GREAT JOB ! ! ! !
  16. @natashaseveau9874: ❤❤❤
  17. @channelingme: You looked beautiful on your wedding day!
  18. @rhondatinis5961: You are just beautiful !
  19. @lookinsideandawaken: Wonderful story and transformation, you and your sister both look great and I'm so happy you have a supportive husband. I love how down to earth and real your videos are. I'm a new subscriber to your channel. I'm staying the course on a similar journey, went from 230lbs. to 155lbs. I'm back up to 170lbs. but now I know how to get it off. I'm looking forward to trying some of your recipes. Best wishes to both of you.
  20. @tammyslash7251: Both so beautiful and very helpful!!  Thank you both so much❤❤❤

- The Keto Psychiatrist: What Keto Is Really Doing To Your Body! Can It Cure 43% Of Mental Illness?: Kind: captions Language: en most people will experience tremendous reductions in anxiety within 3 Days To 3 weeks of starting a ketogenic diet in fact we did a study where patients with bipolar disorder major depression or schizophrenia tried the ketogenic diet and 43% achieved clinical remission from their chronic mental illness and 64% of them left un less psychiatric medication because it improves the balance of chemicals in the brain but the question is what's causing those chemical imbalances in the first place and so let's start there Dr Georgia e is a Harvard train psychiatrist who specializes in nutritional science and mental health she was one of the first psychiatrists to offer nutrition-based approaches as an alternative to psychiatric medications to optimize brain function and enhance performance people need to know how powerful nutrition strategies can be for the brain because if you're feeding at the wrong way things will go wrong and that's exactly what happened to me my health was declining in my early 40s in ways that is true for a lot of my patients chronic fatigue and IBS being really anxious and depressed and so I did all kinds of tests they said there's nothing wrong of course there was something wrong so I instinctively started experimenting with my diet and the diet that I ended up on was backwards from what we're told is healthy for us it should theoretically kill me but it result every single one of my symptoms and so I studied for years learning things about food that most people don't know and which foods contain the nutrients the brain needs or the ingredients that damage the brain and found three principles of nutrition they can help you in ways no medicine can as well as improved mood memory concentration stamina productivity so let's unpack that this has always blown my mind a little bit 53% of you that listen to the show regularly haven't yet subscribed to the show so could I ask you for a favor before we start if you like the show and you like what we do here and you want to support us the free simple way that you can do just that is by hitting the Subscribe button and my commitment to you is if you do that then I'll do everything in my power me and my team to make sure that this show is better for you every single week we'll listen to your feedback we'll find the guest that you want me to speak to and we'll continue to do what we do thank you so much Dr Georg Eid how do you define what what it is you do I am a psychiatrist specializing in nutritional and metabolic Psychiatry so how food affects the brain and how food affects brain metabolism and how brain metabolism affects our mental health this is a fairly new phrase metabolic Psychiatry am I right in thinking that yes it's a really it's a very new field and really exciting field uh the the term itself was coined by Dr Shabani Sethi who's a metabolic psychiatrist at Stanford University and maybe five years ago or so maybe a little longer than that so it's a very very new field it's even newer than the other exciting New Field in Psychiatry which is nutritional Psychiatry and so and this is a really exciting time to be a psychiatrist uh and it's also a really exciting time or a hopeful time an empowering time for people with mental health conditions because we're finally able to explore um root causes the real root causes the deeper root causes of mental health conditions that go beyond things like what we're told all the time which are these mysterious chemical imbalances you know that need to be addressed with medication We Now understand that the real drivers the primary drivers of mental health conditions are inflammation of the brain something called oxidative stress which is why we're always told to eat more anti oxidants and insulin resistance or pre-diabetes which is now affects more than 90% of Americans in your work you talk a lot about the ketogenic diet why is that so prevalent in your work was the ketogenic diet energizes the brain differently so it it really fundamentally changes the brain's operating system so when you switch from a high carbohydrate High insulin diet to a low insulin which is us a low carbohydrate diet ketogenic diet the way that cells uh receive energy the the mixture of fuels that they're using changes and that has profound influences on just about every pathway just about every chemical pathway inside of that cell so it is as though you are fundamentally changing the brain's operating system uh in very healthy ways that allow not brain cells not only to work better but for uh but for brain cells to heal so the longer you stay on a ketogenic diet the more healing the more brain healing can take place and what is your sort of academic and career experience what's that can you run me through that sort of timeline yeah so I uh got a degree an undergraduate degree at Carlton College in Minnesota in biology so I always have loved science and biology understanding how things work and uh then for years I worked as a laboratory research assistant different types of research labs around the world Boston Munich including in diabetes research until I figured out what I wanted to do and I decided that I wanted to go to medical school so then four years of medical school at the University of Vermont in Burlington Vermont which is a great place to go to medical school and then four years of Psychiatry residency training um at a Harvard program called Cambridge hospital in Cambridge Massachusetts and then so that was 25 years ago that I finished my Psychiatry residency training and I've been practicing uh Psychiatry ense and what does practicing Psychiatry involve what it usually involves for most psychiatrists is psychotherapy and medications and for some psychiatrists only medications some psychiatrists prefer to focus exclusively on psychopharmacology or medication management there are some psychiatrists who choose to focus only on psychotherapy and and and don't prescribe medications but the vast majority of psychiatrists offer a combination of both medications and Psychotherapy and when did nutrition become part of your career well I I never thought about the relationship between food and the Brain once um during medical school we had maybe two or three hours worth of nutrition lectures in four years and in four years of Psychiatry residency we didn't talk about food in the brain once so I honestly had no idea how important it was to to brain health uh so I practiced conventionally as I was saying you know medications and Psychotherapy for the first 10 years of my practice and as much as I loved my work I it was becoming painfully obvious that most people in my practice were just not getting that much better like no matter how hard I tried um and and it wasn't just true for me you know it wasn't as though I was thinking well you know I don't have an maybe I don't have enough experience or maybe I not reading enough or maybe I need more supervision um when am I going to be able to really be able to help people because when I looked around even very senior psychiatrists who had been in practice for decades the same was true for them I mean we had we've been taught to think of mental illnesses as chronic mysterious and incurable and that the best way you can help people is to support them with medications and Psychotherapy and uh but but that these are lifelong illnesses that we really don't understand very well and that we can do very little about because you there's like a significant social component to mental illnesses as well right absolutely I mean the brain the brain is a very responsive organ and it's listening to uh it's not just paying attention to the food you eat it's paying attention to every aspect of your life how much light the brain receives how much love you have in your life how how much you love your work what kinds of people are around you um how you use your body exercise stress um everything everything matters to the brain but most people are led to believe that food doesn't matter that much to the brain and that's partly because we've only recently started to think about it but the other piece um is that the information that we're given about how to feed the brain and the body properly is incorrect and so when people are trying their best to improve their mental health using nutritional strategies those strategies fail most people because those strategies are grounded in the wrong information and so a lot of people just think oh well you know I I tried eating more Whole Foods or right I tried uh you know I tried putting blueberries on my oatmeal or making my flax seed smoothie every morning or uh eating more plants than animals I tried all of those things and they just didn't help very much so I'm just going to go back to eating everything in moderation um because it doesn't seem to matter but what's really great about you inviting me here to talk with you today is that people need to know how powerful and intervention uh these nutrition strategies can be they can help you in ways no medicine can in days to weeks in many cases people can experience meaningful Improvement to their mood their memory their concentration their stamina their productivity um and and their their mental stability their their effectiveness in their lives if they have the right information about how to change their diet so you have to know which changes are the ones that are worth making and they're not the ones we're used to hearing about is there a particular case study that comes to mind when you think about this is there a most prominent case study or a first case study that was a Eureka moment VI I wouldn't say there was a Eureka moment case in my life because I came to it a in a different way uh my Eureka moment really came through my own personal experience I think a lot of Physicians who uh practice nutritional and metabolic strategies most of us stumble into this work accidentally because we're not taught it and most of us stumble into it either because a patient comes to us and says hey you know I've tried this new way of eating and that's why I'm so much healthier than when you saw me a year ago or the The Physician themselves encounters their own health challenges you know uses the conventional nutrition approaches they don't help and they find that they're kind of left to their own devices to solve their own health problems and that's exactly what happened to me so when I was experiencing all kinds of uh health issues in my early 40s despite doing everything correctly you know eating uh low fat low cholesterol calorie restricted diet um uh that was high in fiber uh mostly Whole Foods and exercising religiously despite doing all of those things my health was declining in my early 40s in ways that was true for a lot of my patients as well and I had no idea how to help my patients with these issues these were things like chronic fatigue and IBS and fibromyalgia and migrain headaches very common in middle-aged people and older and even younger people nowadays so when I encountered those issues and I was working at Harvard at the time I had access to all kinds of Specialists caring intelligent thorough they did all kinds of tests all kinds of tests and they said everything is normal there's something wrong but I I so I instinctively started experimenting with my diet uh and long story short short 6 months later trial and error changes food and symptom Journal at the end of 6 months and this was back in [Music] 2007 um the diet that I ended up on Purely by trial and error was almost upside down and backwards from what we're told as healthy for us and that was the diet that resolved every single one of my physical health symptoms but as a psychiatrist what really got my attention was that it improved my mental health significantly and I wasn't even trying I wasn't even aware that my mental health needed that much attention I think like most people I was walking around with suboptimal mental health you know more anxiety than was necessary than was I you know I slumping in the middle of the day brain energy you know faltering a couple of hours after lunch coming home at the end of the day and and being completely spent and not being able to get anything else done after 5:00 being really anxious on Sunday night before Monday morning work um you know being depressed in the winter time I mean all of these things we think of as really normal we've come to expect so little of our mental health we've come to expect poor mental health as normal and it isn't uh if you feed the brain properly it works better and you can expect so much more of yourself so when that happened to me I thought well that's interesting this diet seems to be good for the brain which diet was that this was a mostly meat low carbohydrate low fiber low cholesterol high fat diet no whole grains no legumes very few plant Foods mostly Seafood meat poultry non-starchy vegetables and fats from Whole Foods it really was as simple as that and a Diet similar to that is um uh one of the starting places in the book so I have a variety of different dietary strategies people can explore in the book not just one so it's different places for people to grab on depending on what they feel comfortable doing but that but that way of eating resolved all of my physical issues and mental health issues I wasn't even aware needed attention and that that really was what inspired me to begin studying nutrition I certainly did not out and start recommending this dietary pattern to my patients that would have been Reckless I didn't know the first thing about nutrition and based on the little that I did know the diet that I had ended up on should theoretically kill me so it could be dangerous for people and so I studied for years independently took a graduate course at the Harvard School of Public Health and studied independently read everything I get my hands on studied the the primary literature the actual scientific studies to try to understand okay why why is red meat bad for us what's the difference between red meat and white meat why are whole grains good for us why are whole grains good for us but refined grains are bad for us why do we need a rainbow of fruits and vegetables uh are some of them more important than others are they all equally beneficial I mean all I just became so curious about food I really wanted to get to the bottom of it so for years I studied nutrition and fell in love with nutrition science and um it's a lot of what I share in the book is all these fascinating things about food that most people don't know um and that can really such as that it's interesting it's useful it's empowering because if you understand which foods contain the nutrients the brain needs which foods contain the ingredients that damage the brain which foods are going to damage brain metabolism and cause inflammation and cause oxidative stress cause all these things that we're told we need to fight with supplements and superfoods um that's the real power the real power in dietary change is not adding special things to the diet it's actually subtracting the things that are harming the brain and working against your best efforts it's it's it's just like anything you know you don't make money by spending money you make money by by not spending money right so it it's the power of subtraction what are you not doing um and that's really Step One is first Do no harm understand where the harm is coming from in the diet because it's not where you think it's coming from it's not coming from the red meat it's not coming from the cholesterol it's not coming from the saturated fat so if you understand where the damage is coming from then you can turn things around very quickly you used a word there you used the word explore um as it relates to different diets that you've written about in your book and that you know that are available online I from what I understood there you're not saying that one diet is the right diet for everybody you're saying that it's almost the word explore suggests sort of experimentation personal experimentation and what worked for you in that case might not necessarily work for someone else in a different situation is that accurate that's exactly right and you're bringing up a really important Point Stephen which is that there are two levels of dietary knowledge so one is that there are fundamental nutrition principles that apply to all human beings these are the rules the cells require these nutrients um and you must consume foods that provide those nutrients to those cells and you must exclude these certain ingredients that can damage those cells and you must keep your glucose and insulin levels in in the right range for your personal metabolism you have to you have to nourish protect and energize yourselves you must do that but then beyond that so so those rules and and the rules that you have to follow to to get there are not are not not commonly known but then beyond that there's the personalization right because we are all different we're not different in what our cells need but we're different in what we can tolerate we're different in our metabolic Health we we're different in how old we are how active we are what um what conditions we we already have what conditions we're most at risk for what our goals are what our preferences are what and and whether we have food sensitivities for example um and so all of those pieces you know food intolerances and and different different goals and different aspects of our of Our Lives that's where the personalization comes in and I teach people in the book how to take these fundamental principles so I teach them what the fundamental principles are which are very simple nutrition is not rocket science um and and then show them how to personalize it to their metabolism to their preferences to their goals what are the fundamental principles let's start there so the fundamental principles are nourish protect energize so nourish what does a brain healthy diet look like and by brain healthy uh we are talking about what's healthy for all cells because it wouldn't make any sense to uh for the human body to require different diet for every organ you possess so a brain healthy diet is a diet that's healthy for every organ in the body so it's good for the brain it's good for the heart it's good for the liver Etc so what is a brain healthy diet it needs to nourish protect and energize nourish it must contain and be able to safely deliver all essential nutrients to your cells so you have to know where those nutrients are you cannot and using Whole Food principles and not including supplements or specially fortified processed foods you cannot meet that goal without including some animal Foods in your diet that's just the truth of our biology protect protect the brain from damaging ingredients so what damages the brain inflammation which you can't see or feel it's not as so the brain is red or swollen or sore you we the brain doesn't have nerve endings but many many people have brain inflammation without being aware of it that's a main driver of depression and all kinds of other brain conditions so you need to exclude protection is not about addition it's about subtraction you need to subtract the foods from your diet that cause inflammation that caus something called oxidative stress which is why we're always told to eat more antioxidants what we really need to be told is what's causing all that oxidative stress in the first place and remove those things because the antioxidant strategy really doesn't work and energize nourish protect energize the third principle is energize which means the brain which is a very high energy electrical organ it needs a constant supply of high quality Quality Clean burning energy and if you're eating the wrong way your brain will not will gradually lose its ability over time to generate energy that's primarily about getting your glucose and insulin levels into a healthy range not just your glucose although getting your glucose levels in a healthy range is extremely important you have to go one step further because underneath that glucose you need to know what's happening with insulin and that's that's a really EMP powering strategy sort of Next Level right so getting your glucose and insulin levels down will allow your brain to uh uh to energize itself in the most clean efficient um and reliable way possible nourish protect and energize and then beyond there you said there's a level above there so that's the sort of fundamental level Beyond there you go into sort of personalization what's best for you and is that where the sort of trial and error comes into play exactly so these principles nourish protect energize the nourish you need to include some animal Foods the protect you need to exclude things like refined carbohydrates and vegetable oils uh which are the signature ingredients of the standard American diet or standard Western diet um and the the energize is is the the glucose and insulin levels which for some people this is some a level of personalization begins here at the energized piece because if you have excellent metabolic health and we can talk about what that means then you may not need to eat a ketogenic diet to to properly n to to really get those glucose and insulin levels under control and thoroughly energize your brain cells but if you have significant metabolic damage if you're sedentary if you're older if you have pre-diabetes or type 2 diabetes um then you may need to reduce the amount of carbohydrate in your diet even from Whole Foods you may even need to go to a ketogenic level and and that's where that's where assessing your metabolic Health understanding where you stand on the insulin resistant Spectrum the spectrum of metabolic Health that's the empowering piece because if you know where you stand on the insulin resistance spectrum and you can get your glucose and insulin levels into a healthy range you then you have tremendous power over your emotional intellectual and your and your physical health future it's really the number one risk factor for almost all chronic diseases mental and physical so personalization starts with a metabolic personalization so how much carbohydrate can you safely tolerate that's one example but then there's another level of personalization that has to do with how well does your immune system work how how good is how how robust is your gut function your gut barrier many of us have lost our ability to safely and comfortably tolerate a wide variety of foods that we should be able to tolerate and that's because our environment multiple multiple toxins in the environment are have broken down a lot of our defenses our gut barrier bloodb brain barrier uh and and our immune system has become overwhelmed by trying to process lots of toxic ingredients in our environment so these are things like Plastics and pesticides and antibiotics and um and and food additives and and all kinds of you know ultr processed foods that we were never designed to handle these are really stressful on the human body and they do break down our defenses over time so this level of personalization is very much about trial and error but to save people some of that frustration of trial and error approaches I I give them very specific lists of foods um that that are more likely to be culprits than others and so that helps cut back on some of the trial and error elimination this keto diet you um you did a study on the ketogenic diet got the study here the ketogenic diet for refractory mental illness a resp a retrospective analysis of 31 in patients what is the ketogenic diet for someone that might not know so a lot of people think or they've heard about a ketogenic diet as a weight loss diet um they think of it may maybe it's a fad weight loss diet um they think of it as a very very low carbohydrate diet they might think of it as a diet that's very high in meat and dairy products um and but actually the ketogenic diet was originally created in 1921 more than a hundred years ago to stabilize brain chemistry in children with severe seizures um and this was long before the availability of useful seizure medications so these were children who um uh were having multiple seizures per day in many cases and so the ketogenic diet was designed back then created back then a very strict version of the ketogenic diet um to get as close as possible to to fasting without Starving Children to death because for Millennia people had noticed that those with epilepsy would often improve if they were fasting but you can't fast forever so how do you get close to fasting this is the original fasting mimicking diet how do you get as close to fasting as you can while still providing some nutrition so that was the original goal of the ketogenic diet and was very successful for seizures more than 50% of children had more than 50% and and adults as well it's it's since been shown more than 50% response rate in children and and adults and 10 to 20% completely uh free of seizures following a ketogenic diet how is it acting on the brain what's it doing to the brain the ketogenic diet does many many things it's like a multi-purpose tool for brain health so one thing it does because we talked about how uh some of the root causes of mental illnesses which are only relatively recently a focus of research are inflammation and oxidative stress and insulin resistance the ketogenic diet reduces inflammation it reduces oxidative stress and it reduces insulin resistance uh it also improves the balance of chemicals in the brain so a lot of people think of um uh mental illnesses as problems with chemical imbalances in the brain and these are the chemicals that they're talking about you might have heard of Serotonin or dopamine or norepinephrine there are others glutamate Gaba many different chemicals in the brain are uh associated with or in some cases even very much uh causing mental health symptoms but the question is what's causing those chemical imbalances in the first place and uh one of the things that's causing those chemical imbalances is that inflammation and oxitive stress but another thing is that the brain is uh if you're feeding it the wrong way it will not be able to in many cases prod produce energy reliably and if it can't produce energy reliably all kinds of things will go wrong and in quite spectacular fashion what actually goes wrong is going to depend on who you are and that's where our individual differences come in so if I eat the if you and I exactly the same bad diet depending what runs in your family and how you've lived your life to this point you might develop Alzheimer's disease you might develop bipolar disorder you might develop type 2 diabetes you might develop fatty Li disease um I might develop completely different conditions I might I might develop um cardiovascular disease I might develop depression um I might develop um ADHD it and that's where the individual differences are but all of these conditions are just uh metabolic malfunction really at at the heart of it that's what's going on if cells aren't functioning properly you will develop a disease physical and mental diseases and which ones you get it's really kind of luck of the draw um but you have tremendous control over what you are at risk for if you understand how to help yourselves operate at their personal best can you tell me about what you learned in this study and what this study concluded yes so this was the work of my friend and colleague Dr Alber Dena he's a psychiatrist who's been practicing in tulo France for more than years so after witnessing a young family member someone in his extended family with autism and seizures improve within weeks of adopting a ketogenic diet he thought well I wonder if this diet could help my patients especially my patients who are not responding to anything else that I have tried to help them Psychotherapy medications hospitalization and so he invited 31 of his most treatment resistant patients with schizophrenia to come into the hospital and voluntarily try a very mildly ketogenic Whole Foods diet in the hospital under his supervision to see whether or not they would respond and this was these were folks who these are all adults these were people who had been ill for an average of 10 years some for as long as 30 years these were people who were taking when they came into the hospital at the beginning of the study an average of five psychiatric medications not at all unusual for people with chronic mental illness and all of them had one or more markers of poor metabolic health obesity high blood pressure high blood sugar things like that so these were people with poor metabolic health and poor Mental Health heal and they eagerly came into the hospital to try this intervention because nothing else had helped them and what was remarkable about what he observed was that of the 31 people 28 were able to stay on the ketogenic diet for more than two weeks which is what you need to do to start to see benefit every single one of them improved to the point that 43% of them achieved clinical remission from their primary psychiatric treatment resistant chronic mental illness and 64% of them left the hospital unless psychiatric medication and all of them improved metabolically as well and that you do not see results like this in conventional psychiatric care so there's a few things that spring to mind when you talk about the study the first is that they were inside a hospital yes so I guess that's a confounding Factor potentially oh yeah well a blessing and a curse yeah so a blessing is that um the diet was fair was was very carefully supervised six days out of seven they were allowed to go home on Sundays okay and which still I'm I'm just mentioning but that but they had tremendous amount of support and supervision and and that's that's really really helpful when you're switching from a standard High carbohydrate diet to a low carbohydrate diet they also had very careful medical and psychiatric supervision which is also really important uh because when you when you change to a ketogenic diet brain chemistry fundamentally changes in ways that can at first when you're transitioning from one operating mode to another operating mode it's it's stressful and sometimes you can feel worse before you feel better MH and medications can be affected so medications need to be monitored and everything everything changes these are all really healthy CH your blood sugar can drop your blood pressure can drop especially if you're taking blood sugar lowering medications or blood pressure lowering medications if you switch to a ketogenic diet it's so effective at lowering blood sugar many Physicians who prescribe blood sugar lowering medications for diabetes need to cut the diabetes medication in half on day one in order to prevent dangerously low blood sugar because you've got a medication that's lowering blood sugar now you've added a diet that lowers blood sugar and this could be potentially dangerous the diet on its own is not dangerous it's the diet in combination with medications so you need to know what you're doing and so yes in the case of these um 31 adults so a certain proportion of them was it 28 that managed to see 28 31 283 had I just restricted their calories for example but kept them on whatever diet they were on would I have seen an improvement as well that study has not been done to the best of my knowledge however you're bringing up a really interesting point so what a ketogenic diet is it's really not about carbohydrate the definition of a ketogenic diet is any diet that lowers insulin levels uh to the fat burning point so that if your insulin you can't burn fat if your insulin levels are too high and most people are walking around with insulin levels that are high 24 hours a day they don't even come down overnight because people are just eating too much too frequently in the wrong foods to get into ketosis or generate ketones you need to lower your insulin levels to the fat burning point and when you and if and if you're burning fat vigorously the liver will turn some of that fat chop that fat into ketones which are very small fragments of ready to burn fat and these cross easily into the into the brain and can be burned for energy and they can Bridge any energy gaps that may be there which many of us have if these people had done the Mediterranean diet would they have seen the same consequences the medit oh sorry say I imagine they were probably on the western diet that like the American diet which is ultra processed high sugar so bringing them into a controlled environment and just depriving them of that would have surely caused just that on its own would have been beneficial yes so I wrote in the paper I I I and I I mentioned this you're making a really excellent point and I addressed this in the paper is that because when you when you change from a standard junky modern diet to through a ketogenic diet that's Whole Foods you're changing a lot of variables right so how do we know that it had anything to do with the ketones right and and this is a good question and a fair question and we don't know the answer but new studies are helping us to understand that but before we get to that I just wanted to say the point you're making is so important because there are lots of ways to lower your insulin levels so you can lower your insulin levels through fasting intermittent fasting you can lower your insulin levels through exercise you can lower your insulin levels through calorie restriction if you restrict your calories below 750 gram per day many people will go into ketosis that's another version of a fasting mimicking diet made Popular by Dr wter Longo so there are many ways to lower your insulin levels um the ketogenic diet is just one way to do that but the ketogenic diet is the only way to safely sustainably maintain a state of ketosis longterm ter so you can initiate you can get into ketosis using these other strategies but it's it you can't fast forever you can't exercise all day long you can't restrict calories below 750 for the rest of your life but you can safely and comfortably eat a a well formulated ketogenic diet which is very low in carbohydrate moderate in protein not excessive in protein and relatively higher in fat depending on your energy needs indefinitely sustainably use the word sustainably that that's kind of always been my challenge with the keto diet is being able to stay on it I mean you saw in this particular study that even trying to get people to do it for two weeks resulted in some portion of them dropping out yes um why is it so hard to stay on the ketogenic diet I've managed to do it for I I was saying to you before we started recording once a year around this time of year I do it for about eight weeks and it has a really profound impact on a lot of my life it helps me feel more focused um my body composition radically changes faster than any other diet or thing that I've ever tried faster than just exercise Alone um I I sleep a little bit better as well I noticed but you've been doing it for a long time you've been doing it for roughly almost 10 years for the better part of TW I mean more often I'll say I've been following a ketogenic diet for 12 years and I agree with you it's not always easy I'm not perfect about it myself but I have been on the kog giant diet The Lion Share of the last 12 years it being hard is an important factor yes because when you're trying to prescribe it to somebody who is got you know treatment resistant depression or is really suffering in some way I imagine they'll find it even harder than I do yes and no okay so uh it's well it's definitely there's no question about it that's hard to eat a low carbohydrate diet in a high carbohydrate world yeah so there's that there's the environmental Temptations and the social Temptations and the habits and the addiction sugar addiction is a very real biochemical phenomenon so there's that but but it I mean I've been I I had a weight issue growing up everyone in my family did um and I've been on lots of different diets in my life this is the easiest one to stay on I can't say about any other diet that I've follow for 12 years and the reason why is this diet really stabilizes appetite hormones so your cells are getting energized in between meals you're not getting those spikes and crashes in glucose which cause spikes and crashes in appetite hormones satiety hormones stress hormones reproductive hormones uh brain chemistry um you're not getting you're not on that roller coaster anymore so your cells are are are being satisfied they're getting the energy needs satisfied in between meals and everything is quiet and calm on the inside it doesn't mean you're 100% protected against Temptation uh so I describe it to my patients with food addiction I describe being in ketosis as a suit of armor you know the sword can still get you but you but you know you're not 100% protected but you've got a real fighting chance and for for anybody who's never tried a ketogenic diet and been on it for at least I would say six to 12 weeks it most people have no idea how much easier it is um to follow to follow a healthy eating plan when their appetite is in good control a lot of people know they've shifted into ketosis without even checking their Ketone meter because they can go for so long without eating without even thinking about food they can work through lunch and not even realize that they've missed a meal most people the way we eat most of us now are thinking about food all the time you haven't even finished breakfast and you're already thinking what what can I have for lunch you're carrying food around with you everywhere you go you're eating at least six times a day in many cases this is not the I mean we would never have survived as a species if we needed to eat six times a day so we're not eating in a way that is that is nourishing us and and satisfying us we're eating in a way that's making us hungry I find what you've said there to be sort of true in my experience especially in the context of the roller coaster analogy so when I'm not on key ketosis I do feel like sometimes I'm in a bit of a roller coaster of like Temptation craving Etc and then when I do ketosis and I get past the first week or two the the roller coaster seems to stop right I'm I'm off the roller coaster it's then maybe six eight weeks later you're busy life happens you're traveling you're tired that Temptation Creeps in and it just takes that one moment of weakness in my head to then fling me off ketosis and all my effort is gone and in my head the way I've always thought about it and I'm sure this is wrong but I've thought about it like it takes a couple of days to get into a state of ketosis and then once you're in and I usually get a headache yeah on my way into ketosis I feel a little little bit bad on the way in and then once I'm in there it's fine so when I have something that breaks my keto this is what I refer to me and my girlfriend talk about I've broken my keto whatever I think oh my god I've got to go through another headache and another five days of you know uh getting back into it what is that correct it's a very common experience because there are these adjustments uh that happen inside uh with your physiology uh as you're shifting from one operating system to another when you're shifting from carbohydrate burning system to a more you're shifting your ratio of your fuels so the body and the brain are hybrid engines so we're never burning 100% fat um we're burning a mixture of of fat and carbohydrate when you're shifting from a from a system system that's fueled almost entirely by carbohydrate almost all the time to a system where you're burning more fat than carbohydrate um that's uncomfortable for some people shifting back and forth especially if what they have if if the reason why you've quote broken your keto is because you've had something um that has a lot of refined carbohydrate in a lot of sugar or flour in it for example um so it depends on what you've eaten and how much and for how long um but but many people do experience the so-called keto flu when they are shifting from a carbohydrate based system to a fat-based metabolism and some of this can be uh much of this can be prevented in a couple of different ways one is with electrolyte supplementation supplementing electrolytes to keep your your salt balance even as you're transitioning and another uh is by transitioning slowly onto the ketogenic diet rather than all at once and so and there are many there are other tips in the book about how to do this more comfortably but those are the two big ones uh and going slowly so in the book I don't recommend that people start on a ketogenic diet just straight away like learn about it on a Monday started on a Tuesday but ease into ketosis over a week or two and uh there's a there's a kind of a moderate carbohydrate plan in the book that allows people to do this so you you follow that plan for a couple of weeks to gradually lower those glucose and insulin levels it's going to be a lot more comfortable it's be a lot less of a shock to the brain and body um and and if you're supplementing electrolytes and going slowly most of these quote keto flu symptoms will uh will not occur or they'll be very brief and Mild so um again these are posit it's a positive change to have these electrolyte changes and um it's it's all of these things are are good but there is this transition period which can sometimes be uncomfortable and this is um not to say that it's dangerous again it's a very we're designed our biology is designed for us to be able to shift back and forth between fat and carbohydrate as fuel sources but many of us have lost some of our metabolic flexibility because we've done some damage to our metabolic engines by eating the wrong way for too long so we don't shift as comfortably back and forth as we used to be able to I guess most people don't even know what foods are included in a keto diet because most diets are restrictive to the point that you know people think they just make your life miserable but what are the sort of big misconceptions you've seen with the foods you're able to eat on a ketogenic diet yeah so because a ketogenic diet it because the definition of a ketogenic diet is any way of eating okay that lowers insulin levels enough to turn on fat burning and generate ketones in the blood because because it's about insulin it the it's not a food list so you can you can it's not about plants and animals it's not even about fat or carbohydrate it's about understanding how to lower your insulin levels which you can do with a vegan dietary pattern with a vegetarian dietary pattern uh with an omnivore dietary pattern um uh with or even with a carnivore dietary pattern so whatever your dietary preferences are you can get the benefits the brain healing benefits of of ketosis so it's not about the foods you're eating um it's it's more about understanding what raises and lowers insulin the things that raise and lower insulin are refined carbohydrates Whole Foods carbohydrates refined proteins like protein powders whole food sources of protein and guess what barely touches insulin at all fat fat is metabolically the quietest and safest macronutrient you can eat because it barely stimulates insulin is ketosis a state like do I is it like a binary State like now I'm in ketosis and now I'm not so yes but there's there's a yes um let me put it this way that most experts will agree that um in order to be quote in ketosis um your level of beta hydroxy butter rate on a blood Ketone meter uh a blood Ketone meter U um is PR finger and and put a drop of blood on this little test strip and it will read the amount of a particular Ketone in the blood called beta hydroxate and it it will give you a reading if that reading is point is 0.5 Millo or higher you are in ketosis in ketosis so what does that mean why why is the cut off 0 five because three things have to happen for you to get to at least 0. five one is your glucose levels have to come down the second thing is is your insulin levels have to come down the third thing is you have to burn off a certain amount of the stored starch in your liver we have a a storage tank for carbohydrate in our liver it's not very big it holds less than a day's worth of carbohydrate because really as animals we're designed to store energy as fat carbohydrates there for quick Energy emergency short-term um the fat we For Better or For Worse we have almost an unlimited capability to store fat we can store months and months and months wor of fat and so um but we can only store a very small amount of carbohydrate so if your storage tank in the liver is full your body will not switch to fat burning because it says oh we've got plenty of starch to burn let's start there once it comes down to a certain point the body goes oh running out of energy let's go to fat now and that's when the the liver will start breaking fat down whether it's fat on your body or fat from your plate and start chopping it up into these ketones and uh but so those three things have to happen and once that happens that you'll see the Ketone levels rise on the meter so most people who are not eating a ketogenic diet are walking around with Ketone levels either undetectable or they're 0 2 or they're three they might they might float up into above 05 every once in a while if they're not eating for a long time or um uh or if they've just exercised but for the most part most people uh eating a typical diet are not in ketosis and when you get above 0.5 a lot of metabolic magic starts to happen because there are lots of Pathways in the body and brain that uh are not very active unless you're in ketosis and those are the healing Pathways the recycling and maintenance and cleanup Pathways the recovery Pathways all of us this is something that I I came to appreciate a number of years ago as I've been studying this is that there are many people unfortunately or fortunately there are many people who discover with mental health issues that they need to be in ketosis long term in order to be well but I've become convinced by the science that all of us need to be in ketosis um at least intermittently all of us need to spend some time in ketosis on a regular basis or else we can't heal we'll only be it it's like a it's like a manufacturing plant where the plant is just running 24/7 12 months a year and and they never take time to replace the parts or clean up the floor or you know they never do any maintenance work or repair work and So eventually everything breaks down and when you say ketosis again you're not saying the the keto diet you're saying the low levels of glucose um and Insulin exactly in the blood and that can be achieved by calorie restriction potentially fasting I guess you could achieve it and other diets like the Mediterranean diet if administered in the right sort of doses right well um we we should come back to the Mediterranean diet a minute but first the first part of your question is important because ketosis is you can as you said you can get into ketosis a variety of different ways if you're eating properly and this would have been our evolutionary Heritage our ancestors especially our prehistoric ancestors um they have access to these lots and lots of refined carbohydrates a long time ago um they were eating carbohydrates from uh Whole Foods uh fruits and starchy root vegetables right and uh and so even grains and beans are very very relative relatively much newer sources of carbohydrate so let's think about fruits and vegetables but so they they would have been we can only guess B look looking at their diets we don't have proof of this but think about it if you're eating in a way where your insulin levels are allowed to come down overnight if you're eating if you're eating a a balanced diet so to speak but it's got everything it needs in it and it's not giving you exaggerated spikes in your glucose and exaggerated spikes in your insulin and you're not eating six times a day or all day long your insulin levels will naturally come down overnight and that will that will allow you to go into a healing mode so I believe that if people have the right information about what a healthy diet is supposed to look like they may may not even need to in many cases especially if you're younger or athletic or don't have a lot of metabolic damage already um you may not need to you may not need to lower your carbohydrate intake during the day you might just need to be careful about what kinds of carbohydrate you eat and how often um so for example it's known that in children um they're who are eating a regular diet many of them wake up the next morning in ketosis they're metabolically much healthier than uh we are as we get older so they're much more metabolically flexible um and uh so now they didn't go on a ketogenic diet they were eating a regular diet they slept overnight didn't eat anything the next morning they're in ketosis that's not true for all children but it's true for enough children that we know it's possible most adults it takes them several days at least to get into ketosis even if they're not eating anything at all so f fasting can take 2 to 3 days at a minimum for most people to get into ketosis but some people it can take a whole week and you talked about children there one of the big conversations at the moment around children is the the rise in ADHD diagnosis and there's a lot of different sort of thoughts on the causal factors of this and what is it that's making children be diagnosed at higher and higher rates with these sort of neurod Divergent disorders is there any evidence to suggest that what we're eating is playing a role in these neurod Divergent disorders yes the first thing I would like to tell you about is that there were studies quite a few studies back in in 80s 90s and early 2000s in Europe by variety of different research teams that explored exactly the question you're asking and what they did um was they placed children with ADHD some quite severe ADHD even Hospital level ADHD and put them on something called a few Foods diet this is uh the scientists call it an oligo antigenic diet which just means it's kind of a low allergen diet so it's they removed all of the common culprits and they focus mostly on just a few Whole Foods uh and and and a few extras so very specifically describing this diet most of these diets were um chicken lamb fruits vegetables um and sometimes they throw in some apple juice and margarine because they couldn't use butter because Dairy is a common allergen so but these were mostly Whole Foods diets you know uh uh poultry red meat fruits vegetables um and there 62 to 82% response rate to these diets no matter which study you looked at and in some of these studies there was a 70% cure rate within weeks of changing the diet to a few Foods diet so what does this tell us it doesn't tell us which foods were the problem it tells us that food can be the problem that if you make diet the right dietary changes it's possible for children even with very severe ADHD to improve within weeks to the point that they no longer qualify for having ADHD anymore because there's a change in the symptoms oh yes um the children's uh Behavior as rated by parents and teachers um and the researchers themselves so just uh did some research to find some stats on this sure diet modification isn't widely prescribed as a way to alleviate ADHD symptoms is it it says as of 2019 major health organizations including the American um Academy of Pediatrics and the National Institute of Health and Care Excellence do not recommend dietary modifications as standard treatment for ADHD due to insufficient evidence a 2014 review found elimination diets might offer minor benefits in sub in a subset of children particularly those with food sensitivities or allergies however these benefits are not substantial enough to advocate for widespread dietary changes in ADHD management so what I would say to that is uh there are multiple studies all pointing in the same direction that I think give parents and families and children tremendous hope with really no risk MH what are we doing instead we're medicating children we're giving children stimulants which can stunt their growth make them anxious um and and cost money MH and is I mean I I'm one of the reasons I do this work is because I really don't think that for most people the right thing to do is to medicate our way out of this situation I mean just about every mental and physical health issue we have is we think about we've just kind of been condition to think about medications as the solution but medications don't solve problems they cover them up and what we really want to do is want to get to the root of these problems and not just treat them which nutrition interventions can do in many cases but perhaps even prevent them from happening in the first place can they all be treated by because you know I I was I guess technically diagnosed with ADHD but I don't take any medication for it I'm it's a personal choice I personally just um don't think that the net impact has on my life is worth taking any medication I also have friends with ADHD who have significantly worse symptoms when I say worse I mean more pronounced symptoms than I do so my personal decision was just not to take the medication however I sat here with a guy called Dr aan Who has a daughter who had ADHD she got the medication and it turned her life around like she went on to become super successful but was like struggling in school so it's really difficult isn't it because it's such a personalized sort of personal decision and some people have it more extreme and in a way that makes their life more dysfunctional than others you know and my some some of my friends do really say they say I took this medication for my ADHD or my my tension issues whatever and it's been revolutionary for me they just like they they just offload on me how profound it's been for them so I guess it goes back to being a personal it does but you know so I have a lot of experience treating ADHD because I worked for two years at an ADHD Specialty Clinic called the Hallowell Center outside Boston I also worked for 13 years in college mental health at Harvard and at Smith college and saw lots and lots and lots of students with ADHD most of who actually had it some of who didn't who're just looking for stimulants but I I can tell you as a psychiatrist who's prescribed medications for 25 years the stimulants are some of the most effective medicines we have in our toolbox for the people it works for it works very very well so and it can be life-changing a lot of people think of ADHD as oh a minor issue oh you can't concentrate or or maybe you're Daydream or maybe you're fidgety or you know maybe you get distracted 8 HD can be a really serious condition just like all mental health conditions it exists on a spectrum of mild to very severe and so people with ADHD are at much higher risk for suicidal ideation they're much higher risk for substance abuse they're at much higher risk for accidents they're much higher risk for depression for anxiety these and and twice the twice the rate of divorce in people with with adults with ADHD these are serious can be for some people really disabling conditions people cannot function in their lives they can't function in their relationships they can't hold a job you know they they feel so frustrated and Powerless I mean I was telling you that I worked with students in in in you know these Elite universities right these are very intelligent people who were struggling 10 times harder than their peers in in classes they had to work so much harder they had to stay up four or five hours later than everybody else and and and they did because they were hardworking but they're really suffering and this discrepancy between how smart I am and how much I think I should be able to do and how much I'm actually able to do makes me feel bad about myself right they feel bad about themselves and because they know they're capable of more but they can't get there and it's a real biological condition now the great thing about this is a perfect example that you could we could have this conversation about any mental health condition but ADHD is a great example because there's always a risk benefit analysis when you're thinking about how are we going to treat this condition uh so do you want to take medication what are the pros and cons of that does the medication work for you does it give you side effects can you access the medication uh can you afford the medication um how hard is is lifestyle change for you one of the most powerful interventions for edhd and I think probably the a just maybe one of the most Stellar examples I can think of is this change your lifestyle to suit your strengths play to your strengths and don't try to swim upstream against your weaknesses people with ADHD often have tremendous talents in certain areas and are tremendously gifted in certain ways because they can make connections because they don't always think in a straight line because they they often have very diverse interests and they can pull different kinds of information together and you know given the right path they can be hugely successful right but that's not possible for everybody and for more severe cases of ADHD it's not possible at all has there been any studies on the link between the ketogenic diet and ADHD so not yet but I'm I'm very excited to to to be involved in two brand new studies of the ketogenic diet for ADHD so one is a uh ketogenic diet for uh adults with ADHD and depression that's getting started at Oxford University in 2025 and the other is a study of uh ketogenic diets for ADHD and adults at the University of Michigan it's also going to be starting in 2025 we have no data on ketogenic diets and ADHD but we have good reason to believe the reason we were able to get funding for these studies is because there's there's reason to believe that it could be useful and because when you look at ADHD you see Clues to poor metabolic health so for example children with obesity are twice as likely to have ADHD obesity is a marker for insulin resistance adults with type 2 diabetes are twice as likely to have ADHD type two diabetes is severe endstage insulin resistance and the ketogenic diet is the most effective way to address insulin resistance that we have at our disposal is it hard to establish cause and effect there I was thinking about the the diabetes one where if you've had ADHD maybe your life has been harder again I don't know what I'm talking about here but maybe your life has been harder and if your life has been harder you're more likely to be obese potentially if you've been gone had more stress and you've you know you've had a a worse a worse more challenging job and so is it you know and will will a test be able to exclude these sort of confounding factors to the point that we'll know for sure I think that would be a very difficult study to to design but I think what I can tell you from my clinical work CU I work I'm a general psychiatrist so I see adults of all ages and with all psychiatric conditions from major to minor and I've worked as I said with people with ADHD of you know hundreds and hundreds of patients with ADHD what I can tell you is that it's the same with medication um if someone comes in and says to me uh I can't tell if this medication is working um uh so should I keep taking it and I'll say well you know if you can't feel it working then it's not working uh so when the diet works it works regardless of what's going on around the person so and this is true for all conditions that I've worked with so people with bipolar disorder people with depression people with ADHD people with PTSD people with anxiety as you have said we talked about the ketogenic diet is not easy to stick to right people fall off the ketogenic diet all the time uh sometimes accidentally sometimes intentionally right and you can see their symptoms come back within often 24 hours even though their external factors have not changed so life hasn't changed it's the diet and when you follow the actual Ketone levels daily you can make that correlation so what's really exciting about both of these studies is it's not just getting somebody into ketosis it's it's tracking um on a data to-day basis their Ketone level and their attention symptoms and seeing if we can see them go up and down together and we've always get a little bit of data already from a pilot study at U um uh um by Ali Houston at uh at Oxford University we're starting to see some signals there but it's too early really uh we need to actually launch the official study so in my patients it's it's a phenomenon I've seen over over and over and over again um a great example is I have a patient um that I worked with for a couple of years who had a a condition called bipolar disorder type two so it's a it's a form of bipolar disorder uh bipolar disorder people used to call manic depression you've got periods of mania often followed by periods of deep depression bipolar type 2 is a milder form where you don't get quite as manic um and but you still can can get very depressed so he had bipolar to um and whenever so so uh he came to me because he wanted to try a ketogenic diet for bipolar disorder because um uh uh he had heard it might help so the other issue he was dealing with was that he um and his wife were having some difficulties some difficulty in their relationship that had started up a few years before and you know every time they got into an argument he would want to die and he would start to think about ways of killing himself self every single time he went on the ketogenic diet the suicidal ideation went away even though his wife had not so he used to associate the depression with the marriage but he learned over time to associate it with his metabolic state that when he was in ketosis he could then imagine other ways of coping with the stress in his marriage other than just killing himself so he it a lot of people say to me that the ketogenic diet gives this space it allows them to pull back and see things from a different perspective it buys them time perspective it's like a buffer so that people people aren't reacting as reflexively to difficult situation situation hasn't changed but people are able to deal with the situation in a more effective way they feel they have more control not just over their emotions but also over their behaviors and how they react to situations at my company flight Studio which is part of my bigger company flight group we're constantly looking for ways to build deeper connections with our audiences whether that's a new show a product or a project it's why I launched the conversation cards I've relied on Shopify before who's a sponsor of today's podcast and I'll be using them again for the next big launch which we'll hear about soon and I use them because of how easy it is to set up an online store that reaches all of you no matter where you are in the world with Shopify the usual pain points of launching products online disapp appear completely no matter the size of your business Shopify has everything you need to make your business go to the next level and better connect with your customers all over the world to say thank you to all of you for listening to my show we're giving you a trial which is just $1 a month you can sign up by going to shopify.com Bartlet that's shopify.com Bartlet or find the link in the description below and for people that have food addictions and binge eating problems the ketogenic diet I guess it's knocking you off that roller coaster what well being in a state of ketosis is knocking you off that roller coaster of craving eating craving eating craving eating is that accurate is that what it's doing yes so um the ketogenic diet by lowering and stabilizing glucose and insulin levels the thing about insulin is that a lot of people think about insulin as a blood sugar regul later they think of it as oh you know it uh when your glucose goes up the insulin brings it down and and that's true but that's it's just one of many important roles that insulin has it's the one it's most famous for but the thing that uh what is not well known is that insulin is so much more than a blood sugar regulator it's actually a master metabolic hormone and it's regulating the activity of every cell in the body every cell has an insulin receptor on its surface multiple insulin receptors to pay attention to the insulin level in the blood and so uh when you're on a glucose and Insulin roller coaster that's just where the trouble begins insulin is talking to and controlling the behavior and levels and activity of many other hormones in the blood including stress hormones like adrenaline and cortisol um reproductive hormones like estrogen and testost cherone your blood pressure regulating hormones your satiety hormones the hormones that make you feel full after you eat your hunger hormones so many other hormones are on this roller coaster uh that you're unstable from within and people often will think well I'm stressed and that's why I'm eating I I I feel really anxious um I get irritable I get stressed I'm hungry I need to eat and then I feel better and that's true they will they will feel better for a few hours but what what happens four to five hours later if they've eaten something that's spiked their glucose and Insulin again is they're going to get there's this great study with um healthy teenage boys they took healthy teenage boys and they gave them either a sugar-free Cola uh caffeine-free or a caffeine-free Cola sweetened with sugar and the boys who had the sugar sweetened Cola their adrenaline levels their stress hormone levels of adrenaline quadrupled four to five hours after drinking the soda and the boys who drank the other soda stayed flat it's the food that's causing the stress that's causing the food eating you so there's this vicious cycle if people understood that most of what's happening there it's not your fault that you want to overeat those Foods they are designed to be overeaten like chemical Engineers these this is very very intelligent um engineering that's going on very clever and uh you will sell more of a product if you make it irresistible and if you make it unsatisfying how many people feel that they can't control their consumption of certain foods that's by Design if you if you want to keep eating it you'll buy more of it if you eat real food you have to stop after a little while they're so satisfying things like meat Seafood poultry eggs fruit veget Veges even fruits fruits some people will overeat fruit but but fruit has fiber it has water it's really hard to eat you know 10 pieces of fruit very easy to drink you know a bottle of several bottles of fruit juice very easy um to eat multiple packages of candy because those what happens with ultr processed carbohydrates these refined carbohydrates they blow past your hormonal stop signs and that's not your fault but if you understand that that's what's happening then you can takes a few days you got to step away from them but but on the other side is tremendous freedom and control the gentleman you mentioned in that case study a second ago you referred to as Carl which I guess is a cloaked name um he's the one that had the bipolar disorder uh no Carl is a different case ah okay tell me about Co yeah so I opened the book with the story ofl Carl who has you know generously allowed me to share his story um a gentleman great guy in his mid-60s who had had lifelong depression and anxiety and uh for years he he didn't seek any treatment and then maybe about 15 years or so before he consulted with me he went to an A A psychiat A Psychiatry specialty clinic for some specialized brain Imaging and uh extensive evaluation and lots and lots of specialized tests and he left the clinic with thousands of dollars later with three diagnosis depression anxiety and ADHD and three prescriptions one for depression one for anxiety one for ADHD so he started those medications and his depression got a lot better but he then uh had a brand new problem on his hands which was he was becoming Manic and he had never had Mania before so he was been uncharacteristically um energetic and uh um uh irritable and unpleasant and so it was changing it was changing his character his personality a certain his behavior in a certain way that was becoming very unpleasant at work and at home so he then turned to marijuana to try to take the edge off developed a marijuana addiction now he's got another problem and so he thought to himself you know this isn't this isn't what I signed up for I was trying to solve a problem and now I've got two new problems on my hands so he took himself off the medications and said you know I I I can't use medication medications is not for me I'm going to try to manage my mood issues my depression anxiety with rigorous exercise I'm going to let exercise be my medicine and he started cycling uh bikes over a 100 miles a week and it actually helped a lot it didn't completely resolve all of the symptoms but it brought them down to um a very manageable level uh for years so exercise was his medicine exercise improves metabolic health and so he was still eating a standard American diet he'd never tried any dietary changes before and then um what happened is as he entered his 60s the depression anxiety started to rise in the background exercise wasn't working quite as well as it had and then uh just before he met with me something stressful it happened at work and it was essentially a shift in his job description which was making him anxious and he started experiencing very suddenly these bouts of um agitation and anxiety and restlessness and exercise being his medicine he would he would cycle on the weekends and at night if it was a if it was it was happening on a week night a work night he would be walking because he couldn't bike at night when it was dark he would walk sometimes eight even 25 miles to try to get rid of this excess energy and he said I don't have time for this I can't exercise enough to keep my symptoms under control he didn't know what else to do he starts searching online for Solutions came across information about carnivore diets and mental health contacted me for a consult and said I want to try the carnivore diet for my for my anxiety and I mean there were lots of other things we could have done uh to improve the quality of his diet but this is what he wanted to do because he was hoping that would bring him the most the the fastest relief so switched to a carnivore diet 3 to four pounds of fatty meat per day mostly pork and beef this was dairy free no plants and uh he checked his ketones using urine testing which Which is less expensive than blood testing uh he's in mild ketosis every day using urine strips and uh he started to improve by week three by week six his score was zero on all his depression and anxiety scales he had no symptoms at all of of depression anxiety not just of those recent extreme symptoms that he was experiencing but the symptoms that went back his entire life that had never completely resolved before so he said you know I I this is the I've never felt this well in my entire life and so this is the power of these strategies is they don't just reduce symptoms a little bit they actually have the power to heal the underlying problem in ways that I mean this is a phrase I've heard so many times I feel better than I've ever felt in my entire life you don't hear that when you prescribe medications for people generally that was in 2019 was it uh I couldn't tell you what year but that sounds right how is he doing now yeah I mean we we are still we we still talk with each other uh several times a year he's doing very well in fact so he one of the interesting things about what happened with this diet is that during that long period of of intermittent agitation uh he you know he's a very physically fit guy because of all the exercise and he and he was lean he lost 10 pounds during that period of agitation that he could not afford to lose when he first started working with me he was underweight and despite eating four pounds of fatty meat per day he couldn't regain that 10 pounds unless we added uh back some carbohydrate into the diet this is really this is a subtle point but for athletes sometimes especially in the early phase of the transition um there needs to be a certain amount of carbohydrate in the diet um to support high performance he didn't stay on the carnivore diet no he did not so he was on the car carnivore diet for many months and then be but because he couldn't regain that weight I asked him I said well you know I think we need to put some carbohydrate in to help you uh regain this weight and so I asked him which foods he missed the most gave him a list of Whole Foods to choose from and the things he missed most were uh potatoes and yogurt so some starchy root vegetables some plain unsweetened yogurt um up to about 100 grams of carbohydrate per day seemed to be about right for the days when he was e excuse me exercising on the days when he wasn't exercising he would cut it back so he was tailoring it to his personal energy needs and so so this is another um uh interesting thing about what happened for him is that um I mean his his scales are still at zero but he has been uh as we've talked to each other on and off over the years he has been able to make adjustments to his diet understanding the principles if you understand the principles then you know which changes you can get away with and which changes you can't and he has stayed well there's a couple of key things people always talk about when they hear the carnival diet the first is they say there's nutritional deficiencies to the diet that aren't like sustainable so if you eliminate certain food groups like fibers vitamin C's vitamin E magnesiums Etc then which are essential nutrients then you're going to have problems so a carnivore diet theoretically does provide all essential nutrients so if you look at what is inside animal Foods you will find all essential nutrients you can't say that of any plant food there's not a plant food on Earth that can that provides all essential nutrients animal foods can uh I would say meet Seafood poultry eggs are missing a couple of nutrients and dairy is missing even more um but uh meat seafood and poultry contain every nutrient we need the question is how much do you need like fiber oh well fiber is not a nutrient oh okay but do you get fibr in a carnivore diet there are different definitions of carnivore but the strictest sort of purest definition of carnivore is animal Foods only and fiber comes from plants so it's fiber free a true carnivore diet is fiber free so could you lost on a true carnivore diet without getting some kind of like microbiome issue or some kind of because you need fiber right why thought it was good for like digestion and your microbiome and stuff like that what does it do a lot of people tell me that it prevents glucose going into the blood or something where's the glucose coming from so you don't need it fiber fiber is very helpful and I spell this out in the book so because there's we have a lot of Hal truths in our minds about food um even people who are paying really close attention to the to nutrition science have a lot of half-truths in their minds about food so yes fiber for example you're exactly right lowers glucose spikes but the glucose is coming from a diet that's too high and sugar and so you won't get glucose spikes if you regulate your glucose levels um so so that's one uh interesting thing about fiber so if you're eating a high carbohydrate diet fiber can soften your glucose spikes and that's a plus but there's a more effective way to lower your glucose spikes is to not get a glucose spike in the first place um and that may not require taking all the carbohydrate out of your diet it might just mean lowering it to your personal tolerance um another thing people often say about fiber is that it sweeps your colon clean of toxins and kind of um um and uh that might otherwise build up and cause problems but fiber um there's no evidence that fiber is sweeping anything clean or there's never been a study that demonstrates this it's really just a belief about what we imagine fibers being like the broom of the intestines but there's no that that's just a belief there's no science behind that whatsoever um the the intestines clean themselves the lining sheds regularly actually very frequently and has and the border of the intestines um sweep themselves clean so they the intestine knows how to take care of itself that way but the biggest myth about fiber is that it's good for digestion because fiber by definition is indigestible by humans so there are two kinds of fiber there's soluble and insoluble and the soluble is um you know the kind that holds water it's like in an apple and the insoluble is the kind of tough stringy Woody stuff that you might find in like broccoli for example so the soluble fiber the bacteria and the lower parts of our intestine can ferment that to a certain extent um but uh but then we but then we can't make use of the sugars that it's releasing um right here fiber traditionally considered essential for feeding beneficial gut bacteria and promoting regular bowel movements yes okay so a couple of things to unpack there so one is that the uh a lot of people uh there are quite a few papers on this uh claiming that we need fiber because we need to feed our cells butyrate which is a breakdown product of fiber but butyrate if you think about what a ketone is it's beta hydroxy vate feeds the intestinal cells just as well so you don't need to eat fiber to feed your cell's butyrate if you think that the cells need butyrate then you can get it from a ketogenic diet um so I explained that in the book too is that there's more than one way to generate that molecule can someone exist on the carnivore diet like the extreme version of the carnivore diet for a long time without any supplementation so you we really don't know and we really don't have any long-term data on on any dietary pattern I think this is really important for people to understand is it's very common criticism of diets that we feel uncomfortable with or might be worried about like ketogenic diets or carnivore diets because they're so different from what we're told we're supposed to eat there's a lot of fear and worry uh about them and so think well okay it's it's um it's normalized my blood sugar level I used to have type two diabetes um you I've lost 50 pounds um my depression went away um my uh I normalized my coronary artery calcium scores I'm at lower risk for cardiovascular disease my triglycerides came down um you know I feel better I'm I in every way like all of my health markers have improved and so when you show people study after study after study of a ketogenic diet um improving multiple aspects of metabolic health and physical health and mental health it's cured my seizures it's cured my bipo whatever it was the only the only last sort of the last thing somebody could say is well well yes okay it's made you extraordinarily healthy now but I wonder what's going to happen 20 years from now MH nobody can tell you that because there's no way you could design a 20 year long study of any diet so you could say this about the Mediterranean diet you could say this about a carnivore diet you could say this about a vegan diet well vegan diet unsupplemented is is fatal um it's it has dangerous nutritional holes so why aren't we saying this about vegan diets when we can look at a vegan diet and see that it that that it's incompatible with human life unless you eat fortified processed foods or supplement which most people in the world cannot do um we look at a carnivore diet and you can actually find all of the nutrients in these animal foods and that's the diet that you're more worried about because theoretically longterm something bad might happen now I am not at all saying that a carnivore diet is the right diet for everybody um or that it's even the right approach for everybody to consider but I think we have to keep an open mind and stay curious and look at the biology of food and allow people to make their own I'm nutritionally pro-choice which means I would if you came to me with a mental health issue um I would support you in optimizing the diet of your choice and making it as brain healthy as I possibly could because I because uh it's very important that you feel comfortable with the diet that you're eating and so there are lots of ways to do that but I think it's really important and one thing I encourage people to do in my work and in my book is to open our minds and get curious about food the biology of food the biology of the brain because most of what we hear about nutrition doesn't come from biology it doesn't come from Clinical experiments or uh information about how cells work or about what's actually inside food it comes from this type of study called A nutrition epidemiology study which is just questionnaire based guesswork untested theories about what we should eat most of what we believe about nutrition is untested theories wild guesses and Wishful Thinking many of the people that choose a keto diet do it for very sort of superficial reasons sure you know I think it's probably one of the reasons why I do it once a year um for a couple of weeks um why does it help you to lose weight is that again just because of calorie restriction so it's insulin so it it everybody out there who's trying to lose weight they need to know one thing and it works if you cannot burn fat if your insulin levels are too high so if you know what rais insulin you can lo you can turn that insulin knob down if you know how to do that you will lose weight it's a biological fact so when you turn down insulin you will burn fat so a ketogenic diet you can't produce ketones unless your insulin is low enough so a ketogen the ketones on that meter are showing you that you are burning fat you can't make ketones unless you're burning fat so you can't you really cannot burn fat unless you're in ketosis you don't necessar have to be in ketosis all the time you don't necessarily have to have very high Ketone levels but if you're not in ketosis you're not burning fat so um if you're not in ketosis the brain can't even see that you've got energy spare energy to burn you might have 200 300 pounds of stored energy as fat the brain will still ask you to eat to eat more carbohydrate because it's not in fat burning mode so it's in car carbohydrate burning mode when it's hungry it's going to look for more carbohydrate you have to you have to teach it you have to bring your body into fat burning mode and and train your body give your cell some time a few weeks to learn how to burn fat again and stay there my mother is 91 years old she has lost 50 pounds on a ketogenic diet it is never too late to all she has to do is make sure those there are ketones on her meter when her glucose meter was nice and stable she wasn't losing weight because the insulin was still too high the ketones tell you the ketones are essentially a mirror image of your insulin level so we don't have a home insulin level test yet we have fabulous continuous glucose monitors which I recommend anybody out there with a mental health issue or physical anybody out there who can afford $5 or $50 for a single two week glucose sensor which are now available in the United States over the counter which they weren't before um I think you've had them in the UK for a lot longer you can see what your glucose levels are doing in response to your lifestyle your food choices your exercise Etc they can't it can't tell you what's going on with your insulin level so you can have a nice beautiful stable glucose level nice in the healthy range your insulin can still be too high and you still might just be you're burning all that glucose for energy a ketone meter will tell you if you're burning fat I'm on Amazon now it says sort of $50 or yeah there's ones for $40 as well yeah one for $30 as well yeah interesting okay think I'm going to try one I've never actually done one before so I I guess I didn't really know if I was in ktis ketosis or not but I just oh it's so useful because um uh if you're if you're following a ketogenic diet um the thing that makes it ketogenic is the ketones yeah and so I you were telling me before before we started recording that um you're always looking up okay which foods are keto which foods aren't keto and it's really not so much about that you could eat almost anything on a ketogenic diet if you if you understand you know how much to have and when um and but uh uh in any case um the Ketone meter will tell you you're in ketosis and if you're not in ketosis you can tweak your your plant so all of this is in the book but um but you can the really the the most important thing about a ketogenic diet is getting into good consistent daily ketosis for at least six weeks straight that sends the daily signal to your cells we're burning fat now we're burning fat now we need to learn how to burn fat there are enzyme systems and Pathways and cells that need to ramp up and and that takes time so it takes a while for the body and brain to kind of learn how to burn fat again and uh it doesn't happen overnight in terms of energy there are so many reasons why I'm a big matcha fan if you don't already know by now and so much so that I actually invested in the UK's leading matcha company called perfect Ted and one of my favorite perfect T products is these delicious matcha pouches that come in every flavor from salted caramel to Peach flavor to mint flavor to Berry flavor one of my favorites is this vanilla flavor which I'm going to make in just just two seconds you just take this mixer here get a little bit of the powder pop it on top of the shaker like that put the lid on shake shake shake delicious if you haven't tried this yet you can find perfect Ted at Tesco and Holland Barrett stores or online where you can get 40% off with my code diary 40 head to perfect ted.com and put in code diary 40 to try this delicious multi-flavored match now highly recommend and if you do it please tag me send me a message online what part of your work sort of overlays with psychology you know when someone comes to you and they they're experiencing some anxiety or depression or something and they they're describing their life and their life is full of trauma and hard things and they got fired from their job it seems a little bit peculiar to talk to them about diet in that moment it seems peculiar did do you ever think first about like some kind of psychological prescription oh you know I got some my training at Cambridge hospital uh in psychiatric residency is very Psychotherapy focused I got really excellent training in Psychotherapy and I still use it every day in my work it we're not throwing the baby out with the bath water here in fact the psychology of people's relationship with food is really important to address I mean most of what I do I mean I could I could teach you in an hour um everything you needed to know about why you should switch to a ketogenic diet for mental health and and I could give you a little sheet and you could go off and do it right I would I would be rapidly obsolete um which would be a good problem to have right um but what actually is happening most of the work I'm doing is not about here's the science here's why you need to do it here's what's happening in your brain here's the food list it would be so easy if that's what it were we are human beings and we have really complicated relationships with food we have history with food we have spiritual attachments to food cultural attachments to food political ATT beliefs about food and and a lot of us have addictions and attachments to food that go back a long way so most of it is about helping people understand and and sort of hold their hand through that proc process of making that behavior change and it's and whatever is going on in their life is also important so how did you approach that with your patients so in the first in the first interview with somebody I usually take 90 minutes to two hours when I'm first uh working with a patient and I might do that two or three times before we actually begin uh discussing what to do with diet because I really want to understand um all of the different pieces of the puzzle not just oh what are you eating here's what you should eat M that doesn't work for most people and because there are going to be challenges that come up and if the better I know that person the better I can help them through those challenges so it's not it's definitely not um it's not like I hand them a prescription for a diet and send them out the door I love understanding where people are coming from they're you know the the challenges they're facing in their lives and how that all intersects with their metabolic Health their their exercise you know why are they not exercising um how is their sleep how are their relationships who in their life is supportive of them changing their diet um is who in their life is skeptical and worried and because that could be a major factor for people if one person in the family wants or needs to go on a ketogenic diet for mental health and nobody else in the family thinks it's a good idea that's really tough for people you you've got to plan for all of that and talk it through say okay here are the roadblocks we might face how are we going to how are we're going to deal with these when they come up so I could give many many examples but the Psychotherapy the psychology of it is why using ketogenic diets to treat mental health conditions is usually best done as a team ideally if you can a keto dietician or nutrition therapist who's very skilled skill at using ketogenic diets designing them and personalizing for whatever you like to eat um so you'll have an enjoyable diverse diet that meets your needs and your desires um so you won't get bored and you'll enjoy the food you're eating um and a prescriber if you're especially if you're taking medication or have any mental or physical health issues you'll need a prescribing professional primary care doctor um or a psychiatrist or both depending what's going on for you to manage the medications and help you through that transition period where there are so many different things changing in your physiology that can sometimes be uncomfortable if you don't plan properly um and set the person up for Success um and a coach a therapist a psychologist or a coach to for motivation and support and it could be a cheerleader but also to reflect back to you how things are going and and and keep you moving forward because the first few weeks are the hardest and once you get past about week three week three is a real turning point for a lot of people your cells just kind of settle in to a new way of operating and it's this very noticeable shift that takes place in people's bodies and brains and that many people have never experienced before as it relates to anxiety um what does the research say about the role that keto can play in reducing someone's anxiety yes so anxiety uh if you talk to any practitioner who has been using ketogenic diets in their work um whether it's a a psychiatric practitioner or a medical practitioner there are a couple of things they'll tell you that are most U the most predictable benefits of a ketogenic diet one is reduced anxiety and the other is mental Clarity so most people will experience tremendous reductions in anxiety um Within often within three days to three weeks of starting a ketogenic diet and the mental Clarity is is one of those things that you hear almost from almost everybody so the anxiety is uh remember we're talking about this roller coaster those stress hormones are on a roller coaster life can cause stress and stress can unbalance your your Chemistry there's no question about that but your food can also do that your diet can also unbalance your stress hormones so and this is comes back to your question about you know life stressors you don't want to ignore those because they still count and they're still affecting your metabolic Health stress raises your cortisol levels and cortisol levels are dangerous for long-term brain health High cortisol levels most mental health conditions come along with disregulated or poor regulation of cortisol levels in the brain and too much cortisol can over time damage the brain including uh the hippocampus which is the brain's learning and memory Center so Str add whether it's coming from inside the body from the foods you're eating or outside the body from your life both of those need to be addressed not just the dietary stress there's some studies that I just found um a 2023 systemic review examine the E efficacy of low carbohydrate ketogenic diets and treating mood and anxiety disorders the review highlighted potential benefits but emphasized the ne necessity for randomized control trials to establish definitive conclusions that was the Cambridge University press and slightly separate to that um on serious mental illnesses I think you talk about this in your work as well a 2024 pilot study conducted by Stanford medicine investigated the effects of a ketogenic diet on participants with schizophrenia and bipolar and participants reported improvements in energy sleep mood and quality of life suggesting that ketogenic diet May stabilize brain functions in serious mental illnesses as well really really fascinating really fascinating I never really thought about the ketogenic diet's impact on my mental health I used to think I be honest the reason I do it is um helps me become more focused it changes my body composition and really at the end of the year for me or at the start of the year it's a nice way to kind of reset that's the kind of how I see it I want to come into the year feeling good and strong and focused so I do it over sort of Christmas New Year January time every year with my partner um but I never really considered the downstream consequences things like mental health and those other things but it it makes sense we have a closing tradition on this podcast where the last guest leaves a question for the next guest not knowing who they're leaving it and the question that's been left for you is what would you say to someone who wanted to have less regret and more contentment and peace on their deathbed I'm trying to think about what for myself personally what I would have regretted um you know you might want me to say that I would have regretted not having written this book and that's true but honestly it's about finding a really good healthy relationship in your life I mean if I hadn't accomplished that in my life I would have more regrets than not writing this book Thank you thank you for writing this book because it's such a comprehensive analysis of this poorly understood link between the things we put in our mouth and the impact it has on our mind holistically and I don't think enough people especially if we think back decades even thought to really uncover this sort of link I never I think before even starting this podcast never really understood the concept of metabolic and metabolic Psychiatry and that there was an association between the two the great thing about your book is that you don't need to be a scientist to understand it it's clearly written for people like me who are don't have a profound knowledge of Science and um medicine and Psychiatry but are able to learn in advance the decisions we make just by reading your book it has been such a Smash Hit for so many people I was looking at some of the reviews earlier on and people really really love it you wrote it you published it this year January January January and uh I highly recommend anyone that is intrigued by any of the subject matters that we spoke about today to go and get a copy I'll link it below um and it has some extraordinary people on the back who some of which I've interviewed at least one of which I've interviewed um in Jason um is there anything else you wanted to say about who this book is for yeah I mean I really want people with mental health conditions even if they think they've tried everything if you know if you're willing to try one more thing hope is on the menu a powerful plan to improve mood overcome anxiety and protect memory for a lifetime of optimal mental health thank you so much for the work that you do thank you very much Stephen for your work do you know that 80% of New Year's resolutions fail by February it's because we focus too much on the end goal and we forget the small daily actions that actually move us forward those actions that are easy to do are also easy not to do in life it's easy to save a dollar so it's also easy not to making one small Improvement each day one tiny step in the right direction has a big difference over time and that is the 1% mindset which is why we created the 1% diary a 90day journal designed to help you stay consistent and focus on the small wins and make real progress over time it also gives you access to the 1% community a space where you can stay accountable motivated inspired along with many others on the same Journey we launched the 1% diary in November and it sold out so now we're doing a second drop join the wait list at theed diary.com and you'll be the first to know as soon as it's back in stock I'll put the link below oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [1600 likes]: I’ve got a favour to ask! If you enjoy this conversation, please double check that you’ve liked the video and subscribed to the channel! That's a small way you can help us carry on doing this, really appreciate you! ❤🙏🏾
  2. @fogarasilany: Thank you!❤
  3. @vasanthasrikantha6512: It is not a new thing Out ancestors always said food is the medicine for a good health. Fasting was well recommended in all ancient cultires , encopertaed  as a religious rituals becuase to focus the mind to clean the bogy and gut from toxins.
  4. @mikachan2631: What can do about hair loss while doing keto weight loos?
  5. @anamariasouza6582: quando faço jejum diario como eu distribuo o tanto de proteina que devo comer num dia...
  6. @AnyeliVictoriaBustamantePerozo: I'm watching it while having a little spoon and a whole bottle of Nutella haha
  7. @quiltedbykim: I’m fasting and going to do Keto after my 3 day fasting. Let’s go do this and get my body & mind back💖
  8. @WelcomeAbroadTravel: I may have misunderstood the community notes or the speaker on fiber.  As she says fiber is indigestible, your notes contradict her, claiming it's essential for digestive health.  Did I miss something?
  9. @JudithBebbington: Hi ive done keto on and off for more than 6 month and this time feels so good. I dont want to stop keto as it improves my mood, i have no fear, i can concentrate on my studies and it also helps with my hobby which is roller skating, i also have colitis which flares up when i come off keto, keto has worked wonders for me i have lost weight and look healthy i am 40 now and feel 25 again 😊
  10. @JoeGP: "you can't make money by spending money" ? Doc, I think financial advice is outside your wheelhouse, you definitely can, it's called: investing, but car or real estate flipping also works.
"Can you live on a carnivore diet" ? that's kind of a stupid question if you think about it. Don't carnivores live on that already? I guess people who don't believe that humans are just smarter animals won't understand.
  11. @mariehaligon6198: J'ai mis un pouce car le contenu est intrressant mais les publicites  sont insupportablement nombreuses!
  12. @elizabethrobles9934: Thank you for this guest. I am going to do my dissertation on ketogenic psychology and this has been extremely helpful. I’m a long time subscriber and you do a great job with your program.
  13. @JoeGP: "we can store months and months worth of fat"... the world record for fasting is over a year and the guy who did it wasn't even that fat, I mean he could fit through a standard door, unlike some.
  14. @chandratondepu1240: This is an excellent one.  I want to ask if more ketones help loose fat fast? Or help manage ADHD better?
  15. @luismarianovalentini5433: Me encanta tu programa, siempre tus invitados son de gran nivel. Me gusta porque escuchas a tus entrevistados y las preguntas, más allá de las programas, son beneficiosas para el entendimiento y compresión del tema desarrollado.
Me encantaría si pudieses entrevistar a DAVID DUARTE, es un profesional médico quien desarrolla eletodo UNANI , tiene un enfoque no sólo fisiológico, nutricional, psicologico, etc...
Coherente con la evolución del ser humano , te va a volar la cabeza lo que tiene en su conocimiento UNIVERSAL. Solo una sugerencia, ojalá leas mi mensaje y lo evalúes. UNANI . La forma de funcionar del ser humano
  16. @digginggopher: 1:23:00 FIBRE IS NATURES BROOM, TAKE THAT BACK
  17. @mglynn33: Astonighing that in 4 years of medical school they discussed nutrition for 2-3 hours. Utterly inexcusable.
  18. @jeaninerich2235: Has anyone with OCD tried the keto diet with success?
  19. @sheambitious29lachelle17: my heart is broken.. For some reason.. i think about all the mothers who’s kids are autistic, suffer from ADHD.. And menta health and they just want help they want resources and pills are sholved down their throat.. they till them it’s nothing else aside from medications then those same kids become adults and they are stuck on these medications It’s heart breaking
  20. @fbi-andy-9093: That’s my worst part of keto.. the start. I like to go 3months on then have a week off but always dread coming back to it because of insomnia and fatigue. The benefits are worth it though, this diet has helped me through a lot.

- Doctor Mike Tries KETO for 30 DAYS: Kind: captions Language: en (intense music buildup) - It's keto time! (techno intro music) Keto, Keto, Keto. I challenged you to get my keto video to twenty thousand likes and you surpassed that goal plenty. And I'm actually really excited about this. I'm unfortunately fresh out of a break up so I'm more motivated than ever to change my lifestyle around, be healthier, look better, I wanna take you guys along for that journey. My one month of keto starts now. (intense orchestral music) - Just do it! All right, I'm gonna have my very first keto meal. It's the middle of the day, I didn't have breakfast so I guess you could say I'm intermittent fasting today as well. This is my meal here, beef chili with oaxaca cheese? Oaxaca? And cauliflower rice. To my surprise, the first few days of keto weren't that bad. I was totally expecting that I would go with keto flu symptoms right off the bat. It wasn't that bad, I didn't have sugar withdrawal. The weight stayed the same, my strength was there, but I'd fatigue much earlier in my sets. Can't even be certain it's to do with the keto diet, but that's what was happening. All right, my man just shot a shot, made me drop my phone. This guy right here, wanna be basketball player. All right, today's my first day of cardio with keto on board and I gotta admit, I'm feeling pretty tired. I just beat both of these guys though. I was able to keep up with them, my sprints were fine, my game was fine, but I noticed that after a game or two, when I would be somewhat out of breath, I was totally burnt. I was really tired, much more than usual. Again, not certain that it's 100 percent due to the keto diet, but I do suspect keto is playing a role in my decreased stamina in my exercise. The keto struggle is so real, I'm eating cat food. - Let me at least fix my hair a make sure I look good. - While Lisa's eating a healthy salad with some croutons. - I'm eating cat food. Tell them about the cat food. - [Lisa] It's salmon! - What damn cat food? - He's eating cat food, it's right there. - That's called the keto struggle. Going into the second week of keto, I was starting to struggle a lot with my food choices. When I go to work, and I'm gonna be working a long shift, I can't bring all of these goodies, an avocado, and all this stuff. So, what did I do? I brought a Thrive Market can of salmon, with some mayonnaise and I basically ate cat food. Eating a diet that's so high in fat, I mean 75 percent of my calories were coming from fat, it's difficult to maintain that and I don't plan well. For example, if I'm going to a big event, I should probably eat beforehand. You have to plan ahead if you wanna stick to keto. Because when you go to a fast food joint, or a restaurant, yes they may have a piece of meat, but eating high protein is not keto. You have to be eating high fat. So you have to be thinking about what it is you're gonna choose off the menu. And you can get a cheeseburger that's very fatty, has sauce on it that's hopefully carb free, that's not optimal keto. That's the dirty keto that people talk about. If you're eating high saturated fats, over cooked red meats, using processed oils, that's not something I generally recommend or want for myself. Wait! (police sirens) Two weeks in, I already had some results showing. My clothes were fitting better, my abs were coming out of hibernation, like one of them legit came out and said, "What up!" And I was like, "Oh my god look its my ab, I used to see you back in the day and then you started hibernating." It did surprise me that after two weeks of keto, I was already starting to see results and now I get why this diet is so popular amongst people who are trying to lose weight quickly. And not that I'm advocating for that, but it was nice to see results so early on, and quite motivational. I will say though, the majority of the weight loss that happens in the first week or so is usually water weight. That's not gonna be sustainable, that speed of weight loss. I feel like on keto, I wake up really hungry. Normally I don't mind skipping breakfast, but on keto I'm starving. It's probably because I'm eating so much less calories than usual. Getting into the later weeks of keto, I was getting hungry. That doesn't mean I wasn't satiated, I mean eating a lot of fats, you get full quickly and you're no longer hungry. But when I say hungry, I mean more like cravings. Bananas, cookies and cream milkshakes, and then I even noticed a pattern where I was hungry, just because I was bored. I had a high fat meal, I had some sardines with guacamole. I'm full. But I wanna munch on something, I just wanna eat some chips, so I've realized that I like to bored eat. And on keto, you really can't bored eat. Unless you just eat nuts all day, I don't understand how many almonds you can eat in one day before you. I think I broke keto. I mean not technically, but I had several drinks last night that technically throws you out of keto. They were not sugary drinks, I just had soda and alcohol but that does technically take you out of ketosis at least for a short while so you probably think I'm a failure. Look, we all make mistakes and two steps forward with one step back, is still one step forward. That's something that I want you to remember and take away from my keto journey. If you mess up, it's not the end of the world. It's doesn't mean that you're a failure. Yes, I had a few drinks and it took me out of ketosis for a little bit because your body actually metabolizes the alcohol and uses that as energy instead of fats. But, it's fine. As soon as I stopped drinking the alcohol, the next day I was probably back in ketosis and everything was back on track. So did it slow down my progress? Probably somewhat, but it wasn't the end of the world. If I treated it like it was the end of the world, that would hurt my progress because that would demotivate me, and cause me to order some cookies and cream milkshakes and we know we can't do that on keto. I had a renewed determination to continue and finish my keto journey. (upbeat music) One month of keto is in the books! I made it, I ate 75 percent of my calories from fat, 20 percent from protein, 5 percent from carbs. I stuck to this bad boy. But let's talk summary, let's talk about what happened. First and foremost, body. I started this diet at 208 pounds, I weighed in this morning at 202 pounds. So that's a six pound weight loss in 4 weeks, sounds pretty appropriate, about a pound and a half per week. My abs are showing a little bit more, which gets me really excited for summer. Now when it comes to my mind, I don't necessarily feel any big difference that jumps out. But I do notice that I don't crash as much, especially in the midday section. For the average healthy person going on a short course of keto will help them lose some weight and it probably won't be detrimental to their health. If you're gonna start a new diet, any diet for that matter, go see your doctor and have that conversation. Figure out what are the benefits versus harms so you can make the most educated decision possible moving forward. I hope you guys enjoyed me trying out keto, if you want me to continue trying out weird things, diets, whatever, drop it down below in the comments and smash that like button and if you tried keto and you had an experience of your own, also jump into the comments section as you know, I'm very active down there. And if you wanna see more about my take on diets, click here for my playlist and as always, stay happy and healthy. (upbeat techno music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lollipoppi13 [1 likes]: 8:40 why is nobody talking abt the "as you know im very active down there" the shift to "📣📣TAKE YOUR MIND OUT OF THE GUTTER📣📣" like woah just cause ur a doctor doesnt mean you get to read my mind
  2. @baxterwilson368: 7:27 Wow. I lost 20 pounds in the first two weeks of keto and 65 overall. You only lost 6? Well, I was much fatter than you so I guess it doesn’t help that much if you’re lean. Also, I’m not on keto anymore. I got way too many deficiencies and I just hated eating after a while. But it was an interesting 4-year experiment. I went from 220 to 155 lbs.
  3. @intjmikepearson1350: My experience was totally different. Probably depends on the person. I am not prone to gullibility - I didn't experience the mental clarity people talked about, but I definitely felt more stable energy, including with endurance. I played basketball best on keto. Actually the absolute best was right when I exited keto after 2+ weeks on it. Did this many times. Insane energy
  4. @Lili-May_: 30 days is not long enough for your body to become fat adapted. Ive been doing vegetarian keto for 4 months and it is only recently begun to feel like my body has adjusted. I also avoid processed foods and seed oils, and eat in a window. I am doing it to improve health not lose weight. No mention of lower risk of chronic disease or lowering inflammation.
  5. @SherrySharma-c5w: Starts with veg... how is it keto?
  6. @I_Dont_Care_Its_just_a_game: Is that eye shadow
  7. @jenniferrichardson2702: Did he even test his ketones?
  8. @ruthnull7: I think you would have done better on keto bore or carnivore and as in 82 year old lady I can say after reading the comments that 75% of the single women in America wish that you were their doctor😂
  9. @SeaDogMama: 1. What moronic girl breaks up with you?
2. Oaxaca = wa-HA-ka
 	
Great video!
  10. @heathershay5260: I'm keto and I'm almost never hungry. I don't eat all the packaged Franken-foods either. Meat, low carb veg, healthy fats. It's not hard.
  11. @angelmagana422: He’s so fineeeee
  12. @neezduts69420: my doctor told me to do intermittent fasting and cut out brown beige carbs but isn't this the same as keto?
  13. @Madicken-n7k: How much protein can I eat? I am 1,65 meters long and 84kg and I am s woman at 50 years.😊
  14. @sendslimclinic: I'm glad this didn't become a pitch for a "miracle diet." Seeing the practical aspect of things that are genuinely difficult to maintain on a daily basis was far more beneficial.
  15. @KatiaHo-n7k: You aged a bit more . Your skin isn't as clean as when you started. How was your cholesterols after this ?
  16. @robbywiginton3605: Oaxaca is pronounced "Wa-ha-ka"
  17. @thebaconexperiment: who is this clown?
  18. @thebaconexperiment: did it wrong 🤡
  19. @BigTBuiltDifferent: Avacado is keto friendly tho
  20. @kfox153: This is not a serious video. Why do something if you're going to make a half ass attempt at it?  This strikes me as retarded.

- Major Changes to Keto in 2025 - New Guide to Lose Fat and Build Muscle: Kind: captions Language: en if you're starting a ketogenic diet or you're dipping your toe back in the water with it you may want to stop for a second because some of the literature has changed and I know that's frustrating it's frustrating for me too like if you go away and then you come back you're like what changed did Thomas completely like Go a different direction no I just follow this science closely closely closely so like one of the things that's really been interesting is the whole world of like monounsaturated fats versus saturated fats on a ketogenic diet but also like where we get our unsaturated fats uh compared to like seed oils other things it's really wild and it's really fascinating so we're going to dive into it I promise I'll make this video simple and easy because it's going to be great for someone that is starting out that has never heard anything about a ketogenic diet but it's also going to be great for people that are coming back to it and want to learn where to go now so let's go ahead and break it down now the first thing that I'm going to go through is kind of the basics you may want to skip through it but at the same time I recommend that you watch just as a refresher the focus of a ketogenic diet is to drive up ketone it is not to just alienate carbs okay it's to drive up ketones because ketones have potency when it comes to changing our cellular function they have potency when it comes down to potential anti-inflammatory effects neuroinflammatory effects they can be neuroprotective I work with us Special Forces specifically the Army and a little bit of the Air Force tacp guys on how to use a ketogenic protocol for TBI how to use a ketogenic protocol for cognitive function this is something something that's very real and very much so in the science okay it's not something that's just a fad diet but I want to teach you some of the things that we've learned recently what I want to make sure is clear one of the most important things with doing a ketogenic diet properly now is keeping oxidative stress low one of the things that we've learned through years of ketogenic diet research is being on a ketogenic diet can increase oxidative stress especially temporarily so what we want to do is we want to get adjusted to it and add things into our diet that can help modulate that so that's kind of the name of the game this year now if you're using a ketogenic diet for fat loss you still are wanting to drive up those ketones as high as possible you just want to be doing so with the right kinds of food so we'll get into all that number one priority for this year micronutrition matters I think the reason that the ketogenic diet kind of ended up falling by the wayside is because so many people were promoting a really dirty version of Keto now if you're new to the game let me explain what that means a dirty version of Keto is going to In-N-Out burger or going to McDonald's and getting a burger without a bun still with the cruddy cheese and just calling it a day and eating like that day in and day out and maybe just eating keto junk foods that is no better than having processed foods in other ways as a matter of fact you could even make the argument that junk food on keto could even be worse than regular junk food you're you're substituting one thing sugar for another thing Ultra processed oils and refined things like that so it's kind of like where do you stand right they're both problematic so what I want you to focus on is whole Foods as much as possible 10 12 years ago when I first 12 years ago wow when I did the ketogenic diet and lost a bunch of weight lost 100 pounds I was using a Whole Foods approach because there wasn't a lot of ketogenic Foods out there yet so lots of ground beef I was eating broccoli it was just basic okay we need to go back to basics and think Whole Foods as much as we can if you cannot get micronutrition in from greens from veggies eat more things like ground beef get the collagen ground beef has a lot of micronutrition in it I consider it Nature's multivitamin so kind of lean into those kinds of things okay don't go for the ultr processed garbage go for lean wholesome food now number two if you're trying to use a ketogenic diet for fat loss okay the first basic thing it's obvious keep the carbs as low as you possibly can I don't need to get into any kind of granular detail there just keep them low plain and simple okay keep them low but what I would recommend you do is occasionally cycle through what is called psmf protein sparing modified fasting with a ketogenic protocol meaning you sort of go high fat than lowfat keto it works really well so higher fat keto is just like your traditional keto right it's like keeping the fats pretty high having the meat having the veggies but keeping the fats high and really indulging in those have those periods where you strip the fats away and you go really low fat and low carb this did not catch on earlier on with the ketogenic Community because it was very proat drive up ketones we have to have periods where we derve up fats and ketones and then we should have periods where we put ourselves into an extreme deficit and keep fats lower so the body has no choice but to start pulling from its own stored fat so let's say for example your body gets really used to burning the fats that you consume okay you drive in these fats and you drive up Ketone levels and then all of a sudden you abruptly stop and you just eat lean protein the body is going to be very efficient at using those fats but there's no fats coming in so it starts pulling them from your body not to mention you're in extreme deficit right so what I would recommend is go like one week of relatively high fat keto still within a caloric range that's acceptable and then go three or 4 days of protein sparing modified fast where it's high protein that's lean lean chicken lean turkey lean fish lean beef eggs but don't go too crazy with them maybe add more egg whites in okay and keep the carbs exceptionally low as well and then bring it back up we'll talk a little bit more about what it looks like from a macronutrient perspective we are now sitting at about a 50% protein macro breakdown meaning most of your calories are coming from protein 50% of your calories should be coming from protein on a ketogenic diet now does that inhibit the formation of ketones to a small degree but it does not kick you out of ketosis if anything it just helps prevent muscle breakdown which again you look at guys like Dr Ronda Patrick and you look at people like Dr Peter AA they will tell you straight up hey I stopped doing keto and fasting because it broke down muscle if we keep protein high enough that's not going to be an issue that's a moot point but here's where things get really interesting and that's the fat breakdown it's probably the most interesting part of this video nowadays we want to go more like 20% of our fats from saturated fat 20% from monounsaturated fat and 10 to 15% depending on where you're at from polyunsaturated fats but not from the form of like seed oils like some people might recommend we're going to talk about what this looks like okay this a lot of times has to do with What's called the arachadonic acid chain and all this other stuff we want to keep certain fats kind of a little bit lower but more importantly we want to consume fats that are going to be the most efficient driving up Ketone levels if we're eating a lot of protein we're going to suppress Ketone formation a little bit so we need to make that up somewhere by trying to drive up some of these ketones through different fats there's strong evidence that suggests that most unsaturated fats whether the monounsaturated or polyunsaturated will drive up ketones higher okay that is one main focus if you're after like metabolic repair doesn't mean be afraid of saturated fats it just means we need to strategically use poly and mono unsat fats but I'll explain what that R looks like okay so first and foremost your sources of monounsaturated fats are not what people always think yes olive oil is great yes macadamia nuts are great yes some of these other things are great but mono unsaturated fat I recommend you get it from eggs eggs are a significant source of monounsaturated fat fish is a tremendous source of polyunsaturated fat and it's not a seed oil macadamia nuts of course are really low omega-6 okay but they're a monounsaturated fat okay duck eating duck with the skin is like 60% monounsaturated fat yes there's saturated fat but it's mostly monounsaturated fat so go with things like even duck Tallow duck fat eat a duck breast with the skin go for it eat those kinds of meats pork believe it or not even like a pork loin is 45 to 50% monounsaturated fats there is some evidence that pork might not be the highest quality fat still if you're trying to drive up those unsaturated fats that get ketones up higher those kinds of fats are great now dark meat chicken can be good too the problem is depends on where you Source the chicken duck is a little bit more controlled it's smaller scale so you're probably not getting crazy amounts of you know weird stuff in it chicken mass-produced the dark meat might hold more of the weird stuff but still dark meat chicken is going to get you those monounsaturated fats I just recommend you get your fat from sources like that and that way you can kind of uh get your meat in and get it from a full like wholesome Source without having to get it from like a keto treat that's loaded with sunflower oil or something like that MCT oil is also huge for driving up ketone so if you're eating a lot more saturated fat you're eating a lot more meat and cheese you may want to use MCT oil a little bit more to drive those Ketone values up I'm not talking about it from a health perspective I'm talking about it from a pure Ketone perspective I do think there's evidence that when you start consuming a lot of these Omega sixes they do absorb into the cell membrane right and when you are on a ketogenic diet the line share of your calories are fats well I guess they're protein and fats but that means that you're at much more risk for sort of damaging a cellular membrane with lowquality fats so what I recommend is you have good quality saturated fats we'll talk about what those are and you have about 20% of your fats being monounsaturated fat and about 10% coming from nuts and seeds and things like that we have to look heavily at the gut okay the gut is where it all starts and on a ketogenic diet that's where people run into problems the ketogenic diet can either be extremely gut healing or extremely gut deleterious okay it all depends on where you go with that people aren't getting a lot of fiber in they're not getting a lot of greens that's one thing but they're eating the wrong kinds of fats they're eating the wrong kinds of foods in general they're causing more inflammation they're causing more oxidative stress they're not actually letting their body really do what it's supposed to do in terms of healing they're just adding more damage to it that's the problem right so first and foremost care about your microbiome whether you have fiber or not your microbiome is critical and we have evidence that suggests that independent of fiber diet will influence your microbiome there's no doubt about that okay so try to do something whether it's consuming goat milk cafir whether it's consuming yogurt whether it's consuming cotage cheese drinking cfir uh like water cfer drinking kombucha doing anything to kind of change the gut adding a probiotic in I put the link for my probiotic that I recommend all the time you've heard me talk about it before but on a lower carb ketogenic protocol it's even better than it is on another protocol that thing has changed my life it's called seed so that link down below is a 25% off discount link really interesting they actually came to me originally when I was doing keto a lot saying hey see how this impacts your ketogenic diet and I never looked back after that CU When I go really low carb I need the help with my gut microbiome and I notice a shift in how I sleep I notice a shift in my energy definitely a shift in my bloating my digestion and how I handle fats because I don't handle fats super super well anyhow so that link 25% off that is the best probiotic that I could ever recommend it's the only probiotic I literally recommend it's called seed and it's a twoin one capsule inside of a capsule so that link down below the top line of the description if you're starting a ketogenic diet that's definitely something you want to use the next thing that's really important this year with keto is if you're going to commit to keto you have to either commit all the way and allow yourself to go long enough to where carbohydrates actually start to store in your muscles from other substrates what that means is if you eat protein and fat long enough your body will actually start to create carbohydrates from those and you will actually restore muscle glycogen and you will get strong and you will have energy and Stam just like you did before keto but you have to commit to that adaptation period for 60 or 90 days period if you're not willing to do that you need to be only having your carbohydrates inra workout for a while that means during your workout take a couple tablespoons of honey there's something that's called the insulin independent glucose uptake and basically it allows glucose to come into the muscle without insulin being present so you could actually restore muscle glycogen and have more strength and more power even on a ketogenic diet by having carbs in workout up to about 50 g without really having a negative impact however if you're not working out you don't need carbs at all you absolutely positively do not need to consume carbs your body will create the amount that it needs if you are working out you might feel more of a demand for it mentally possibly physically so in which case you either have to accept the 60 to 90day indoctrination kind of that happens or have your carbs intra workout okay so that means it could look like this start the day fasted go ahead and start your workout or something like that have a couple tablespoons of honey during your workout and then after your workout resumed standard ketogenic protocol okay keeping the carbs really low keeping the fats High keeping the protein High let's talk saturated fat and sources for just a second really important thing I recommend a lot of your saturated fat come from dairy we are seeing so much evidence now on the huge metabolic benefits of dairy particular things like hard cheeses aged cheeses peino Romano peino uh Sara different things like that even parmesan these hard cheeses okay sharp cheddar age cheese raw cheese all these things are really good because they are stable fats for one but they also contain something that is called a C15 fat which I've talked about in other videos I've had doctors come on talking about it there is something that's called cellular fragility syndrome and that is where your cells become so fluid and fragile and this happens a lot on a ketogenic diet because people are consuming nothing but oils and bad fats all the time right they're just consuming keto junk and it's literally making their cell membrane fragile and fluid this means that it does not have the structure and it can go through what's called ferroptosis it can go through all different kinds of things where it essentially it becomes dysfunctional there is a fat that is in good quality cheese and good quality Dairy called a c-15 saturated fat and it actually adds structure and Scaffolding to the cell sounds like a small mechanistic thing but we're seeing that it is one of the biggest deficiencies that out there right now it is the first clinical deficiency that's been discovered in 75 years and it's because we're not getting enough good quality dairy fat because we've stripped the fat out of everything and now we're not getting the good quality dairy fat so add those good if you're going to get saturated fats in don't just get it from Super fatty cuts of meat that's only one kind of saturated fat just like there's more than one kind of carbohydrate there's more than one kind of saturated fat so get them in from different sources get age cheeses get goat cheese okay things like that these are going to good sources of this secondly if you're going to have dairy products as much as you can try to have A2 milk okay I recently came on The Advisory board for a company called Pioneer pastures you've probably seen them at stores like Target and stuff like that now they are really pushing the A2 movement because what we're finding is that most milk people when they have digestive issues it's not from the lactose more than likely it's from the proteins the beta casin the bcm7 that causes digestive inflammation that causes problems there potentially we're seeing strong evidence you could so point is is look for A2 quality mod I'm not going to say to drink particular raw products if you don't want to that doesn't really matter in this case I'm talking about the A2 variety breed of cow so if you drink milk which you probably wouldn't drink on a ketogenic diet anyway because it's pretty high carb go for A2 variety but even your cream try to go for A2 whenever possible if you're healthy metabolically and you're not dealing with insulin resistance you're not in a metabolic dysfunction you can have little bits of carbohydrates I recommend doing it that's what's different from a ketogenic diet before I don't recommend loading up on carbs to try to restore glycogen but I recommend occasionally having some things like honey occasionally having some things like maple syrup in like 15 20 G carbohydrate boluses right small amounts every other day or something like that this improves what's called glucose tolerance because if you don't use it you lose it so a lot of people went keto and they never touched a carb five years and then they had carbohydrates their blood sugar spiked they had all these problems I recommend occas dipping your toe in the water so that you do not run into that problem it sounds crazy but it will allow you to lose more fat over the long term because you're not going to become glucose intolerant you'll be able to have more stable physiological States of uh insulin sensitivity and you'll be able to handle carbs when you do have them because this isn't like a go on forever and never have a carb again you will probably have some at some point in your life you might as well establish that process where your body knows how to use it as for the sweeteners okay people have been asking me where do I stand with ariol after all the literature ariol is still fine those studies were very very flawed the Z xylol study was also very flawed same study design same research group okay essentially that was riverse causation point is I would not be concerned with the rotol or xylol even though those hit pieces went out but I would focus more on monk fruit on Stevia and obviously alos so if you're new to the ketogenic diet alose actually can modulate blood sugar alose is very inter because it will allow for the it occupies the glute 5 transporter so essentially it's occupying a transporter that would only get activated if blood sugar was high so essentially what it's doing is it's bringing blood sugar down lower okay so it's allowing for glucose to come lower and it blocks some of the receptor or some of the transporter for fructose so in essence you're basically mimicking sugar and blocking the absorption of sugar so if you do overeat any carbohydrates or sugar have allulose come in for the rescue and it can bring the glucose down and get insulin levels back up it's also just a delicious sweetener so it works really well on keto the next thing that I want you to do is when you have keto cheats make them within the ketogenic realm meaning don't go splurge and have a bunch of carbohydrates that's going to be problematic on a ketogenic diet I recommend that you go ahead and you say hey I'm going to enjoy higher saturated fat than I would normally have okay try to have something like this is going to be my night to have a massive riye with some butter and just make it a keto treat as keto treat as it gets okay but don't go overboard on things like keto snacks that are loaded with a bunch of cruddy potentially oxidized oils okay the name of the game now is clean keto and keeping oxidative stress low so simply what I mean by that is when you have a cheat meal keep it keto and keep it clean just enjoy the foods that might be higher calorie that you ordinarily wouldn't have again the rib eyes the full fat duck everything like that let's talk supplements for just a second there's a few things that have become exceptionally more important on a ketogenic diet the first one trimethyl glycine TMG you've seen my videos on it TMG is epic epic epic okay TMG also known as betane it is something that has shown in the research to be so powerful for both muscle building and fat burning at the literal same time making it one of the most potent things that we could use on a ketogenic diet we want to preserve muscle we want to burn fat so look into TMG look at some of my videos on trimethyl glycine I can link out to them down below it's a very safe very simple it's a methyl donor so it basically helps contribute to uh homosysteine being lower homosysteine getting broken down into its uh excretable format which is known as methionine complicated but check it out creatine on a ketogenic diet has become even more important okay now we seeing research on Creatine being anti-inflammatory especially in the higher amounts 5 10 even 15 grams yes you can retain some water from it but in the grand scheme of things you'll feel so much better and it's potentially anti-inflam inflammatory for the brain so trust me start adding more creatine but do it little bits throughout the day 2 and half grams here 2 and half grams there that way you're not having a big Bolis of it but you're getting up to like 5 10 maybe even 15 grams of creatine per day depending on your muscle mass yiman and ruline these are aggressive they're intense so you may want to kind of check with your doctor you know do your do your due diligence there but yimin raulin are alpha 2 adic receptor Agonist which means it basically blocks the blocking of fat loss so it unlocks the ability for your fat cell to release triglycerides free fatty acids and a glycerol molecule and you ultimately burn more fat it's like caffeine but more intense with the fat burning without much more Jitters okay I would recommend going for Raul scene which is a more filtered more clean version of Yim Bean ESS in essence it also destroys your appetite so you'll feel much better off not eating number 10 is an interesting one if you have a good doctor talk to them talk to them about what is called MZ c m o TS C it's a peptide and it's a exercise mimetic well sort of it's actually what's released from the mitochondria when we exercise we've seen in evidence that when you have people that don't exercise and then all of a sudden exercise they have a release of this Moz C peptide now we're seeing that your doctor can potentially give you mat c as a peptide and it can help mitochondrial function and therefore help fat oxidation significantly everything with keto is about the mitochondria all the way down to the Ketone formation down to the absence of glucose down to fatty acid up regulation PPR Alpha all these things have to do with the mitochondria so MC could very well be the best peptide you could explore I have used it personally I feel like it makes a ketogenic diet work even better but again a full disclaimer these things are in experimental use only right now okay so they're being studied in rodents but there are doctors out there that you can talk to that can address if this is something that would be good for you or not that's out of my wheelhouse the last thing that I want to remind people of is that fiber is still relevant I know there's so much antifiber stuff out there but fiber produces butyrate butyrate will help with Ketone formation you have to choose do you either go zero carb carnivore mode or do you have enough carbs or enough fiber rather that you can get enough of that in because low fiber is arguably worse than no fiber and low fiber is obviously worse than high fiber so I recommend 30 to 35 gram of fiber and yes those carbohydrates do not count towards your carb count remember the simple net carb equation is your total carbs minus your fiber minus your sugar alcohols that's going to be your net carbs and if you're exercising that becomes even more of a mood point so as always keep it locked in here on my channel and I'll see you tomorrow hey real quick if you're new to this channel hit that subscribe button we have videos every single day and drop a comment for the algorithm so it makes the YouTube God's happy so they don't shut me down or do something crazy they want you to talk so talk say anything whatever for the algorithm

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasDeLauerOfficial [165 likes]: Here’s my FREE Keto Meal Plan (downloadable) as a thank you for watching my channel: https://thomasdelauer.lpages.co/real-person-keto/
  2. @dHub_93: I'm doing 1g/lb protein, 100ish grams fat, and 0-30g carbs (gross not net)

My ketone level isn't crazy high but my energy is great and I check it regularly. So far, I feel better mentally and physically eating this way. I'll check back after more time passes
  3. @TheBatteryDoctor: net carbs = carbs -fiber - polyols is not correct, has never been, depends on the fiber and polyols. Only 4 polyols have 0 nets carbs, you know that (you mention all in this video). The rest can have upp to 100%. I really trust you so please do not use "net carbs = carbs -fiber - polyols" since that is what all the fake keto brands use to justify their use of IMO and maltitol.
  4. @donnafox4508: thanks for explaining the changes and sharing the new version of Keto
  5. @Jamigam: i dont get the Part where u talk about extra carbs with honey etc, so should i add 20 g carbs to my diet extra to the 20 carbs i already take per day?
  6. @Nate-zy5ce: Thank you again.  A question.  You're talking about Keto, very low carb, but what if  I  do Carnivore, no carb, combined with a baseline 18/6 fasting regiment, but once a week, or maybe once every other week I do a 36hr fast, and on the day I come out of the fast, I add breakfast back in, so it's 3 meals that day, and on that day I make a point to add in some low level of healthy more complex carbs?  A good idea?  Too much fasting?  Is either 1 day/week or 1 day/ 2 weeks enough carbs to sporadically achieve your goal?
  7. @tgill875: this is so confusing
  8. @markdowling5000: Thank you for this information on Keto.  I started on my keto journey two months ago.  I eased into it.  I eat only real food.  I am now eating a  ketogenic diet.  But my purpose is metabolic health.  I completed chemo last June.  My weight was 155 -157 lbs.  I am now 136. I am 76.  I only eat whole foods.  My biggest problem has been learning how to adjust excersise timing, that includes HIIT, weight bearing three times a week, and moderate aerobic exercise five - six times a week.
  9. @ruthnull7: Honestly this is not the ketogenic diet this is Doctor Atkins diet with just a tweak as a matter of fact I think it's the new Atkins diet he was a brilliant man and he was right all along
  10. @travaltino9606: 11:25 my country Latvia! 😀
  11. @fatjaysgarage: I already have been cycling high fat low fat.. that is awesome and makes dinner taste better when you get back to that banging steak
  12. @thetruthreckoning3318: A meal plan with all this info combined would be great for my adhd brain 😆
  13. @classifiedsincebirth: eat your meals based on a 1960 diet. people were thin because they ate whole foods at home that they cooked, and drank milk delivered to the home. Every meal was a protein, a vegetable and even a starch. After your meals, go outside and do something, anything. Cut your own grass, wash the car, just move. simple lifestyle means leaner bodies
  14. @radicalizedonline7109: Jacked PewDiePie
  15. @huynh4880: Why is this so complicated? Different version of fats at certain percentages. Give me a break. I'm going to do dirty keto because that's what I can access. You have to remember it's about the routine and how you can access the food.
  16. @prettypettyx: Day three keto and I woke up no issues at my first alarm 🎉
  17. @JPThorpe: Wife was 9+ years on strict Keto, lost 35 lbs, kept up afterwards but now with a cheat at Christmas ( always followed with a severe hangover) and now if she slips and has glucose, she’s weak and sick for weeks. Case of glucose intolerance?
  18. @lgmnowkondo938: again...casually flexing his biceps the whole time...ridiculous.
  19. @jjsmama401: I think for me I will just do a fast once a week.  Once I start eating I lose control.
  20. @tomganor1187: great info thank you

- From Keto To Plant-Based: 'Watching The Game Changers Changed My Health': Kind: captions Language: en - My name is Dan Hancock and four months ago I watched "The Game Changers" documentary and it completely changed my life. (logo popping) (logo whooshing) Two weeks before watching "The Game Changers" documentary I was doing ketogenic diet and I was eating a lot of burrito bowls, fajitas-type style with a lotta cheese, a lot of seafood, chicken, and a lotta sour cream and guacamole and vegetables and a lotta oil was in those. So what I really liked about "The Game Changers" that really stuck out to me was that NFL players are, specifically the Tennessee Titan players are transitioning to a plant-based diet with really opened my mind because I was an ex-ballplayer and that's a real macho sport and it's all about getting your protein and eating meat and I'm seeing that these guys are doing this so they can prolong their careers and play at a higher level and that opened my eyes. So I'm thinking well, if these guys are doing it then there's something to it. After watching "The Game Changers" I went cold turkey the next day and just started eating a lot of fresh fruit, fresh vegetables. I was just amazed that I could eat basically all day long and I still was losing weight and I was always satisfied, I was always full. I've lost 63 pounds, I've gone from a size 2X shirt down to a large, I've gone from a size 42 waist down to a 34 waist. And the thing is, I also, I mean I've worked out my entire adult life, even when I was at school I worked out, so I've always been in the gym but my diet was so poor that I always thought that I was okay 'cause I was in the gym doing cardio, I mean running, lifting, doing whatever but I never, the results never showed until I started to eat properly. I mean I was a carnivore, I mean I love meat, I had meat with every meal, probably breakfast, lunch, and dinner, maybe not breakfast always but if I had the choice I would. And then I had minimal vegetables if possible and I could change, anybody could change, anybody can do this but you gotta wanna do it, you gotta realize why you're going it. I mean, I'm only four months in but every week, month, I just feel better. It's like I'm getting, I'm healing myself every single week, or every single meal, one meal at a time, you know. If it works for me, I really think it'll work for you because I loved to eat meat and dairy and I did so for the majority of my life. And if I can go, if I can do this, you can do it as well. You got nothing to lose, try it for 30 days, if it doesn't work for you, then go back to your old way but I think that you'll continue to do it 'cause it really is life-changing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PLANTBASEDNEWS [16 likes]: Watch the film today: https://gamechangersmovie.com/
  2. @vincentdmercer [1 likes]: from 3 years of carnivore to Plant based  now 3 weeks and I love it!
  3. @anir8023 [1 likes]: And for me quite opposite, plantbased made my joints ache, sleepy, lethargic, bloating, fermenting, huge pregnancy belly, freaking farting (which is not normal ) sleepy after food, gaining weight. And switching to carnivore no dairy just adding avocado made me happy again ! I walk again, flat tummy, eating once a day feeling so satisfied. So tried and #meatheals for me !
  4. @Garion24601 [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing Dan; it's amazing to watch all these different journeys people go through, but all roads to optimal health lead to whole food plant based diet.   I have lost 70 lbs myself this past year (252 - 180), doing a bunch of different things (Cardio / calorie counting / Paleo / Keto / Fasting, strength training, eliminating processed foods, minimal sugar, etc.)...all of it helped, but for long lasting health and to keep the weight off, I need to move completely to a whole food plant based diet.   Can't do it cold turkey like you did Dan, but I have started by removing all animal products from my dinner meal...almost an immediate positive difference...looking forward to being animal product free by end of June 2020.
  5. @Tam438 [1 likes]: Wow! What a transformation!
  6. @merrilouneigenfind104: Been plant based nine years. Never looked back. My youngest child was in high school and had college in front of her. Wanted to be there for her and I have been.
  7. @Mike-nq3lq: If the vegan diet is so great then why is it so lacking in key nutrients?  Iodine, B12, heme iron, zinc, D3. A diet that you have to supplement for is sus.  I think eating 85/15 is an optimal, omnivorous way to go. My two cents.
  8. @aaronrender4867: Been dairy and meat free for 6 days and although im still working out the no oil thing i must say im impressed. Down from 298 to 287 in less than a week with WFPB and a 18/6 IF schedule. Have had 3 lifting days since the transition and strength and endurance during workouts haven’t been an issue so far. I went from 360 to 274 doing keto and or low carb but put almost 25 pounds on after burnout on keto as well as sleep apnea issues actually getting worse on keto. In the last week my AHI has went from in between 5 to 8.5 with the occasional 13+ to 6 days str8 never above 3. Have had a few meals with meat substitutes but hey gotta start somewhere right. My sleep has been so much better though with heavy carbs. Only concern has been blood sugar slightly elevated but coming from ketosis i figured as much as my blood sugar stayed very low on keto.
  9. @cesarsantosbradleychevy5970: thanks. great video
  10. @angelawilson4905: BEST TRADITIONAL HERBAL CURE FOR HEPATITIS B DISEASE AND CANCER .Hi Friends am so glad to write this article today to tell the world how my Hepatitis B DISEASE was cured,i have been detected with hepatitis disease, ever since then my life has been in complete bizarre and agony,i have used so many drugs that was prescribed to me by several doctors,but it didn't cure my hepatitis disease neither did it reduce the pain,until a certain day i was checking for solution in the internet,then miraculously came across DR. AMOS  the powerful herbalist that cure numerous individuals HEPATITIS DISEASE AND Cancer then i contacted his email (dramosehikioya@gmail.com) and his i explained everything to him and prepared a cure and send it to me that cure my hepatitis disease totally after receiving his herbal medicine, he also cure my friend from Cancer DISEASE so my friends viewer so why wait and suffer when there is someone like DR AMOS that can cure any disease, kidney disease,HPV, also, Cardiovascular disease (CVD), Coronary heart disease,herpes, how, cancer. you can contact via email:(dramosehikioya@gmail.com)
  11. @adamv4951: I've done both keto and plant based.  I have found I lose fat more quickly on plant based.
  12. @edibads: What I like about eating plantbased is I dont have to kill myself with exercise or starve myself and I still lose weight. Plus I also feel better and balanced. I don't have to take my hypertension meds too.
  13. @jeremywright5036: I'm currently at the end of day 1. Gone through so many diets, none really worked and it wasnt till I saw the game Changers that I understood why not.
  14. @evagosselin5434: Wow, such an awsome transformation, you look great and thankyou for loving the animals enough to give up the meat, good for you and them!😊
  15. @54031f: About 3 years ago, I decided to be a vegan just for 30 days. The first week was hell week. Only because it was supposed to be for 30 days, I tolerated it. Second week was better. Third week, I told myself, there is no going back. After 3 years, I am still having low-fat plant-based diet. All we need to do, is to give it a chance. You don't like it, go back to your ordinary diet. But I seriously think, once one has experienced it, it is hard to go back to non-plantbased diet.
  16. @MaraMoreCom: Awesome! I'll be vegan 30 years on Aug 8, 2020! I'd like to celebrate with a vegan president. www.Tulsi2020.com
  17. @cutemartinj: Man changes diet and loses weight
  18. @veka: Well done, great results. Keep it on. :)
  19. @nouse4aname909: ❤
  20. @sueharrison6718: Not sure he was keto. I mean he had a beer in his hand. If he avoided vegetables he could still be eating pasta bread sugar etc with his meat. The SAD in fact.

- How to Start the Ketogenic Diet Correctly?: Kind: captions Language: en welcome today we're going to show you how to&nbsp; start keto correctly and this is for beginners&nbsp;&nbsp; what are we trying to do we're trying to switch&nbsp; what your body is running on as far as fuel-wise&nbsp;&nbsp; so we want to switch from burning sugar fuel to&nbsp; fat fuel there's this one hormone called insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the key to determine whether you're going&nbsp; to burn fat or burn sugar so you want to keep it&nbsp;&nbsp; low to burn fat when it goes higher your body&nbsp; will burn sugar very simply lower your carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; and eat less meals that's different than&nbsp; lowering your calories now by eating less meals&nbsp;&nbsp; you are going to lower your calories but that's&nbsp; not the goal you could actually eat larger meals&nbsp;&nbsp; just not as frequent why is it a good idea to&nbsp; eat less frequent meals because every time you&nbsp;&nbsp; eat you trigger insulin every time you eat carbs&nbsp; you trigger insulin so we're just trying to lower&nbsp;&nbsp; this insulin the combination between these two&nbsp; are very very powerful so what are you going to&nbsp;&nbsp; eat in a meal well first thing you have to eat&nbsp; low carb so you want to cut down all your carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; that includes sugar and i'm talking about honey&nbsp; agave nectar brown sugar white sugar date sugar&nbsp;&nbsp; all sugar you can replace it in various&nbsp; recipes with what's called sugar alcohols&nbsp;&nbsp; i put some links down below of examples of&nbsp; that so you can learn about that but there's&nbsp;&nbsp; these sweet alternative sugar sources that&nbsp; you can use so that means that when you go&nbsp;&nbsp; buy food you have to start reading the labels&nbsp; and looking at the sugar content you want it&nbsp;&nbsp; as close to zero as possible you want to&nbsp; avoid fruit except for berries there's&nbsp;&nbsp; three berries raspberries strawberries and&nbsp; blackberries you can have those in small amounts&nbsp;&nbsp; but no other fruit especially apples grains like&nbsp; wheat flour that they make breads pasta cereal&nbsp;&nbsp; crackers biscuits you want to avoid that but&nbsp; guess what there's a substitute there's a people&nbsp;&nbsp; use almond flour to make all sorts of things from&nbsp; pizza crust to bread to you name it so there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of recipes that you can use as an alternative&nbsp; grain avoid starches like potatoes but guess what&nbsp;&nbsp; there's all these recipes that you can make out of&nbsp; cauliflower that is very similar to the starches&nbsp;&nbsp; not identical but you can make things that are&nbsp; very close to tasting like mashed potatoes you can&nbsp;&nbsp; even make a cauliflower crust for your pizza it's&nbsp; quite good now when i say cut out all the carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; there's an exception vegetables in fact you want&nbsp; to consume more vegetables at least seven cups you&nbsp;&nbsp; know even more that could be salads or other types&nbsp; of vegetables like bell peppers like cabbage like&nbsp;&nbsp; broccoli kale brussels sprouts and at this level&nbsp; that i'm teaching you you can even do carrots and&nbsp;&nbsp; tomatoes beets don't worry about that you can have&nbsp; those and the last point about vegetables is that&nbsp;&nbsp; ideally if you eat them first it's going to be a&nbsp; lot easier to consume seven cups than after you&nbsp;&nbsp; have the protein and fat because this is going to&nbsp; fill you up pretty fast so i always consume the&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetable first now you can consume it at the same&nbsp; time but just as a strategy to make sure you get&nbsp;&nbsp; enough vegetables in your diet i like to consume&nbsp; these first because very few people consume enough&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetables and one last point vegetables provide&nbsp; two things they provide food for your microbes&nbsp;&nbsp; that then help your blood sugars and help give you&nbsp; energy also they provide a lot of nutrients like&nbsp;&nbsp; potassium and magnesium and even vitamin c because&nbsp; what are we trying to do we're trying to do keto&nbsp;&nbsp; correctly and by correctly i mean healthily okay&nbsp; number two moderate protein not massive amounts&nbsp;&nbsp; like in the atkins diet but moderate amounts&nbsp; that could be depending on your size and&nbsp;&nbsp; your metabolism and your age between three and&nbsp; eight ounces maybe you're 18 years old and you&nbsp;&nbsp; work out hardcore you're gonna need maybe more&nbsp; protein so rather than have a little scale and&nbsp;&nbsp; measure it just consume protein the size of the&nbsp; palm of your hand maybe a little bit more a little&nbsp;&nbsp; less okay just to kind of keep it really simple at&nbsp; this level what type of protein different types of&nbsp;&nbsp; meat fish chicken seafood eggs cheese unless you&nbsp; have an allergy or any type of severe gut issue&nbsp;&nbsp; nuts or nut butters also make sure that&nbsp; you if you buy peanut butter or whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; you read the ingredients to make sure it doesn't&nbsp; have added sugar you don't want to add sugar to&nbsp;&nbsp; any of these because sometimes when you have&nbsp; like deli meats they have dextrose in there or&nbsp;&nbsp; extra sugar if you're having bacon&nbsp; they have extra sugar added you&nbsp;&nbsp; preferably keep the sugar away from your protein&nbsp; all right with the protein as far as the order of&nbsp;&nbsp; when you eat it you just ate your vegetable&nbsp; your salad now you start with your protein&nbsp;&nbsp; the key with the protein is not to consume lean&nbsp; protein or low fat protein try to consume protein&nbsp;&nbsp; that has more fat why because that's going&nbsp; to help your insulin levels when you consume&nbsp;&nbsp; protein that's very low fat and lean as in like&nbsp; powders especially like whey protein powder&nbsp;&nbsp; you majorly increase insulin versus consuming&nbsp; fattier meat or fattier fish or like brie cheese&nbsp;&nbsp; which is has more fat so that's a really key&nbsp; point about protein all right the third thing&nbsp;&nbsp; is that you're on a higher fat diet now when we&nbsp; talk about higher fats mainly we're talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; the calories there's more than twice as many&nbsp; calories in fat than there is protein in carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; so based on calories it would be a higher fat diet&nbsp; so i'm not going to say anything more to confuse&nbsp;&nbsp; you on that point but realize that when you're&nbsp; consuming the protein guess what you're consuming&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of the fat in your diet already because&nbsp; protein always comes with fat but you may add&nbsp;&nbsp; some additional fats let's say some avocado&nbsp; butter to cook your food in or let's say you&nbsp;&nbsp; melt the butter on your vegetables which is a good&nbsp; idea because the veggies have certain fat soluble&nbsp;&nbsp; natural chemicals in there that are good for you&nbsp; even antioxidants they're called phytonutrients&nbsp;&nbsp; and adding oil to your salad whether it's&nbsp; olive oil or butter over your vegetables&nbsp;&nbsp; will help you extract those nutrients out of that&nbsp; meal that's why it's good to combine these things&nbsp;&nbsp; right here olives or olive oil is very very good&nbsp; coconut oil is actually also pretty good and of&nbsp;&nbsp; course some of these are in the fat category like&nbsp; nuts for example or half fat and half protein&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit of carb cheese is protein and fat&nbsp; eggs are protein and fat so a lot of these are fat&nbsp;&nbsp; too so both of these are kind of a combination but&nbsp; if you're starting keto a lot of times people add&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe some nuts or cheese after the meal to be&nbsp; more satisfied so that's something that they do&nbsp;&nbsp; and so that's why i said eat this third but of&nbsp; course it could be within the meal now there's&nbsp;&nbsp; certain fats you definitely want to avoid&nbsp; soy oil corn oil canola oil cottonseed oil&nbsp;&nbsp; even the safflower oil the sunflower oil i would&nbsp; be careful about consuming too much of those&nbsp;&nbsp; these are gmo they have chemicals in them but&nbsp; the problem is they're highly inflammatory even&nbsp;&nbsp; though it's a fat it's the wrong type of fat that&nbsp; you want in your body and you probably see these&nbsp;&nbsp; in salad dressings and many different products&nbsp; like mayonnaise in there so you're going to have&nbsp;&nbsp; to kind of start reading labels and really get&nbsp; picky on certain things that you're going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; buying so we talked about generally what to&nbsp; eat but we also want to talk about eating less&nbsp;&nbsp; meals right less frequent meals we're going&nbsp; to do intermittent fasting we're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; combine both of these together to really take that&nbsp; insulin and bring it down to our normal level so&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the rule of thumb don't eat unless&nbsp; you are hungry now let me define hungry&nbsp;&nbsp; because sometimes you might get a little&nbsp; bit of hunger but you still feel strong&nbsp;&nbsp; uh you still feel fine your mood is good we'll&nbsp; try to push through that okay there's also a&nbsp;&nbsp; difference between hunger and also like a habit&nbsp; people have like a habit of eating all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; even when they're not hungry because they feel&nbsp; that they're not as full as maybe they should be&nbsp;&nbsp; so you don't have to be full all the time we're&nbsp; talking about hungry and a true hunger is like wow&nbsp;&nbsp; i feel like i really need to eat i feel a little&nbsp; bit weaker i feel a little shaky i'm starting&nbsp;&nbsp; to notice i'm a little bit more irritable okay&nbsp; that is what we're talking about not some little&nbsp;&nbsp; temporary hunger number two ideally you want&nbsp; to skip the breakfast you can do this on a&nbsp;&nbsp; gradual level where you keep pushing your&nbsp; breakfast later and later and later or just&nbsp;&nbsp; cut it right out and just skip breakfast instead&nbsp; have your coffee with a little butter in it a&nbsp;&nbsp; tablespoon of butter and or mct oil which will&nbsp; help you greatly in making ketones which is very&nbsp;&nbsp; therapeutic to your brain and it'll satisfy you so&nbsp; as you're trying to transition into the state of&nbsp;&nbsp; ketosis which you're burning fat because ketones&nbsp; are a byproduct of burning fat if you add mct oil&nbsp;&nbsp; that will give you ketones right away and it'll&nbsp; make the transition a little more comfortable&nbsp;&nbsp; especially with your cognitive function so this is&nbsp; a good idea and if you did this coffee with this&nbsp;&nbsp; these two fats it's going to be very easy to&nbsp; skip breakfast also i want to note that about&nbsp;&nbsp; 8 am in the morning is when you have this&nbsp; hormonal shift with cortisol might go up and&nbsp;&nbsp; you may find a temporary about a half hour kind&nbsp; of a a sense like i i'm ready to eat something&nbsp;&nbsp; it's the cortisol it's a hormonal shift and it can&nbsp; increase your appetite just ignore that and push&nbsp;&nbsp; through that okay so we're skipping our breakfast&nbsp; at this point number three very importantly do not&nbsp;&nbsp; snack through the day that little snack&nbsp; even though it's low amount of calories&nbsp;&nbsp; will make you hungry eating stimulates hunger&nbsp; especially if it's in the form of a snack&nbsp;&nbsp; so just cut out all snacking it's very very&nbsp; important if you get the temptation the snack&nbsp;&nbsp; just realize that you didn't consume enough fat&nbsp; at the last meal so the next meal add more fat&nbsp;&nbsp; to the diet so you can go easily from one&nbsp; meal to the next so it's important to add&nbsp;&nbsp; more fat to go longer there's a lot of details&nbsp; to fill in the blank but typically you can drink&nbsp;&nbsp; water tea coffee anything without sugar you can&nbsp; take your vitamins it's not going to be a problem&nbsp;&nbsp; and again there's a lot of details that i'm&nbsp; not covering but i'm just giving you the basics&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's say your first meal is at noon okay&nbsp; you eat your meal don't really worry at this&nbsp;&nbsp; point about calories because we're not trying to&nbsp; reduce calories all we're trying to do is have&nbsp;&nbsp; that first meal make sure it fits what i said&nbsp; in the last slide and then the second meal at&nbsp;&nbsp; six so that gives you a six hour eating window&nbsp; and 18-hour fast okay if you don't snack&nbsp;&nbsp; which is huge this is going to allow you to see&nbsp; a lot of benefits with this program so that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the summary of how to do keto correctly before&nbsp; you go if you have a question about a product&nbsp;&nbsp; or you're new to keto and you want to know&nbsp; how to begin keto or you're on keto and you&nbsp;&nbsp; need a debug because it's not going as smooth i&nbsp; have a keto consultant standing by to help you&nbsp;&nbsp; this is just for the people in the us hopefully in&nbsp; the future we'll be able to answer everyone's call&nbsp;&nbsp; but i put the number down below&nbsp; so you can call and get some help

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [34 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @C-TRAIN77 [1 likes]: I started keto a week ago, and I already see a difference
  3. @destinydushane2107: Do you have a more updated video than this? Some of the sweeteners have been found to be bad for your heart. I really want to do the right thing. Thank you.
  4. @Tobytobers1: I did dr Bernstein which is a keto diet and I lost 10 pounds a week...key was increase water! 1 litre 3xs a day...I burned a pound a day why? You pee out fat.
  5. @bettylashley9321: Cant skip meals or hungar get nauseated or stomach hurts
  6. @bettylashley9321: How to eat steamed veg or raw veg with IBS
  7. @RonaldSanford-pl7tf: I understand that any lifestyle change is uncomfortable. This, makes me wonder where is the joy of eating? I don’t know, I’m not sure I could do this plan.
  8. @DENISEASTUNO-ow1qz: Thank you ❤
  9. @scaramochixx: is it okay that i want to do this diet at 16? this wont mess me up right?
  10. @margaretbrisbin6261: So no protein powder 🤷🏻‍♀️
  11. @damjanjelic4970: fewer meals*

Hard to take you as a credible source of information when the poor grammar shines in the first 30 seconds.
  12. @zenub815: Do u have a diet for depression and colon problem ?thanks
  13. @rehmasiddique5084: NO FRUITS?
  14. @BaronBSOfficial: Can I fry my veggie with bacon and butter?
  15. @BrendaDion-g8p: It doesn't seem like the Keto diet is sustainable.
  16. @sugandhamishra7230: Is it okay to take protein powder because I strength train and I need more protein.
  17. @VideoRangerDan: How do you ever poop if the carbs are low or non-existent??this is what holds me back from super low carb diet. Very confused about this? Afraid of constipation. It's horrible? Thanks..
  18. @classifiedsincebirth: two meals a day?   noon and 6 only? i guess Hiit training at the gym isnt gonna happen
  19. @glorzoglory998: Dr Berg, I struggle with sleep, so I often try to have my supper/ last meal around 9 or 8 PM. I have chronic insomnia and often find myself awake and hungry at 12 AM. Even though my eating window is 3 hours longer, I still keep it to 2 meals daily. I can achieve OMAD, when I spend my weekdays going to my 9-5, during the work day, I get so busy that I will skip lunch and don't feel hungry.
  20. @curryhamilton9: Does honey count as sugar ?

- Change Your Diet, Change Your Mind: Ketogenic Therapy for Mental Health w/ Dr. Georgia Ede: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the metabolic link a medical and science focused podcast that explores the common thread of metabolism in health and disease this is where science meets Society hi I'm Dr Georgia Eid I'm a nutritional and metabolic psychiatrist practicing in Massachusetts and I'm the author of a new book called change your diet change your mind I first became interested in the relationship between metabolic health and mental health when I started studying nutrition for the first time for completely different reasons and uh came across information about ketogenic diets uh for epilepsy uh it's been known for over 100 years now that ketogenic diets can stabilize brain chemistry in people with epilepsy and as a psychiatrist who had been prescribing epilepsy medications to people with bipolar disorder for many years it struck me that if a diet could would help with epilepsy could it also help with bipolar disorder and I started to think about epilepsy because there are so many uh so many uh similarities underlying biochemical similarities between epilepsy and bipolar disorder I started to think about uh uh bipolar disorder as a sort of emotional epilepsy and started wondering whether or not a ketogenic diet could be useful in stabilizing brain chemistry in people with mood disorders and so that one thing led to another and I began to study ketogenic diets specifically not just for bipolar disorder but for all aspects of mental health so I first started incorporating nutrition principles into my clinical work in 2009 at that point it really wasn't about ketogenic diets it was about Whole Food principles and you know meeting the the brain's nutritional requirements uh with less toxicity less inflammation less oxidative stress and and then really from there as I studied the ketogenic diet more and more about 2012 2013 was when I started incorporating ketogenic diets into my clinical work uh in private practice and what I started to notice was that regardless of the diagnosis the ketogenic diet seemed to have unique therapeutic benefits that medications that I'd never seen uh possible with medications so uh whether the issue was an attention issue or a memory issue or a mood issue uh concentration issue productivity uh sleep whatever the issue was uh that a ketogenic diet seemed to have uh benefits for almost everybody who was willing to try it uh now certainly it does not work for everybody but the vast majority of people I've worked with over these many years have uh have have benefited in some noticeable and meaningful way to a ketogenic diet if they're willing to follow it in terms of the role that Ketone specifically uh how how it is that ketones specifically uh help mental health uh for example uh for a lot of people who have insulin resistance meaning that over the years uh from eating the wrong way following a high insulin lifestyle that's led to high insulin levels say for example eating too many of the wrong carbohydrates too often over many many years which places a tremendous Demand on our insulin production system and Insulin signaling system over time that can damage uh the insulin signaling system and make it uh more and more difficult for cells throughout the body to respond to insulin's important messages so this includes in the brain so what happens in the brain in people with insulin resistance is that the more insulin resistant they become the harder and harder it is for insulin itself to cross into the brain so glucose still crosses in no questions asked but insulin has a more and more difficult time and so the more insulin resistant you are the lower your brain insulin level can be so what you can see is in people with insulin resistances you can see a brain swimming in a sea of glucose and still be slowly starving to death because the brain can't process glucose to full capacity efficiently without adequate insulin when you then place somebody on a ketogenic diet those ketones will cross easily into the brain and they can bridge that energy gap uh that is left by that sluggish brain glucose processing so now uh now the brain is now running on two fuels some glucose the brain does still need some glucose at all times but all of those sputtering cells that have been trying to get by with not quite adequate glucose uh processing for a long period of time those can come back online and often even within a matter of a few days people will notice a difference in their ability to concentrate their ability to uh think clearly and and a much more stable stable mood and and better mental energy mental Clarity so um the ketones Revitalize the brain's energy Supply in people with insulin resistance metabolic health is simply the how your cells are functioning from dayto day how are they getting their energy how are they taking care of cells how are they clearing away waste products it's really the day-to-day operation system of the cell and so metabolic health is is the the day-to-day operational health of all of your cells so uh of course then it would make sense that that you couldn't have excellent mental health without excellent metabolic health because the brain is full of cells that need to have all of their requirements met so uh when people go on a ketogenic diet it's as though they're shifting their brain's operating system sort of uh uh to to a more efficient mode where all of the pathways not just one pathway here or there the way medications work but all of the you each cell's uh energy production systems operational systems manag M systems Waste Disposal Systems every system of of every single one of those cells is functioning uh uh more efficiently and so when that happens of course the brain will work better and so no matter what kind of a mental health issue you have or how long you've had it you can see substantial improvements in sort of overall brain health and overall and symptoms of a wide variety of mental health disorders so many people underappreciate the powerful role of nutrition in uh in brain health so when when I was in medical school four years of medical school we probably had two or three hours worth of nutrition education and nothing about the relationship between food and the brain and then four years of Psychiatry residency we didn't talk about food once so when I left residency I really never it did not cross my mind uh that the food choices we made were having an impact on our Mental Health and so it wouldn't be until 10 years later after practicing conventionally prescribing medications uh offering Psychotherapy and despite loving my work and really enjoying all the aspects of my work most of my patients weren't getting better and I wasn't alone um my colleagues also some of who had been practicing for decades all of our practices were filling up with patients who weren't getting that much better so uh when when I started studying nutrition and I I I came to the realization like how fundamentally important our food choices are to our brain health um what I learned was that uh all most of the information that we have about nutrition and how to feed our bodies and our brains is incorrect so what what we really need to be thinking about you know we've thought about for so long you know what is a heart healthy diet what is a a diet that's healthy for your waistline we don't usually ask what is a brain healthy diet and a brain healthy diet is very different when you look at the actual science of how cells work and how foods work in the body um what the brain needs in order to produce energy and maintain itself and work properly and maintain its beautiful balance of neurotransmitters and uh all the other important things the brain does is that you need to nourish the brain with all essential nutrients which the standard guidelines do not do you need to protect the brain from damaging ingredients in the diet which our modern guidelines do not do and you need to energize the brain safely over the lifespan in a way that protects brain metabolism and uh which our modern diets do not do and and really that last point about um about uh energizing the brain safely over the lifespan is largely to do with keeping glucose and insulin levels in a healthy range so my hope for the future of mental health uh so the reason I wrote this book it's called change your diet change your mind is because I want people to know how much more control they have over their mental health than they realize and how quickly they can experience really profound changes in the way they think and the way they feel and the way they behave uh if they understand which dietary changes are most worth making and why because so much of what we're told about brain food is is about strategies that do not work putting more blueberries on top of your oatmeal putting flax seeds in your smoothie having more dark choc drinking more red wine these strategies they don't work not only don't they work they actually can work against you uh because there's there's no science behind these strategies and uh this theory that all we need to do is eat more plant Foods more colorful plant Foods full of uh antioxidants um that superfood strategy not only doesn't it work but the foods that we're being told to consume or the products we're being told to consume that are so rich and these antioxidants are usually also loaded either with sugar or with alcohol so for example in the case of dark chocolate sugar in the case of red wine alcohol what you're doing is you might have a tiny little bit of a plant antioxidant plti oxidant inside you know those those Foods or beverages but in the case of chocolate it's surrounded uh by Sugar which is a powerful promoter of oxidative stress which is what we're trying to fight with antioxid in the first place in the case of red wine that little lonely milligram of resveratol that antioxidant red wine that's supposed to be so good for the brain is swimming in a sea of alcohol which is another powerful promoter of oxidative stress that we're trying to fight with antioxidants so I think what people I wish people understood more and what I explained in the book is that you your body doesn't need antioxidants from the outside your cells are equipped with their own internal antioxidants to deal with oxidative stress so the question is why do we have so much excessive oxidative stress in the first place and all that ex excess oxidative stress that we're told to eat more antioxidants for it's coming from the foods we're eating so if you know which foods are causing are the root cause of that oxidative stress and you remove those from the diet then your own internal antioxidant systems can mop up those excess free radicals that that we naturally expect to see from you know eating even a healthy Whole Food's diet there's a certain amount of oxidative stress that we are we are naturally supposed to see when we eat it's part and parcel of food processing but uh so if you take the culprits out of the way and let your body you can let your you can trust your body to do the rest so when people go on a ketogenic diet especially if it's a Whole Food's properly constructed well formulated ketogenic diet the one of the reasons why that is such a powerful antioxid strategy is because it removes so much of the sugar and flour and other refined carbohydrates uh that promote the oxidative stress in the first place so the metabolic Health Summit is important because it focuses on uh really the root causes of most of the chronic mental and physical health diseases we all fear so whether it's depression or Dementia or obesity or cardiovascular disease or fatty liver disease certain forms of cancer um all of these conditions that we think of as normal normal parts of Aging uh all of these conditions which we think uh we have so little control over they're really rooted in uh living a high insulin lifestyle uh and most of metabolic Health has to do with controlling your insulin levels and not about your glucose levels because uh you know as as as so many people who come to this conference already know we're not looking at the right markers we're not we most people uh at least in this country are are are taught to believe that they I mean I think people are starting to understand they do need to pay attention to their blood sugar levels but their blood sugar levels are one that's one of the last dominoes to fall is the fasting blood sugar and that's the test that most people get when they go to their to their Healthcare practitioner uh but by the time your fasting blood sugar level is uh above normal then uh it's it's you already have a significant amount of metabolic damage what you want to know is how much insulin is it taking for you to keep that fasting blood sugar under control and because those High insulin levels are what are damaging your metabolism over time they're damaging your insulin signaling system uh they are slowly silently uh choking off your brain your brain's energy Supply and of course that's going to lead to all kinds of problems uh for every cell in the body not not not uh uh not just the brain cells but uh where it comes to the brain it's it's particular important because one of the diseases we all fear and that we feel we have no control over is Alzheimer's disease when actually we know we've been known for 20 years now that there's a there's a huge uh um uh relationship there's not not just a not just an association between insulin resistance and Alzheimer's disease there is actually a causal a direct causal relationship between insulin resistance and Alzheimer's disease and most people don't know that so most people don't know uh that there's already something they can do right now uh that that could dramatically reduce their risk for Alzheimer's disease so the metabolic Health Summit is really important because it helps get the word out to more people uh to pay attention not just to their glucose levels but to their insulin levels to all these other markers of metabolic Health such as you know to pay attention to your waistline and pay attention to your triglyceride levels uh and and uh and maybe maybe even invest in a glucose monitor for a couple of weeks and see what's happening after you eat the breakfast that you think is so healthy for you just just get curious um get and and and and feel empowered to do something to turn things around uh so many of these diseases we're told we have no control over and that all we can do is take more medication or that runs in our families and what the metabolic Health Summit does is it tells people you know this is something we already know how to manage and so you can take control right now and change the course of your future if you have the right information so the metabolic Health Initiative is really important because we need credible science-based evidence-based uh education platforms to help uh clinicians who may be more skeptical or who may uh not have enough information to see how powerful the science is and hear it from from credible sources uh that they can trust and and and then bring that information into their clinical work so um uh and I have experience with this I teach a a training program a CME accredited training program for clinicians in ketogenic diets for mental health and my experience with that uh uh uh having taught that that course for almost four years now is that people are really hungry for this this kind of information people want new strategies to offer their patients they want the information they want to be able to share new Cutting Edge uh ideas and therapies that actually work um and and and and they they they need the information and they need the tools to be able to do it so in so for example with the metabolic Health Initiative which uh you know being run by by you know scientific uh being being run by you know leading clinicians and and researchers in the field scientists in the field that I I think that that will really help to educate the next generation of clinicians so that we it will start to become normal uh and uh to incorporate these kinds of principles into into everyday clinical practice I think very quickly with the help of the metabolic Health Initiative uh people who don't practice this way are going to start to be viewed as uh using outdated outdated strategies and that's exactly what we need to happen thanks for listening to this episode of the metabolic link if you're enjoying this podcast please share subscribe follow and leave us a comment or review on whichever platform you use to tune in we hope you'll join us next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @mjones2619 [18 likes]: So important to know how bad sugar harms the body, it’s also impacts Alzheimer’s and dementia the second diabetes. I’ve been on keto diet for three weeks and my mood and sleep is improving everyday.
  2. @MetabolicHealthSummit [10 likes]: Join us for a live Q&A with Dr. Ede on March 6th! Register here: https://membership.metabolicinitiative.com/georgiaede
  3. @valeriesanchez3074 [4 likes]: Keto with the addition of intermittent fasting does wonders. I personally do a 24 hr fast once a week then eat very low carbs at 12 noon and 5 pm and fast throughout until noon again. Helps to reset insulin sensitivity, heal broken cells, reduce cancer risk, lower blood pressure etc. In another video also mentioned to treat alzheimers , dementia better to perform a 3 day water fast.
Well, long story short, keto + fasting= incredible healing.
  4. @葉瓊鞠 [4 likes]: 一、講座核心內容總結
1. 飲食與腦部代謝的關係
Dr. Ede 強調現代飲食（高糖、高精製碳水、超加工食品）會引發慢性發炎、氧化壓力與胰島素抗性，這些都是導致抑鬱、焦慮、多型鬱躁症等精神狀態的幕後因素 

2. 低碳酮體作為腦部穩定燃料
在飲食導致胰島素升高、細胞阻抗時，腦部能量供應障礙，導致思維不清晰、情緒波動。採用酮體為主燃料的飲食（即生酮飲食）能提供更穩定、清潔的能量來源，有助於提高腦部穩定性與情緒控制 
3. 精神疾病與癲癇之間的相關性
她提到生酮飲食長久以來用於控制癲癇（尤其難治型），同時許多心理健康疾病（如躁鬱症）也涉及神經穩定性失衡。這些類似性使生酮飲食成為一種腦部穩定飲食治療策略 

4. 個人化飲食策略的重要性
並非每個人都適用同一種飲食方式。Dr. Ede 建議從「Quiet Paleo」開始（低敏、低碳、不加調味），若無效再進階至「Quiet Keto」，最後可能演變為「Quiet Carnivore」。透過逐步 reintroduce 食物，找到最適個人化飲食模

5. 飲食對成癮與暴食的潛在幫助
許多案例指出，採生酮或類肉食飲食後，暴食、酒精渴望或賭博衝動等行為顯著改善。這類飲食可協助穩定血糖與情緒，有助於減少衝動性

二、書中重點概念
來自《Change Your Diet, Change Your Mind》一書與講座一致的核心概念包括：

項目	要點說明
胰島素抗性與所謂「腦部第3型糖尿病」	胰島素阻抗時，腦無法有效利用葡萄糖，導致能量短缺與情緒失調 
厭惡植物食物理論	部分植物含抗營養物質（如草酸、苯甲酸、植酸等），可能加重腦部／腸道敏感者的症狀 
Dr. Ronald Hoffman |
營養完整性與動物性食物	建議攝取高品質動物蛋白質、脂肪與適量低碳蔬菜以確保長期腦部營養健康 

三、臨床與實踐建議
若正在考慮飲食介入常見精神症狀（如焦慮、情緒不穩、躁鬱傾向等），建議先諮詢熟悉代謝精神醫學或生酮療法的臨床醫師。

檢測胰島素、空腹血糖、裡脂比、炎症指標等代謝指標，有助於評估生酮飲食是否適合個人情況。

生酮並非一勞永逸，亦需搭配飲食多樣性管理、電解質補充、個人化追蹤。

四、總結
Dr. Ede 的講座與著作共同強調：

飲食是影響腦部能量、神經傳導與情緒穩定的關鍵。

生酮飲食可作為精神疾病的輔助治療策略，特別對於難以控制的情緒或衝動症狀有潛在益處。

強調從簡到嚴漸進個人化飲食調整，並非所有人都適合走到最嚴格的Carnivore。


資料來源
你說：
Quiet Keto 飲食、實際餐單範例

好的！我整理一下 Dr. Georgia Ede 所提到的 Quiet Keto 飲食概念，並附上幾份實際餐單範例，讓你能更清楚了解。

一、Quiet Keto 飲食核心概念
Quiet Keto 是 Ede 博士提出的低刺激、低敏感版本的生酮飲食，目標是：

維持酮症，提供腦部穩定能量

減少潛在發炎與食物過敏原

降低消化與精神負擔

基本原則
極低碳水

碳水攝取量通常低於每日 20 克淨碳水

移除高糖、精製澱粉、水果（少量莓果可後期視情況加回）

中高脂肪

來自天然動物脂肪（牛油、豬油、雞油、鴨油、魚油）、初榨橄欖油、牛油果油等

中等蛋白質

以肉類、魚類、蛋類為主

限制或暫停高敏蔬菜

暫時減少茄科（番茄、茄子、辣椒）、高草酸蔬菜（菠菜、甜菜葉）

常選用低刺激蔬菜（西葫蘆、花椰菜、白菜等）

不使用加工調味料

降低食品添加物與潛在過敏源

逐步重新引入食材

當症狀改善後，可慢慢測試蔬菜、香料、乳製品等耐受度

二、Quiet Keto 實際餐單範例
以下餐單以每日 2～3 餐為範例，可視個人作息調整。

範例 1（初期適應期）
早餐

雞蛋 2 顆，用草飼牛油煎

牛油果半顆

黑咖啡（可加 MCT 油或鮮奶油，若耐受乳製品）

午餐

鹽煎牛小排（油脂不去掉）

清燙四季豆（少量橄欖油拌）

鹽、胡椒簡單調味

晚餐

烤鮭魚（附魚皮）

花椰菜泥（用奶油與鹽調味）

西葫蘆絲拌橄欖油

範例 2（穩定期，可增加食材變化）
早餐

培根 2 片 + 半熟蛋 2 顆

牛油果 1/4 顆

黑咖啡或草本茶

午餐

烤雞腿（保留雞皮）

白花椰菜＋奶油

橄欖油淋少許檸檬汁

晚餐

烤鯖魚或沙丁魚罐頭（橄欖油浸）

青江菜或白菜

少量牛油提香

範例 3（進入長期維持）
早餐（可省略，進行間歇性斷食）

黑咖啡 / 草本茶

MCT 油或牛油咖啡（若適合）

午餐

羊排 200g

烤蘆筍（橄欖油拌）

奶油花椰菜泥

晚餐

烤牛肋條

西葫蘆與香菇（橄欖油炒）

鹽、胡椒調味

三、Quiet Keto 的補充注意事項
電解質補充：生酮初期容易流失鈉、鉀、鎂，可透過鹽水、骨湯或補充劑補足

水分攝取：每日足夠水分，避免脫水與酮流感

追蹤反應：觀察情緒、睡眠、腸胃及能量變化

逐步調整：如症狀穩定，可慢慢測試加入香料、不同蔬菜甚至乳製品
  5. @mataserda212 [3 likes]: What is the best way to contact Dr. Ede?  My wife and I would like to try this ketogenic diet with our son.  We want to monitor him closely for at least  30 days.  We don’t want to eliminate his medications without his doctor’s recommendation.  We would like Dr. Ede’s recommendation.
  6. @Latrelle59 [2 likes]: That's all great but most people can't afford the quality food it takes.
  7. @michelbourassa2369 [2 likes]: Would keto diet help in schizophrenia? Thank you.
  8. @EtienneLeBoeuf [1 likes]: The no 1 biomarker for how well you will age is natural hormone production. When hormones decline health and wellness declines. Sarcopenia arrives loss of bone density and reduced activity levels along with cognitive decline poor moods and increased stress. This is why all biohackers are on TRT to attempt to compensate for this deficit. I went from 334 to 960 in around three months all natural no TRT. This book should be essential reading for all men. Written by a 50s guy with natural T levels higher than most 20s guys
Complete guide to testosterone by james Francis
  9. @jeffcrozier317 [1 likes]: Excellent summary. A keto diet turned my depression around. I had tried virtually every treatment short of ECT, and only a keto diet was effective and durable.
  10. @alessandrodimeo6570 [1 likes]: After day two I felt so down that I had to take a latte macchiato and felt well immediatly, I think I will be doing this until I can live without the milk. (Max 2 per day, so I keep the carbs as low as possible).
  11. @AdamEdwards-m3g [1 likes]: I’m 4 weeks into keto and I’m hoping it helps to alleviate my OCD symptoms.
  12. @bryandaves1005 [1 likes]: Commenting for the algorithm
  13. @laaaiaaiaisa [1 likes]: I'm ADHD and have intolerance (blood tests done) of dairy, egg and yeast, fodmap and histamines. PLUS coeliac disease. Have no idea how to do a keto diet with what I have available..
  14. @nusrathidayatullah5293 [1 likes]: Thank you Dr very appealing and interesting information especially the recent advances in mental health
  15. @dbiswas123 [1 likes]: Thank you for providing such an informative video; I truly appreciate it.
  16. @stanibol [1 likes]: Some good insights there!
All i would add, anyone over 12 years old with weight issues compounded by  mood swing, 'teenage blues", could benefit from parasite cleanse & binders.
Anyone who decide to opt for keto or carnivore diet should do several parasite cleanses thru the year  .  Herbal as well as vet meds .
  17. @kylew.f.7812 [1 likes]: Any suggestions for an MD, psychiatrist, nutritionist, endocrinologist, internist who are aware of your work/research in Houston, TX? None are listed on your website..... I'm 68 year old woman first diagnosed with depression in 1991. Life-long habit of under-eating; recent diagnosis includes ARFID and OCD with hoarding aspect. Focused now on simply eating. Diagnosed pre-diabetic in January 2024. Adopted as infant; learned last year that birth mother died of pancreatic cancer. Thank you, in advance, for any direction. I will be in Massachusetts late April/early May.
  18. @user-fjgufioo76: この動画は私の見た中で一番有益な動画でケトジェニックを続けられる理由です。m(_ _)m
青魚ダイエット３０日め
  19. @ramyapriyadarshini1318: By no
  20. @NikiKrieger: anyone reading this message go find the book the hidden herbs by anette ray. that's the one book that really did it for me

- INCREDIBLE WEIGHTLOSS TRANSFORMATION 2021 / KETO DIET WEIGHTLOSS UPDATE / DANIELA DIARIES: Kind: captions Language: en hey how you doing today we're going to talk about weight loss i'm going to tell you how to lose weight how to do it effectively how to do it quickly and if you want to shrink before your very own eyes i'm going to give you all the secrets so if you're on this journey and you are ready to just completely transform your body into the body that you desire i got you let's jump into it hey guys welcome my name is danielle and this is daniela diaries today we are going to be talking about weight loss how can you lose weight how can you lose weight quickly how can you lose weight effectively how can you lose weight healthy healthy that way yeah i guess we'll go with that and how did you shrink how to shrink your body okay if you guys want the secrets i know you want the sauce what's the sauce i got you so if you guys have never followed me before hey how are you i'm danielle like i said this is daniella diaries each day or each video is just a different page out of my diary we talk about everything from keto weight loss lifestyle true crime embracing your feminine energy being a high value woman all the things if you guys like that type of stuff please subscribe let's grow this channel let's grow the family you guys would love it here i promise um today i want to talk about weight loss so if you guys have not ever seen a video from me before i have recently embarked on a whole weight loss journey but not only physical but also mental i believe that if you truly want to be successful on a weight loss journey to lose weight no matter if it's 10 20 30 100 pounds i think you need to work internally as well as externally i think doing those both will not only help you to lose the weight but help you maintain the weight loss in a healthy effective long-term way there is uh you have to fix what's broken right you just can't slap a band-aid on it and i believe essentially just you know doing some extreme dieting is basically just that slapping a band-aid on a broken problem and if you do not directly address the issues within why are we overeating why do we have these binge eating issues why are we doing a severe binge and then a restrict what is going on what is the problem why am i using food as a form of comfort i'm petting my dog right here um you you won't you won't fix it you'll just keep going on this roller coaster of gaining and loss gait and it's truly harmful not only to your mental health but also to your physical health so what did i do i went ahead and invested into my mental health i sought out therapy and i say this all the time like a broken record but it is beneficial um not necessarily saying that you have to do therapy but i wanted to figure out what was broken why was i always on this this hamster wheel of weight loss you know i have lost um about 120 pounds naturally on my own no surgery no pills and i gained some back you know we can't blame you know the world in which we're living in currently because that was a cause of it but there was also where a point where i just gave up where i just didn't feel like it anymore i didn't feel like i wanted to just be on a diet anymore i didn't want to restrict or i wanted to eat whatever i wanted whenever i wanted and how much i wanted and i just threw in the towel and i gave up and i wanted to know why why did i do that and basically what i came down to was i was using food as a comfort and which we all do i think a lot of people find comfort in food we have a lot of family memories with food and it's it shouldn't be used as a crutch and i feel like as a popular as a culture in general we give too much power to food you know your life doesn't have to revolve around the next time you're going to eat or what you're going to eat and when you're going to eat and i feel like that's what we do you know our life is like when's food what are we gonna eat oh there's food right here i'm hungry am i hungry am i bored and it's it doesn't necessarily have to do that or be that way so you want to lose weight how do you do it if you've seen last week's video i talked about macros you're going to have to be in some kind of calorie deficit it's as easy as that you could be in a calorie deficit and be low carb you can be in a calorie deficit and be high carb you can be in a calorie deficit and do weight watchers whatever it is whatever way of eating that you every time i stop petting him he starts sneezing and there's nothing wrong with him he's so high maintenance you whatever way of eating that you choose to be in you just have to be in a calorie deficit i told you to go on google calculator.net go ahead and enter in all your information don't lie that's how you lose weight okay you gotta you gotta say no and you gotta push away from the table i highly suggest eating nutritious food why why do i save nutritious food because they're typically be to be food that is high in nutrition tends to be more of a food that is low in calories okay so i'm telling you to eat spinach and salads and but i'm not like saying like eat a salad with like 10 pounds of ranch on it okay like you gotta watch out for the dressings because if it's just like a bowl of ranch with a little couple pieces of lettuce in it then that's counterproductive but those things these you know your leafy greens all your veggies lean proteins they tend to be super low in calories so you can really have a big plate you can really consume a lot of volume so you're not hungry okay you're still maintaining a low calories but you're not hungry because you're full from the food that you're eating previously i i do follow the ketogenic diet just because i tend to be more carb sensitive um so i don't have you know i don't have like a gluten allergy or anything like that but i do find that um the weight gets it'll be a little bit more stubborn when coming off i find that my body just functions better on a low carb diet that's just my way of being okay i do count total carbs and i also count my calories okay so it's tricky is it tricky yes but just because i do it this way doesn't necessarily mean you have to do it if you were just starting off on keto and you wanted to do more of a high-fat version of it that's your choice and i think it's it could be really beneficial to a lot of people i think that there's no right or wrong way to do one particular way of eating as long as you're doing it with a healthy mindset and making the best choices and eating the most nutritious food that you can okay so whether that is keto weight watchers whatever i've said this before i keep repeating it but there is really no right or wrong way to eat something you have to find the best way to eat what lifestyle to follow that suits your life so if you're somebody who is like hey uh you know i don't like a lot of protein i don't like a lot of meat then maybe something that is you know a high uh a high protein diet wouldn't be for you but you have to find something that is attainable because if it's not attainable you're going to hate it you are going to binge and you're it's just not going to work find something that fits your life because you do not want to diet for the rest of your life i don't feel like i'm on a diet i eat well and i eat the best things and i know what to say no to and i know what to indulge in okay for example i went to a wedding over the weekend okay and at this wedding they had chicken tortellini soup i ate the soup i just get the tortellini and i ate the spinach that was inside of it they had a salad i went ahead and just chose i chose a vinegar x i tried to save my creamy dressings and then they had steak shrimp potato and spinach i just didn't eat the potato and i trimmed all the fat off the steak i was fine and i didn't eat anything from the dessert bar because i was full i was full from the meal before and was there dessert there yes did i need it no i just didn't want it i just you know that's just what i chose i was full you know and i don't need food as a party favor you know what i mean it just wasn't what i needed i wasn't like oh my god we're at a wedding so let's have a cake and it just it just wasn't my thing i just i have came to this point in my life where food isn't that important like i feel like i feel like as a culture our culture in general we give food way too much importance i feel like people are so obsessed with the idea of what they're going to eat when they're going to eat that that it just consumes them i encourage you to release that that's where this journey comes in because once i figured out that i don't need to you know celebrate anything or to use it as a cushion and then i'm okay i'm gonna be honest with you there was a point in my life not too long ago that if i went through what i've recently gone through with the loss of my aunt i would have binged and binged and binged and i would have been absolutely devastated and i would have eaten my feelings i'm not going to lie to you that's where i would have been i did not do that you know i made sure that i prioritized my health i got up in the morning even the day of my aunt service and i made it to the gym because i have to prioritize my health not my weight let me give that to you again i am prioritizing my health not my weight the number on the scale is regardless it's my health that is important my mental and physical health so you once you get over this this concept once you accept this idea that it's about your health not the weight not the diet not the snacks you're it's it's so liberating and it's so freeing okay i make sure that i get up and i go to the gym not because i'm looking forward to fit into a dress it's because my heart needs it my lungs need it my body needs it and if you do not have your health this is the one thing i have learned through this situation if your health is in the is in the gutter you have nothing you have nothing you can literally be here one day and gone the next you have to take care of yourself you have to put your health first if you don't do it for you do it for your kids do it for your parents do it for your cousins do it for your aunts and your uncles because you have to do it put your health first you have to work out you have to push away from the table and you have to learn how to say no you have to limit the alcohol the you know the drinks do not smoke you know there's all these things you know that go into it okay and it's not just you know like push you know just i don't know taking a diet pill or something like that you know or i'm just trying to lose this 20 pounds because i'm going to cabo in january no this is my life i want to live a long healthy prosperous life how can i do that by working on my physical and mental health that is the secret you want the sauce i just gave it to you you have to work on your mental and physical health if you do not feel therapy is for you then you don't have to go to therapy but you need to really do some soul searching and figure out where your problems reside where are they at is it you're binge eating are you emotional eater are you using food as a comfort measure are you uh maybe whatever wait maybe you are doing keto and you're following me for keto content but you generally hate it but you're like damn it i i have good results if you hate it then you should not be doing it i don't care if you are losing you know 30 pounds in 10 days no it's not for you you have to find out what is going to make this a a long term lifelong thing because i'm going to tell you what you'll hit your goal weight you will i know it doesn't seem like it now but eventually you won't have to diet anymore you will hit your goal weight and you can go right back to your lifestyle so is your lifestyle going to be oreos cupcakes ho hos are you still going to continue making sure that you're eating leafy greens you know limiting you know garbage and junk food you're making sure that you're hitting the gym did you make it a lifestyle did you change your life i want you to change your life your life is beautiful it's a gift god has given you a gift to live this life live it to its fullest potential and live it for a long time i want you guys to get real real old okay i want you to be old and great and have a good healthy heart good healthy lungs be able to move has some good joint movement and be able to tell the stories of that you want to share with all of your family i want that for you i want that for you and i want that for your loved ones it's not fun losing somebody and um i think you guys could do it so i wanted to share this because people always they'll say what are you doing you know and yes yes i'm lifting weights yes i'm doing this stuff and we're gonna i'm gonna bring you guys to the gym with me um i would like to know what day do you guys want to see me work out because i do work out different body parts on different days so i'll have a back day i have a leg day i have a shoulder and chest day or a shoulder day and then i have a chest and arms day and then i do cardio five days a week i do 45 minutes of cardio on the elliptical five days a week it is life changing and it's it you know whether it is the elliptical whether it's the treadmill whatever you guys want to do the bike that's just what i choose to do i like it um you're gonna have to move your body i'm sorry to tell it to you you're gonna have to move your body uh whatever you know is a type of exertion for you then that's what you're going to do i'm not telling you that you have to go uh you know if you're somebody who's very limited with mobility and i'm not saying okay well if you can't do the elliptical then you're screwed you know you could do something you can move your arms i've talked about this before you know you can move your arms kick your feet you can do you know arm exercises leg exercises whatever it is to get your heart rate going whatever will make you sweat for you where you're at right now then you have to do that whatever your physical limitations are work around them okay you have to get up and do something though don't use your limitation as an excuse we've made enough excuses we want to what i say live a good long healthy life so let me know which day you guys would like to see i'm going to be pumping out more videos um as far as keto we're going to do some more full days of eating um i have some really good crock pot recipe videos that i want to share with you guys because the weather is getting cooler i'm going to show you guys a couple desserts because it is getting cooler and falls coming um i don't partake in a lot of desserts anymore i do a lot of berries and stuff like that when i am having like a sweet tooth but um i still like to make them and you know for leo and my dad and stuff like that so i have a lot of good ones coming up i love a lot of pumpkin and pumpkin is really really good for you too especially if you get the pure pumpkin it has a lot of good benefits for your gut so look out for those um let's talk about weight loss so last week um was my aunt's service her service last week was tuesday wednesday on two so i ended up going to the gym last week uh sunday monday tuesday thursday friday i didn't go wednesday friday or saturday and then i was back at it this morning which is monday um you know i had to listen but i didn't end up even lifting any weights that i just did cardio i literally just got up went to the gym and just like i just wanted to exert myself you know what i mean and to just like kind of de-stress and it really i really feel like it helped me a lot i really feel like it was super beneficial for me um my eating wasn't the best and it wasn't the best because i wasn't eating bad stuff i just wasn't eating at all um it's it's weird for me because i was just wasn't hungry and i was just i've never been so upset where i was like nauseous and um yeah and i was just preoccupied so i would forget to eat and leo was like have you eaten i was like no um but i stayed on track i did end up losing some weight which i don't find as a win because it wasn't the right way you know i did end up i think i lost like two pounds but um i so i'm not even going to count that i don't want to count that because i don't feel like that's that that was really beneficial it was my eating last week really got was just really bad i want to say um tuesday tuesday wednesday no tuesday i think was monday tuesday it was really bad and then i was i got better i think on wednesday i was like starving so i think it was like monday tuesday i was bad and then we kind of leveled out i did end up starting my cycle today too so that was kind of you know all that stuff um i am going to go ahead and insert my picture of when i started on july 5th now if you guys are new here i restarted my journey on july 5th this is when i started therapy i started to really focus internally as well as externally i started with the whole i started counting total carbs on keto i started you know upping my cardio from 20 minutes to 45 and i really just learned to invest into myself i put myself in my health as a priority and everything else you know came second to that and i really feel like you can see that in the numbers are in the inches i've got my stuff written down right here i write everything down on this little calendar so i'm going to kind of give you guys i don't think i've lost many inches i know i did lose those two pounds um let's see the last time i think i've i just jumped on the scale i don't know i have it written down right here for september 8th that was um 175.8 and then this morning i was 173.4 so 2.4 pounds um last on the i guess on the eighth was the last time i took my measurements i don't even know i i like i said i'm sorry about this guys this was just such a mess last week was such a blur so um let's see on the eighth my waist was 30 inches my hips were 34 my left thigh was 19.75 my right thigh was 20 and my neck was 13.5 so today oh my waist went down a quarter of an inch it was 29.75 my hips stayed at 34. my right thigh was 20.5 that's reading up a half an inch and then my left thigh was 19.75 and my neck was uh 13.5 so um i guess i kind of just stayed the same with a little bit of a weight loss um i don't know i feel like you could definitely see uh a difference from from everything i want to say i'm at a grand total of over 20 pounds now lost so that's pretty good we'll take that as a win right um we're knocking on how many weeks now let's see one two three this is flying this is wild time is flying guys so three in july four five six seven eight nine ten eleven eleven weeks so that's pretty good i'll take that i think i'm at probably about 21 pounds or something i'm shocked i'm shocked at how you know what i'm truly shocked at is not even the physical loss or the physical change but the mental growth i i have fallen in love with danielle i love her i'm proud of her and i'm rooting for her because she deserves it she deserves it because she's been through some things and she's never truly appreciated herself and she never truly loved herself until now and that's a hard thing to realize at 37 years old that you didn't figure out that who you were what you were and how to love you you could have other people love you but when you don't love you and you learn to it's a whole other ball game it gives you this confidence in this way of just being unbothered by other people and i talk about this a lot in the feminine society so if you guys like this kind of concept please stick around for sunday's videos where it's basically teaching i'm teaching you guys how i became like that girl like a high value woman a high like high maintenance energy because i learned my true value i learned that i was enough and i learned to love myself and if you can't love me the way i love me that i don't need you on my team i don't wish you harm i wish you well but you just don't have a place here in my life and that's okay it's okay to not allow people in your life because they are not serving your purpose and you don't have to make excuses because of who they are and what they are to you i'm going to go ahead and wrap this video up i want to thank you guys so much for being here and i'm sorry that the sauce isn't that quick or that easy but it really is it really is that easy guys it really is as simple as a calorie deficit and moving your body learning to love yourself learning to work on this part of the journey as well because once you get this under honey you can lose all the weight and you'll be all right and you'll do it well and you'll do it comfortably and you won't feel like you're in the rat race anymore life is wonderful life is a gift and life is precious i want you to live it to its full potential for as long as you can alright i'm danielle this is daniella diaries please subscribe if you're new here and if you have been here thank you for sticking around with me and i will see y'all in the next one bye friends [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @jessicafruehauf2241 [97 likes]: After giving birth to my first child 🍼👶  about ten years ago, I joined a popular weight loss group in my area. At first, I thought it was amazing – you could eat as much food from an allowed list as you like, and you could still have treats like crisps and chocolate as long as you counted them.
 I lost a lot of weight quite quickly but got to a point where I just couldn’t stick to this plan anymore. I had an uncontrollable urge to eat everything that wasn’t allowed on the diet plan. Ultimately, I just ended up binge eating everything I wasn’t supposed to be eating. At this point, my mental health had taken a nosedive. I suffered from terrible social anxiety and was at a complete loss.I saw one of my online friends was having great success with a ketogenic way of eating. It sparked my interest, and I ended up doing extensive research and came across an article about keto and decided to try it .Within a few weeks, my mental health was so much better. My head felt clearer, and my anxiety was decreasing. But more importantly, the constant urge to binge has gone. I finally felt like my life was not revolving around food.
  2. @MistyMieMe [3 likes]: I lost one of my favorite Aunts to cancer last week. She was only 66 and that alone is helping snap me back into why I started this lifestyle. We only get this one body and we have to take care of it best we can. Thank you for being such an inspiration 💕
  3. @kissketobyketocath7260 [3 likes]: What a great pep talk, you have a real gift for getting your message across, thanks so much your passion for helping others is very much appreciated.
  4. @louferguson7048 [2 likes]: Thank you for sharing this. This is what I needed to hear. There are roots of pain we all have that we have to dig up to get better. I want to learn how to love me too. I want to change my focus to health and not those stupid numbers. You are a very special person.
  5. @stephaniesimmons0723 [1 likes]: Thank you for being so transparent with us. My body also doesn’t tolerate carbs well so total carbs is when I started to see the weight come off and even more so when I lowered fat and raised protein! Im now 4lbs from my short term goal and about 30 from my total goal! I’m so loving the person you are evolving to and how self aware you are now.  I can’t wait for your Fall series !❤️
  6. @irrwahn35: 👎 does god really want you to beg for likes?
  7. @MsK-pt4kc: So many like Dr. Fung and Ted Neiman say it's not about calories, but how your body reacts to the food you eat. We know that our body responds differently to 100 calories of broccoli as opposed to 100 calories of cake. Also the response to the thermodynamic of food, calories in calories out assumes that we are all machines and that we all respond the same and that is simply not true.  Yes some people can lose on a higher carb lower calorie diet (usually younger people and those who haven't yo-yo dieted for so many years). Still, it's usually not sustainable. If it was, Weight Watchers would be out of business. But some people have ruined their metabolisms and have dieted for so many years that they have to go super low carb even keto to fix their metabolism and control insulin which is the key to weight loss, keeping insulin lowest possible by eating low carb and perhaps fasting to also increase grelin. They also can't just eat a tiny bit of carbs because they are trigger foods. Having one bite of carbs can cause cravings for more and it's too hard to stop. Also carbs are highly inflammatory and many people are allergic to wheat and most grains. Eating low-carb and Keto will naturally cause you to eat less but you don't have to watch your calories. You can put somebody on a 500 calorie daily diet and then give them insulin and they will gain weight. But if you eat lower carb, abstain from eating all day then you will be successful. But yes whatever works for you do it, my argument is that it's not all about calories, calories do count but they are not the end all be all
  8. @shaylacrawford5631: ❤️❤️❤️
  9. @kaylamichelle6681: Thank you I needed to here this !!!!🙏🏽
  10. @calicogirlz: Please tell me where you got your shirt from! I live in Chicago and would love one!
  11. @kenseygaskinotteson1902: Love this! I would love to see you film a leg day or arms and chest day ☺️
  12. @NancyThecheerfulheart: Really good advice. So true.
  13. @mayrablanco2013: I think there is a huge difference between the first pic and the other one. You look great! Congrats on the weightloss and all these improvements or changes I hear coming from you. Nice job . . .  It makes me happy hear your talk this way. How hard was the eliptical for you? It's kicking my butt. I'm so sorry for your loss. I know how much we love our aunts.
  14. @LifeAdventuresandKeto: Id like to see it all
  15. @miabclothingketo1919: I found the sauce and I love having you stir it up for me. Your the best kiddo. Also would love to see a picture of you from wedding 💑.
  16. @Kyshalise: Keto is good for short term weight loss but intuitive eating is best for life long happiness. You can maintain weight with intuitive eating too ;)
  17. @Isabel-re7sl: you are in such a good state of mind, even during this difficult time in your family, YOU DO DESERVE to love yourself …. so proud of you!!
  18. @Morgan-ow5bn: Thanks for this! You are glowing and your face is looking snatched 🥰
  19. @sallysweetman4854: Thanks for this, finding your videos very motivating!
  20. @deew8338: Gorgeous 🔥

- 3 months on KETO and my body has TRANSFORMED!  Keto Weightloss Results + What I eat in a week!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] hi friends 12 weeks y'all 12 weeks three months clean keto and this is how my body's looking i'm just i'm so excited and i can't wait for you guys to see it has been a really really great 12 weeks on this of course i've had my highs and lows and i've shared with you guys that entire journey every week i share how i'm feeling but overall it has been absolutely wonderful just to take control back over what i'm eating my weight you know everything and um i'm just super super super excited about it so if you're new to my channel hello welcome my name is gia and i share weekly updates on how i'm feeling eating ketogenically i share what i eat when i eat how i eat i share before and after videos and photos how much weight i'm losing my mood a track all of that i would love for you to join my youtube family by clicking the subscribe button down below as well as the little bell next to it and for those already subscribed welcome back all right so like i said these 12 weeks have been um just to give a quick recap you know i've been on keto for a long time on and off and most recently off time i gained all the weight back plus some it was just like a combination of all the pandemics that were going on all the heavy sad news that we kept you kept hearing and honestly i turned to food to just for comfort at the time like i was every kind of emotion you could think of i was eating when i was happy i was eating when i was scared i was eating when i was stressed i was eating when i was neutral you know i was eating because the sky was clear you know i was just eating everything and i just gained a whole bunch of weight uh really from march until i really started serious and when did i start in july was it in july i can't even remember now july august number no in june so these last 12 weeks i've been really kicking in gear focusing on what i'm it takes a lot of energy yes but honestly the results are great like off the top of my head i stopped getting headaches every day i stopped getting joint pain i would get like a pain in my left knee from time to time i stopped getting that i have a lot of energy i have that mental clarity that they talk about i feel like my skin is popping okay the collarbones coming out you know she's out to play so i'm i'm just really i've been feeling really really great so i feel like this week was my comeback week it was my bounce back week for those who've been following me you know the last two weeks i only lost 0.5 pounds you know it was a little bit of a bummer but you know i kept on going um and i'm really proud to say that i never had a day where i just went all in just eating eating eating eating eating where i would just give myself a cheat day or cheat meal i didn't have any of that i really stayed focused this time and it have really really pays off too and i could tell so that's enough of me chatting go ahead and watch what i ate and then we'll talk after all right y'all happy monday it's breakfast time time check it's 11 42 girl don't ask why there's a hole and my brother just is okay we're just gonna go with it i have my sugar free jam on here i try not to use this too often maybe a couple times a week but it's just so good i can't because the ingredients are not the cleanest they the wrapper fell off but anyway i got my bacon eggs and zero net carb bread bulletproof coffee time time check it is 12 o'clock i just have my mct oil liquid stevia unsweetened vanilla coconut milk and a splash of heavy cream i cannot wait to eat i'm gonna tear this up i made a dipping sauce for my wings this is just sugar-free ketchup the golden mug fruit sweetener and sriracha mixed up yum i put a little extra barbecue sauce on my ribs and i have a delicious salad to eat time check it is 5 33 and if you'd like to see how i made this whole dish you have to check out my sunday setup if it's posted you can tap this out right here morning friends happy tuesday today's breakfast i have one egg three pieces of bacon they're so thin though it's like a little i miss my thick bacon and three strawberries time check it is 10 42. so i did not have dessert last night girl i really wanted to my kids had ice cream sundaes i did not on labor day i did not go crazy on labor day either i'm really actually proud of myself i didn't even have macaroni salad or macaroni and cheese or potato salad all that you know i'm i'm happy so today i'm gonna have myself a nice treat girl if you have not tried this caramel choco syrup and put it in your coffee girl i don't know what you're doing you are missing out it is so good it tastes like a caramel macchiato so today i'm gonna froth myself up some cream i had my caramels in there my mct oil a little just a touch of liquid seaweed you don't need a lot of it you know you have to do it too for what tastes good for you and that is going to be my treat for today girl yes i'm going to enjoy every moment of this it or every sip time check it's 11 10. quick keto cereal i'm using a new keto granola and i'll keep you guys posted so if i like it or not of course i added one tablespoon of chia seeds and one tablespoon of hemp hearts i just tasted it it tastes pretty good and i have my unsweetened vanilla coconut milk in here time check it is 307. all right y'all it's time to eat i'm really hungry i'm so excited it's 5 25 got my leftover ribs two wings nice big salad with blue cheese dressing i showed how to cook this on my sunday setup this past week you can tap this eye right here to watch it i have my keto extra keto barbecue sauce on the ribs and i actually baste them with keto barbecue sauce as well then for my chicken i have a mixture of sriracha sugar-free ketchup and golden monk fruit sweetener so good perfect sweet and spicy so i have water with this and this is gonna be my last meal for the day good morning happy wednesday uh the kids are back at school today they actually had off for labor day weekend they had uh monday and tuesday off so it's back to a normal routine i got up early i feel really good time check it is 11 41 and now i'm going to eat i have one fried egg with a porter piece of cheese some sausage another little piece of cheese i buy that those cheese platters from costco it has four different kinds of cheeses on it and they're like small like this some almonds and three strawberries i mean now it's bulletproof coffee time well actually good afternoon it's 1201. i'm just gonna make my plain bulletproof coffee today no extra special treats with the caramel if you missed how i made the caramel macchiatos i believe that was posted in last week's update you can tap this eye right here or follow me on instagram because i put it all on there how i made that i made a new reel that new feature in um instagram so anyway i'm going to add some unsweetened vanilla coconut milk tablespoon mct oil my liquid stevia to my coffee and that is going to be my bulletproof coffee for the day all right it's lunch time friends this is the granola that i ate was it yesterday um for the first time i really liked it different kind of granola than i typically use i usually use the low carb canola this one's a little bit cheaper i ordered this off of amazon it will be linked to my amazon store it's good it's definitely different than the other one it tastes different but to me it tastes just as good the one thing i like about this though it's only one net carb as you can see it has less carbs in it but it does have sugar alcohol so if you're sensitive to that you know you have to be mindful same serving cup size a third cup and let me show you what it looks like in the bowl okay so here is how it looks as you can see it looks very different than the other low-carb vanilla this is chunkier so if you want more of like a crunch it's a little bit heartier too i would say i definitely feel super full afterwards you see these these are big um i'm assuming these are unsweetened coconut flakes but these are definitely coconut flakes large chunks of walnuts seeds pumpkin seeds i believe almonds so it's pretty good now to this like i said i'm going to add tablespoon of chia seeds tablespoon hearts and my unsweetened vanilla coconut milk and that's my lunch time check it is 257. here's how it looks with the tablespoon of hemp hearts chia seeds now i'm going to pour in my milk got it and now i will eat everything in this bowl yummy all right it's super late plans for dinner were derailed because i was in a meeting for two and a half hours that i wasn't expecting to be in for that long so instead of cooking the chicken i thought out we're just going to have homemade pizzas the girls are having chicken fingers french fries and broccoli my husband and i are having quick homemade pizzas this is a low carb tortilla that i baked in the oven 400 degrees sprinkled some olive oil on it brushed some olive oil on it then sprinkle some italian dressing i want a little heavy on the italian dressing but it gives it a nice italian flavor so now i'm going to prepare my husband and ice pizza to bake um i have sausage broccoli onions tomatoes goat cheese and pepperoni i'm gonna put on our pizza so let me go ahead and do it here are our loaded pizzas everything i should use on here so this will be filling i probably won't have a salad with this so i'm gonna put this in the oven for about 10 minutes all right y'all so here is our dinner it's 8 25 it's super late but we're gonna eat this um this guy obviously is gonna be my last meal and i probably won't eat until much later in the day tomorrow good morning friends happy thursday 11 48. of course i didn't have not eaten anything i just ate a half a piece of cheese the other half of this i ate the pizza late so i wasn't hungry but now i'm hungry so i made myself a little omelette with just two eggs some sauteed mushroom and cheese inside it's not the prettiest thing but i'm sure it's gonna taste good bulletproof coffee time it's 12 30. doing homework with the girls and enjoy this and i'm going to enjoy this uh bulletproof coffee lunch here is a little street girl some days it's just like whoa but this is the normal keto cereal with that cute open all that i showed you guys earlier i'm gonna eat it time check it is 3 12. good job baby so this is ava's ava cam i can't um touch anything because my hands are dirty i have such a raw chicken but i have to show you guys what i'm doing here planning flattening my chicken breast because we're gonna have chicken tenders tonight i wish i had the tenders from costco but i don't so i have to flatten these as you can see this is how it is um now can you film what's in the bowl here baby over here yeah there you go perfect see how big the chicken breast is so i'm making honey mustard chicken fingers i'm not gonna bread them just gonna saute them saute them in the cast iron and i'll show you guys um once i season them all right so here's my chicken the chicken hasn't been cleaned flattened a little like i showed you and then i was gonna do strips but then i'm like these are two then so i just decided to do pieces of chicken i'm gonna make a honey mustard glaze to go on top got my cast iron going here with some olive oil on the in the bottom and i'm just gonna brown it with this i think i'm gonna have some zucchini noodles and then my we i have leftover baked beans from labor day that my family will eat but i'll just have the zucchini noodles and that'll be our dinner for tonight okay so i flipped them over they're looking good so now i'm going oh sorry all the steam i'm gonna make uh the keto honey mustard sauce let me show you this group three ingredient honey mustard sauce is super easy you got yellow mustard or whatever mustard you have i wish i had like ground mustard with like the seeds ground up it would probably be really good with this honey mustard but it's just mustard whatever you have some sriracha and you can omit this if you want in some golden month fruit sweetener my family likes heat so i added the sriracha sauce but like i said you can omit that and i tasted this it tastes really good so now i'm going to put it on my chicken yummy smelling like mustard i'm going to take this chicken out cook my next batch and start my zucchini noodles all right my friends time for me to eat cannot wait to try for the second batch of chicken i put this um it'll be better if i marinated in the honey mustard sauce and then saute it and then have a honey mustard dipping sauce i think that would be better but this is still gonna turn out fine i have my zucchini noodles that i just seasoned with salt pepper and garlic and yeah this is it this is going to be my last meal for this for the day time check it is 5 48. morning friends happy friday friday i had some errands to run this morning so it's kind of late 11 30 really hungry of course my entire family they ate breakfast already except for my husband he didn't but my girls did but when they found out i was making bacon and eggs girl they wanted some too so i'm making everybody bacon and eggs so i'm gonna go ahead and get that started so everybody's plate is made and now it's my turn i got my two eggs i made six eggs so the girls each get one eight my husband gets two eggs i get two eggs and two pieces of bacon this is my brunch i guess time check it's 11 55. oh this coffee smells so good you see this team i love a piping hot cup of coffee especially black just to smell and i don't like to drink a black but i do like to smell it today girl since it's friday i'm gonna go ahead and make that caramel macchiato really it's not a caramel macchiato it's just the chalk zero caramel syrup and heavy cream that's about it so let me go ahead and mct oils let me mix that up when i tell you guys this is so it's good on keto ice cream the keto mug cakes it's such a good little added touch that's one net carb and one tablespoon so that's what i put in my coffee and i put a tablespoon of nct oil now i think i'm gonna just put my organic coconut milk in here and some whipped cream on top and a little dash of cinnamon girl who's ready for fall say me tummy this is such a special treat time check it is 12 55. okay let's take out i got 10 lemon pepper wings a lot of you guys asked what kind of wings it was last week i always order lemon pepper that's the safest bet because bbq teriyaki all that honey anything like that usually has uh sugar in it and then i got a small garden salad with it and i have blue cheese dressing to eat we're having ice cream sundaes tonight and my kids had theirs i mean they added stuff like like this so i have my keto mint chocolate chip ice cream i got this from aldi a while ago it is five net carbs yeah five net carbs and a quarter of it this is not even close to being a quarter of it it's probably like a let's say maybe a quarter of it left if that so i am going to add a few lily's dark chocolate sugar-free chips on here and this is going to be my dessert time check it is 6 41. girl i'm going in tonight i am going in it's a little bit of the chalk serum um people not maple chocolate syrup here this stuff is a keto must it's so good one net carb in a tablespoon so i'm going to enjoy this dessert good morning friends happy saturday today i'm going to make myself a special treat for breakfast i don't know i just don't i'm not in the mood to eat breakfast the rest of my family had mcdonald's and i don't know i just didn't feel like having bacon and eggs so i'm going to have myself a mocha macchiato or just a mocha coffee you know i'm just being fancy so here i have a little bit of heavy cream not that much in there i'm gonna add a tablespoon of mct oil and a tablespoon of this chocolate chuck zero um chocolate syrup one net and a tablespoon then i'm going to froth this up everything here is linked in my amazon store if you're interested so let me go ahead and make this up and make it and then i'll show you when i'm done all right y'all here it is that's what i said i've added like two or three drops of liquid stevia and i just frothed it for a while now i'm gonna add my coffee yummy oh my goodness it smells so good let me taste it so good job i'm hungry okay and i have these rings left over from labor day listen i'm one of those people i will eat my leftovers until they're all gone i'm gonna put some extra keto barbecue sauce on here i'm a hot sauce on my wings girl and i'm tearing this up this is going to be my lunch for the day am i turning into a carnivore or what uh where's my lunch i can't wait to eat it let me show you guys the barbecue sauce i forgot oh in time it is 146. i drink my coffee at around say 11 30. here's the barbecue sauce it's sugar-free barbecue sauce i think you can get this from walmart publix your local grocery store really really good you can doctor it up i add a little bit of mustard and golden month fruit sweetener if i want like a sweet and spicy kind of extra sweet and spicy kind but this sweet and spicy one is really good my channel i was getting late i can't believe it's 650 already got my wings warming up from last night i did not eat them all that's uh five lemon pepper wings i just put a little extra lemon pepper seasoning on them then my husband or my neighbor was like telling my husband come over and get a plate and my husband was like okay so he went into his garage because he was making crab legs girl i love crab legs so this is what else i'm gonna be eating i'm gonna take all the meat out of the crab legs put it on this plate put some warm butter kerrygold butter melted carrot butter with a little bit of bay seasoning on top and tear these crab legs up not eating the corn or the grains just the crab legs and if i'm still hungry i will have a salad but that's a lot with blue cheese dressing so i don't know i'm gonna see how i'm feeling just stood and shelled all of these crabs both looked at all claws i guess that was mine of course ava had to have hers because she smelled it and it was smelling good so she meant to say crabs right right here you go baby okay are you ready for me to pour the the kerrygold butter with the old bay seasoning uh if y'all could smell this it smells so good and that extra fat looks so good about a tablespoon of butter here you get my wings i think i'm not gonna eat the salad i'm going all the way carnivore today which is not like me usually eat some sort of vegetable so let me go ahead and get my wings all right here are my wings time check it is 7 17 so i'm gonna kind of want to rush and eat but i'm hoping to be done by eight because i i find that if i eat too fast i get really bad in nutrition so i'm gonna take my time and enjoy every bit of this meal good morning friends happy sunday here's breakfast two eggs with cheese and two pieces of bacon time check it is 11 13. bulletproof coffee time just normal bulletproof coffee no special treats today um it's 12 16 tbsp mct oil liquid stevia organic unsweetened vanilla milk or organic unsweetened coconut milk vanilla and a splash of heavy cream all right y'all so this will be my last meal for the day it's 3 37 and we ordered out some soul food all i can get was the turkey wings with no gravy and it was really hard for me not to order the gravy or the um dressing on the side i did however eat one of my kids okras because it was so good just one small amount and so what i'm going to do now is eat these i'm not going to eat the white the yellow rice i'm just going to have the greens and the vegetables it's going to be so good you couldn't eat it all y'all so i'm going to save the second one for tomorrow it was good though i ate all the vegetables except for the carrots and all the greens of course i did not eat the rice at all a little bit of dessert seven dark chocolate unsweetened chips time check it is only oops 406 and i'm so happy eating early so this week i really feel like i came back like i said um i just really focused and you know i really focused on what i was eating i really wanted to almost like recommit myself because those last two weeks it was kind of a bummer to see that i only lost 0.5 pounds again it's not just about weight loss for me as most of you guys know i mean that's an added bonus i'd like that but it's not just about weight loss i don't like to feel bloated i don't like to feel i don't those headaches the sluggish feeling and honestly with the way my schedule is right now with my kids learning digitally i just don't have the time to feel lazy or sluggish or unproductive and honestly i just can't you know my kids are relying on me right now all of us are working from home it's a lot to keep up with the house the chores of the house and making sure my kids are are comfortable and they feel safe and that they can lean on me you know because this is you know unprecedented for them as well and i still have a business to run so i just don't have time to feel lazy or unproductive and let me tell you this week i really felt great i really focused on my mindset and i shifted my mindset in a way where i'm ready to be productive again because i always felt like those last couple of weeks i had felt like i was just losing the day even though i was still eating ketogenically i don't know i just felt i was still losing like i wasn't getting enough done and i kind of talked about that in my other video my sunday setup when i went live with a lot of you guys to talk about that i explained that i know you're not here to talk to hear me talk about that but honestly all of those things are connected so if you feel like one area of your life is off whether it be your productivity your me time your quality time with your children or quality time with your spouse if if one of those are off it can directly affect your what you eat your health all of that they're just interconnected for me even though i was eating ketogenically those other the other shifts with my productivity me getting stuff done with my business the girls are are comfortable with their digital learning though that was off for me and so it affected my weight loss i really honestly feel like it affected my weight loss so that's just for me and how i feel of course i'm not a doctor y'all you have to listen to your own doctor but that's just how i feel but go ahead look at my before and after pictures and then we will talk about how much weight i lost well look at here girl look at me with my skinny self okay i'm here for it i'm here for my hair for the collarbone she just stays out to play now i'm here for the waist being snatched in i feel like i look good i mean don't get me wrong i feel like i looked good before i just feel like i don't know i just feel like this burst of energy i'm at the three-month mark and i can totally see a difference in my body look at my fake thigh gap is there my boobs look good girl you don't want to know what they look like when this is not on but listen they look good like i'm feeling good you know i have two children you know i'm an elder millennial so it's like i'm feeling really really good okay yeah so here i am three months girl 12 weeks right 12 weeks three months clean keto well as clean as i can get i should really it's really clean lazy keto but still okay so let's take it all the way back let's rewind it all the way back to 12 weeks ago this is what i was looking like right i just can't stop looking at myself i feel i feel really good i feel really really good i still have a ways to go i don't plan on stopping anytime soon i feel really really great so i'm just going to continue to push on here's the full body shot there's the instagram model pose right here so they all do they stick the butt out one leg up with a dirty mirror because my kids love to touch my mirror but i don't know i just feel i'm feeling really good sitting happy with my progress and i'm really really proud of myself because this is all up here it's like 99 up here mental so here i am girl she's so cute right i just feel like i look so good i look so good okay that is a victory for me girl it's a victory because i was feeling really plump and really slow and really sluggish at the beginning of this and let me just speak to you as this is a testimony if you stay true to it let me tell you something if you're just starting keto if you're just starting your weight loss journey or your overall health journey because some for some people it's not about weight you just want your health to be better it's going to suck in the beginning it really is but let me tell you something if you stand firm and continue on it is so worth it it's so worth it it's been so much so worth it to me all right so i know you guys are like come on gia get to it how much weight did you lose well when i told you this is my comeback week girl it was my comeback week okay this week was a knockout for me so i lost a total of oh and i think there was i know i'm teasing you guys now but i think i know the reason why i lost so much this week compared to the last two weeks and i'm going to tell you after i lost what i lost i cut something out of my diet and i don't know if you guys can tell think if from what i ate this week for those who have been following me on this journey was there something that was missing that i didn't eat every day i'll tell you but all right this is how much i lost i lost a total of 2.4 pounds you know after those two weeks of only losing a half pound i will take that two and a half pounds girl i am so happy 2.4 pounds right so that's a grand total for the 12 weeks of 23.3 pounds i'm just over the moon over the moon i'm really really happy so um yeah that's how much weight i lost i and so let me tell you why i think i was able to lose the 2.4 pounds this week the one thing that was missing did you guess leave your guesses in the comments down below but if you noticed it was our beloved keto zero net carb bread i didn't have that much zero zero net carb bread this week because there for a while there the last couple of weeks you remember i was eating like one piece in the morning one piece a day and then i would put the um sugar-free skinny girl strawberry jelly on it was just so good but you know for some reason last week i don't know i just didn't feel like having it so i didn't eat it really at all for breakfast and i think i believe that's what it was i think i only had it once last week or for this week that you're watching because you know i film these you know a week the week has to pass before i film it but um yeah i think i only had it once and i really do think that was a catalyst as to why i lost the weight that i mean there are there are varying um stories and different people say different things about that zero net carb bread i know some people test their ketones after eating that bread and it hasn't really been good so you really don't know if it's if it's zero net carb or not i don't know i'm still gonna keep some in my freezer but i'm definitely not gonna have that every day it'll have to be a once a week type of thing for me going forward since i can see how my body responded and the biggest thing for me is just really listening to my body when i eat what makes me feel bloated what makes me feel good when i get ready to go to sleep at night i don't like to feel super heavy full when i get ready to go to sleep at night even though it is easy to fall asleep real quick i don't like that heavy feeling i like intermittent fasting because it gives your body time to really digest and your body heat to heal and reproduce those um good cells that your body needs so i want to tell you what what i plan on doing for the next really the rest of the year i'm committed to this now for the rest of the year this will be the first time that i've ever eaten clean ketogenically past 12 weeks usually at the 12 week mark i'm like i need a cheat day girl and then that cheat day turns into a cheat week then it turns into a cheat two weeks then it turns into a cheap month and then before you know it it's new years you're popping bottles with champagne and macaroni cheese and greens and a pork roast you know 10 15 pounds heavier i'm not doing that this year i am staying true i'm gonna be sharing just keto treats to kind of get you through the holiday season because it is tough and i don't want to feel like i'm missing out on anything i think that's the thing again it's all mental and a lot of times we feel like we're missing out if we deprive ourselves of something but if we find a substitute that a healthier substitute you won't feel like you are missing out and there are so many substitutes out there that nowadays it's so so easy um to you know make yourself a a savory treat to make yourself a sweet treat to give yourself that dessert that you want and so i'm definitely gonna push through now don't get me wrong girl on thanksgiving i may have a little bit of mac and cheese but it's only gonna be for that meal i'm not gonna give myself a whole week like i have in the past or anything like that so if you guys are with me i'd like for you to stay committed with me whatever your health journey is maybe your journey is about mental health or taking care of yourself more or maybe you want to lose weight maybe you do weight watchers whatever you do to to get us to where we want to be we still have to take those tiny steps because those tiny steps add up y'all they really really add up god is good he's blessed us to see this much of 2020 which is a blessing it's a blessing to be able to say you made it to september 2020. every day is a blessing from our lord and savior jesus christ so i i speak from a christian perspective i know not everybody's christian but for me i am so that's why i'm speaking from that perspective but it is a blessing and you know i pray for you all i pray that you guys are healthy i pray that you guys are still committed and i pray that if you fell off i want to help you get back on because it's never ever too late to become the person that you want to be whether you want to lose weight or you don't or you want to become a better person it's never too late to do what it is that you want to do so with that said thank you guys so much for watching i'll be back next week you know i'm gonna be trying more fall keto fall dishes some favorite keto fall dishes i'm going to be trying um i want to try uh a vegan keto for a week which is gonna be tough girl you know i love my cheese and just different ways to implement different keto lifestyles into what i present to you guys just so that you could see how i feel my perspective from it or whatever and if you guys have any ideas of what you'd like to see from me when it comes to keto foods or a week in the life or whatever leave a comment down below and let me know but thank you guys so much for watching if you haven't hit that subscribe button yet you can tap my picture up above and you can also check out my previous video right over here and all of my social media platforms all listed down below thank you guys so much for watching and i'll see you in the next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @geishasmart2695 [1 likes]: It’s not just about keto , it’s also about your portion size ( how much your eating ) . I’m incorporating keto with OMAD . Let’s see how far I can go & how much I lose 🥰
  2. @sebastianamurnane: the keto bread was slowing me down too! I went back to basics and read the dr Atkins book and I'm doing so much better now! You are amazing!
  3. @shavamalakha3554: I love your vibe ❤️
  4. @thepenitentcop1033: Bravo!!!
  5. @katharinem1557: I’m just starting week 3 of Keto tomorrow. My skin looks bright, my knee  feels better and even my feet are less swollen (I hadn’t even realized they were swollen!!). I’m having food delivery until I get the hang of the macros.
  6. @MsOthomson: So happy I stumbled upon your channel!
  7. @kimnation3948: omg those crabs look so good!
  8. @bribri8785: You did great sis. Very inspirational. If you can do it with a family and business, I can do it single with 3 cats. New subscriber!
  9. @frankw9836: i started 10 days ago, yes i lost 5kg but i always feel bad and i am always hungry and tired and can't sleep . I will NOT continue
  10. @digg7459: Feel like I’m in a room full of women.
  11. @firstandlastname5235: Way to go! You look amazing guurrrrl!
  12. @thefrankiepalmeri: Oh but I do want to know what they look like when that bra is not on! ^,^ <3
  13. @kae_skiba: I love yoooou! You remind me so much of myself 🤣 I am so PUMPED to do this, I'm only on day 3, but I'm OBSESSED and can't wait to see what my body can do now that I have my mind right lol
  14. @Random.338: What brand keto bbq sauce do you use?
  15. @humairaS1298: Did u loose belly inches also?
  16. @annbrowning4415: Congratulations for your constant wonderful victories!! Blessings to beautiful you and your beautiful family!!! God bless you all!!!!
  17. @jennprice4546: I make a similiar honey mustard.  Mustard + Sriracha + Walden's Walnut Maple Syrup.  Soooo good.
  18. @conniepurnell4496: I love leftovers lol
  19. @charlottewhite1277: Good for you!! 26 haters i see. Keep doing you. You inspired me!
  20. @pinkchai8570: Girl!!! keep it up for us elder millennial out here struggling 😂😂😂!

- Week 192 Keto Weight Loss Journey │Now That I Know Better I Must DO BETTER!: Kind: captions Language: en what's up everybody welcome back to keto rewind thank you for clicking on today's video today's video is going to be a week 192 update of my keto Journey or my keto story or my journey of how I'm rewinding my weight from a morbid the obese weight to a healthy weight completely changing my life and living a healthy lifestyle I will say I'm not a medical doctor not a health care professional not an expert this entire channel is just my story on my UPS my Downs my tips my tricks and everything in between so that you can either be inspired or do this with me and learn from me I I'll be sharing plenty of mistakes and how I overcame those obstacles in addition to All of My Success so anyways what do you say we hop into today's video what are you gonna do I gotta rocket I'm gonna rock it okay so I hope you enjoyed that little tidbit my girls oh I love to get them pumped up before games I like to get their mindset there so they know that they can do it um because my only I don't care what they do as athletes but I do expect them to give a hundred percent of themselves when they are out there and that's just like my little motto and my girls love that and it's kind of fun and silly and you know but also too at the same time so I thought that little tidbit could maybe give you a little pep in your step today so anyways today we're going to talk about the last week we got lots of interesting stuff popped up this week for me I had I didn't really have any like exciting things to report on but I had a lot of things that kept popping into my mind throughout the whole week kind of like reflecting on my journey prior or my first time around I lost 130 pounds and like the difference between that journey and my comeback tour or my round two um because like I said I the original plan to lose all the weight there were a lot of great stuff that came from that journey I learned a lot but I also didn't learn a lot and that's why I rebounded or I should say I relapsed or regained quite a bit of weight because I was trying to hold on to a version of myself because it was comfortable it's all I knew I was it's closer to the mainstream way of everybody else lives so I was I you know this new me or being healthy is more not not like the Oddball in the group but it's not as common I don't have as many healthy friends as I have normal or obese friends um so it's like I was just hanging on to it and instead of learning from the mistakes or the reasons I was getting into uh bad decisions instead of learning from those mistakes and using that to propel me to keep going I use those more of a as a convenient excuse so like birthday parties celebrations you know holidays vacations you know like there's there's a difference between that journey and the journey that I'm having now like when I when I come up on a obstacle I approach it so much different this time around than I did the first time because in the first time honestly I had initial great success lost a lot of weight but I went so fast I didn't learn all the lessons so when I came on an obstacle I would fail but I'd get back up and keep going but like I kept failing more and more the the failures were coming more frequently and I wasn't learning from them it's like sometimes you're just given that same obstacle until you get it right and I was not getting it right in fact it was becoming more and more and more or weight gain until I got to the point that I am am now so um a lot of the stuff that I am noticing on my part two is it's simple stuff but stuff that I'm like oh I see what's happening here oh you know like a lot of those aha moments and it's like now I'm better prepared to make the better choice to overcome the obstacle where before I'm like oh I have a party on Friday I can go and have XYZ things at the party you know it's like oh and it's and then I'll have to spend a whole week recovering from it because it was just one night of bad decisions or one night turned into two turned into three before Monday came around and I snapped out of it right so this time around that's what we're trying to avoid that's what I'm trying to avoid I don't want that anymore and in addition to all that my attitude is so much different this time around I don't want to say arrogant because that's not a good attitude um but it's like I don't want that life anymore like I'm done with that I'm over it like if I finally closed that door it took a long time to get this but when I shut it down like it it is shut down I no longer desire the things that I was previously always butt hurt about you know specifically you know just just standard American diet you know like right now I'm in the zone where I don't want to feel bad I want to feel good all day so I don't want to mess up what I've spent five days in the gym fixing and working and improving you know body composition wise on a Friday night that maybe spent 15 seconds in my mouth like that was a lot of work I did this week I don't want to mess that up so it's that attitude where I'm like I'm not doing it it's me versus the old me right now and I'm with the new me is winning so um that spilled into another Friday I think what did we have I think it was Saturday Saturday night I swear if I don't have sports with my kids we have birthday parties it's just I guess one thing after the other so my youngest daughter had a birthday party so we go there and I knew ahead of time every birthday party I go to with kids is always pizza cake snacks candy you know stuff like that all of which those things are not vibing with my new goals you know like they it's just not so one of the cool things was that Friday for lunch I made a chicken crust pizza so that I could have the other half in the evening before I went to the party so I instead of going unprepared with a hungry stomach and with all that Temptation I ate before I went to the party the party was from like six to eight pm so I it was so easy for me to just eat before I go plan ahead overcome that obstacle before it becomes an obstacle in the first place so I was so proud of myself I that I was perfectly fine saying no to Pizza no to cake and I just was drinking Sparkling Waters you know like it it's it's it was I was like so proud like yeah Jess this is what I'm talking about there's no reason to blow all the weak's work of of effort that I put into the new me on a Saturday night's pizza and Cake you know it's just I want to feel good I want to keep the momentum going and that was a attitude change that I have not I've not so easily come to before like before as usually was like a convenient excuse but now it's like no no no no no not anymore not no I don't want that for me anymore I want more so um another thing that has helped me this week that I really noticed between my first time around and this time around is I have prioritized protein significantly more than round one and and I know I have always preached protein but I am I am like oh man I am so protein focused and when I even eat my meals my protein is what I eat first on my plate before anything else I make sure that's in there I it is so important and the reason is I feel Fuller longer I like to feel full I didn't really know all this time I like to feel full but I like that I'm not talking like Thanksgiving dinner full I'm talking I don't want to feel hungry when I'm done eating so eating the protein gives me that signal that says okay you've eaten yes yes you know like my body's happy we have got this meal done you know and it also lasts longer it's more satiating and it helps between like when it I'm what's the word uh I haven't been doing intermittent fasting because I eat so much protein you can't just eat that in one meal like I can at most eat six to seven ounces if I'm really lucky eight ounces of protein per meal of like a like chicken beef you know that kind of thing so I physically can't eat that much protein in like one or two meals like I have to spread it and I usually have about three to four meals a day spread out through the rest of the day so technically I do intermittent fasting because I don't eat after my last dinner meal so like six o'clock and I won't eat again until like nine o'clock the next day I'm not sure what those those hours are so technically yeah I'm doing a little intermittent fasting but before I wouldn't start eating to like 12 or one the next day and now I'm eating at nine or ten so it's slightly intermittent fasting but I I don't make this uh a point to make sure I'm doing intermittent fasting every day and it's mainly because of how to get that much protein in so I need those three to four meals to get 150 to 170 grams of protein in a day and that also means the difference between the first Jess round one versus the J just round two is I am not eating any of the processed foods that helped make my keto life a lot easier and that's twofold the first fold is I found that I don't like processed foods of any kind it doesn't matter what way of eating I'm not a fan of that I would like to eat as close to the farm and away from the bakery and processing as possible that's just what I desire that makes me feel the best however yes there are downfalls it takes me way longer to find something to eat when I'm not prepared um it could cost more if you increase your protein and you're you know getting fresh vegetables but in the long run I'm not shopping in those inner aisles of the grocery store so I'm not getting all those extras I'm not eating all of that so it kind of supplements The increased cost in like having a very high protein fresh vegetable diet um so all in all it does and oh and adding on top that I don't eat out as much because I don't have as many good options where I live you can only go out and eat a salad so many times you know like I don't trust the ingredients that restaurants and stuff put in and the portion sizes so when it comes down to it it all evens out it just may initially look more expensive at the grocery store but you're not going out and you're not buying all those extras you know in addition to that if you want to completely change your life you can't keep living the old way you know like yes there's definitely gonna be times you have to go eat out that's life you know and that's not saying I'm never eating out I'm just saying if I want to make an effort on me and I'm right now in competition with old me and new me new me says I will rather make something at home it is cheaper in the long run it is 100 going to be what I need it to be to hit my goals and it keeps the momentum going you know I'm not going to throw a whole week's worth of progress away just because I needed to eat out and who knows what the heck ended up in my food you know and not in portion sizes you know like you're gonna get the smallest little piece of protein an enormous side of your carb or whatnot you know and it's just I want I want my I want I have different goals than that so the part two would of that equation is one is the processing and two is if you literally want to change your life you can't keep living your old way your old habits the new you has to be different or it's not the new you it's going to be the old you disguised as oh I'm you know I'm on it this time you know this is the new me well we all know that's not how it works the only way to change your life is to change your life and I started going off track when I would eat things that were keto but were processed you know which just kept wanting kept allowing those triggers and those feelings to be current in my mind instead of not choosing that and letting my mind find something else so that was a huge game changer when you look back now versus my round one that's why I said yeah I gained a lot of weight back why is that not why does that make me relevant because I'm I'm learning these things now that I didn't realize in the past that is significant to somebody that is in the same boat as me who keeps yo-yoing and can't understand why is this happening this is why you know these little things and I I'm trying my best to share those I'm trying my best to share that so that you don't make these mistakes or you can say oh I know what's happening here and you can fix it before you go off the rails um because I I did and it sucks they have to redo this all but in in the end of the day is it a blessing in disguise that I did go off the rails and crash and burn yeah I want to say yeah because I'm better now like I'm learning from those mistakes and I'm getting it you know and it makes and it's that little momentum every week that is making the difference when I crash or burn you know I crash or I succeed so um I don't feel like you can change your life if you're eating cheesecake still it's just keto cheesecake I don't I just I just don't see how cheesecake needs to be in my diet on a weekly basis you know what I mean I don't see why I need to eat fat bombs you know when I'm more but the obese um well I'm not morally I'm obese now um but I like you can't change your life if you put lipstick on a pick you know you have to make those changes and it's so hard to you know like especially if you're cruising on social media it's recipe after recipe it's like keto peanut butter bars keto brownies keto whatever it's like just because it says Keto is is is that really gonna change your life you know are you still gonna rely on those recipes now don't get me wrong there's a time and place for sweets and treats and stuff like that but are you honestly going to be satisfied eating the keto version or are you still gonna want the original version that has the sugar and the carbs but you're gonna eat the keto one it's not gonna taste like the good one so now you're mad and you had all those calories and then you end up eating that one too so what is better in the long run how do you really change your life and that is where I have really had to put in some Blood Sweat and Tears over the past summer in the messy middle of this of this weight loss Journey because I had to come to terms with what is happening here and for me I find I have way more success if I cut it all out my Cravings each week I've continued on my Cravings have almost gone away like I am happy and satisfied and stronger that when something when stress happens I'm not immediately turning to food you know like or it's it's it's just crazy how like just that little bit of momentum every week can you get you stronger so that you react different when you're faced with those same obstacles or triggers so the noise in the background in my head is and that's because I'm working out every day I'm doing what I want to do in the gym I'm seeing the inside of my body's feeling different so what it comes down to is it's literally me versus my old me and we are duking it out and right now I am happy with the person that I'm becoming and that at the end of the day is what matters but I can I could not have gotten here if I wasn't willing to put in the work and to change my habits and to truly live this new version of me that is different than the past it's not lipstick on a pig it's not something that's in Disguise trying to you know fill in the gaps now it's I literally live a different life right now and that I did not live two years ago and definitely not four years ago so I hope that all makes sense I will say for workout wise the only difference or the only negative I can put in the column I don't even know if it's a negative but the only thing that I did notice is when I was eating low carb high protein when I did my workouts after I would complete a set in order to build muscle I like to go to failure like I don't like to just be oh yeah I got it and then put it up like I want to be pushing and I want to lift heavy because that's how you ultimately build muscle if you're not pushing yourself you're not building muscle so I when I would do the same steps you know a couple a month ago with a low carb approach I feel like I always had one more set in me like I I completed what I needed to get done and I felt like oh I've got like five more reps in me on this high protein keto I am only able to complete my set I'm going to failure in my set if that makes sense so I've lost a little bit of power um in the workouts am I still completing the same workout yes um so but the I love how I feel the rest of the day you know like yes so it's like there's just so just one little notice there's one little there's one little check mark that when I was eating a more low carb approach it seemed like I had better power to fuel my workouts but at the end of the day I'm still getting it done no big deal and when I get to my go waiter when I choose to go back to low carb no big deal but right now I'm still perfectly able to crush it in the gym so point being I'm getting the job done and I'm feeling good and I am on a roll so I hope you understand what I've tried to say this video it's a little shorter than normal I didn't have any like mind-blowing things happen this week it was just a combination of a lot of little pieces coming together and every now and then you have to take time and reflect on those and see those differences to see that you are make you're you're totally taking that step and each step up the mountain we're making progress you know so anyways that is today's video and I am going to change clothes and go get a workout done speaking of workouts right plus the lawn mowers outside have started so that's my cue to go [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @LoveWinsMovement [6 likes]: Can I ask The KetoRewind Community… Is Jess no longer reading/liking/replying back to video comments anymore? 🧐 I don’t see any Keto Rewind buttons on any of the comments here.
  2. @sylviaroberts8246 [2 likes]: Well done Jess, you are an inspiration to us all. Thank you for speaking the reality of losing weight.... been there, done that. I find cravings go away completely when I do a 3 day egg fast. You look great, very happy and healthy.... keep up the good work 🤗💜
  3. @kaykallsen6066 [2 likes]: Are there any Plus 60 people following you??!!
Relating to not 100% Keto
  4. @TuffyTalksCGT [1 likes]: I had the same experience and can totally relate to the mistakes and convenient excuses happening more and more often. Cheers to you for continuing the journey. You continue to be an inspiration to me.❤
  5. @cristinavetsch3468 [1 likes]: Self control is a fruit of the Holy Spirit. God bless you 🙏
  6. @eulaguider21 [1 likes]: Trial and error. I love it. Congratulations! Thank you for sharing.
  7. @pamelachappell1089 [1 likes]: It is great to see you 'making your comeback'!  I found the same thing in the gym, but the longer I have stuck with the more keto way of eating my strength/stamina is returning.  Maybe it just takes some time for your body to adjust to burning those ketones as opposed to carbs???  I'm not sure; just throwing that out there.  Have a great day!
  8. @sarahschannelAU: Great video
  9. @nicoledillistone: pizza and cake is fine if its KETO
pizza n cake 😂
  10. @palo1722: Great Video! This resonates with me so much. Same here I work so much in a week and have learned not to sabotage myself over the weekend. My toughest time is during my period, I have the lowest energy and want more carbs but no sugar. Then I have to recover from that week. I am trying to figure out an action plan to combat this. Thx for sharing. Keep going!!
  11. @Veggie_vamp: 15:30 exactly
  12. @Ketokonstructed: same here keto then  high carb, cheat go back ugh
  13. @sissydarcy2290: I did understeand, you are very clear and authentic, great your journey!
  14. @shawnatwin: Thank you for your hard work with these videos.
  15. @shawnatwin: Your analogies are hilarious 😆
  16. @bethsher202: Have been doing keto since mid July and since September switched to high protein keto and it’s made a huge diff on the scale
  17. @ValeryLH: This exactly where I am right now!! Thanks for sharing your process. This week I’m going to remind myself to not ruin a full week of hard work with 15 seconds of giving in to that thing I want!
  18. @BarbB-x6e: This is so my journey as well.  So proud of you, and so happy for you, Jess!! You are doing the real work that will really pay off.  You’re an inspiration, and you keep this 60+ viewer going!
  19. @TT-00000: You have to do what works for you since this is a lifetime way of eating!  Proud of you and thanks for your videos!
  20. @cassieb1860: So you are saying you are an abstainer not a moderator. I stopped the “keto” mindset and just stay with Vinnie Tortorich No Sugar No grains.

- I LOST 200 lbs and it Changed My LIFE | BLACK FRIDAY SALE Best BRAS for Bigger BUST #blackfriday: Kind: captions Language: en hello my friends welcome back to quito in the chaos my name is Tammy and on this channel I like to share all my tips and tricks on how I lost 200 pounds on Quito and how you can be successful on your own key to weight loss journey so if that's what you're looking for don't forget to hit the subscribe button and ring the bell for more videos like this one to inspire you on your own key to weight loss journey welcome back everyone in this video today I'm going to be talking about how my life has changed after losing 200 pounds on a ketogenic way of eating and this video I'm happy to say is sponsored by Yvette sports.com event makes really great sports bras for all sizes and really amazing leggings so I'm going to throughout this video I'm going to be talking to you about different features about these products that I really love and how they're gonna benefit me in my new 200 pounds free life and how they can also benefit you and don't forget there's going to be a Black Friday sale plus a discount code so you're gonna want to stick around for more information about how you can get your own Yvette sports bra one way my life has really changed since I lost 200 pounds is becoming more active I always had dreams of dancing when I was younger but I never got to take dance classes when I was a kid I was always the chubby one and the awkward one and I never really dared to try but now that I've lost so much weight I find myself being willing to try things that are super hard for example this morning I'm heading out to staging rehearsal for the Nutcracker did I just say the Nutcracker yes I did I am acting as one of the party parents in the Nutcracker with my kids I have dreamed of doing this for 15 years and it's so exciting to me that I have the opportunity to be on stage with my kids it's amazing I have three I have three little girls and one seventeen year old son my 17 year old son got roped into being my my partner he's the father I'm the mother in our little group this morning I'm heading out and I am wearing my new event bra and I have to I'm really impressed I will talk about it in a minute and I will give you a full review but after I go and wear it I am really impressed with how easy it was to put on how well it fits and how nice it is I really didn't expect it to be this nice so I'm off to class I can't really record my actual dancing because they don't allow that at the Nutcracker but I will tell you how it went after I'm done I am also wearing my Evette leggings and javi said they make my buttons are good so I'm pretty happy about how they look and I will show you those a little later as well make sure though that looks good [Applause] all righty guys today is the big day where I go in and try on my costume for the Nutcracker for the very first time I am incredibly nervous and excited and looking forward to it I hope it's gonna fit me and look good and all that stuff I don't know if they'll let me film it but I'm gonna tell you guys about it either way [Music] oh well survived it was kind of weird she's a pain train going past she didn't tell me what was the deal with it but apparently the skirt that fits me in the length is still too small around the waist I think it's too small so hahaha we worst fear I'm sure she was like not wanting to say anything and the other skirts that she has are all too long so they'd fit around the weights but they're all too long and so she legit has to make me a new skirt and I felt really bad about that it's like I feel like I should change my size I told her I'm like I could wear a squeezer and be smaller around the waist cuz I didn't wear one today maybe I should have worn one I kind of feel bad I don't know but it's over it wasn't horrible I felt pretty in the bodice and I'm looking forward to a great show he had another thing that has changed for after making this change in my life I'm finally doing something I've dreamed of doing for 15 years still can't quite believe is happening but yeah ever since Xander was in the very person a cracker show I've dreamed of being a party parent and here I'm finally making my dream come true it's pretty amazing all right as I said earlier I am following my dreams by doing things I never dreamed possible for 15 years I've dreamed of being in the Nutcracker and it's kind of crazy that today was staging rehearsal and I got to be on stage dancing and going to be on stage dancing in front of all of my friends and family and everybody else that comes to see the show it's kind of nerve-wracking and really exciting I just got home from Nutcracker practice and I've been wearing this power back women's running a support bra this is a high impact support bra that I got from Yvette and I have to say I was really impressed with this bra for the price the price you die over the price is you have got to click the links in the About section below and find out how you can get your own because the prices on these bras are amazing guys amazing I'm not even kidding that's the best thing about these bras so far for me is the price because as a large busted girl as I have been large busted literally since I busted out I have been searching for a cheap option for a bra every single day year of my life every single year since probably my junior stout sophomore year in high school I haven't been able to find anything under $60 so to find a sports bra that does such a good job for the price that this bra is I mean guys it's amazing so definitely don't forget to check it out but I wanted to talk about some of the great features that I've really enjoyed about this bra and let you know how it worked for me whether I agree with what the features said that they were going to do if I feel like I got what I expected from the bra this bra has breathable mesh which is really nice if you're going to be exercising it's pretty it's cute and so that's a big plus for me I didn't feel like I was getting too sweaty or that it was feeling too uncomfortable on me another great feature is that it has these double straps on the back it has these double straps and not only does it look super cute but it takes off some of the pressure on the shoulder and back I've tried a lot of these racerback style type sports bras I've gone to a lot of stores and tried on every one that I that I could find expensive ones cheap ones and honestly they all I couldn't wear them because I felt like the pressure through here was just too much I have been wearing this for hours and hours and I still feel super comfortable in it and I really feel like I could wear it all day long and it wouldn't bother me another great feature that I like is that it doesn't have wires in it almost every single bra for bigger girls has to have underwire because they feel like we can't get the support without it but as you can see there's a lot of support with no underwire and so I don't get any wires digging into my sides which is the worst part of the sports bra that I have been using that I paid almost $70 for so that is HUGE I think I am in love with this bra I don't know how I'm gonna feel about the other ones but this one is really really awesome it's also extremely cute it has not moved from where I put it on my back the crisscross keeps the straps where they're supposed to be so it doesn't shift around I didn't feel like the band was riding up at all today which is really really great and it highlights my figure it pulls in right here so cute and the back makes my back look cute which as you know after you've lost 200 pounds and you have all this loose skin anything that can help you feel like you're reining it in a little bit and that you're feeling cute and pretty in a bra is going to be beneficial and I have to say I'm really really happy with this one again it's called the power back women's high support running sports bra and of course the link to all of these bras are going to be in the About section below I am going to switch bras and then I'm going to show you the inside of this bra so that you can see basically every big every part of it so that you can decide if it's the right bra for you alright so here you can see the inside these cups are actually sewn in you can't remove the liner and I don't feel like the liner is too big it's just the right amount to make sure that nothing shows you know you know what I'm talking about right so there if the liner is in so it's not gonna move around and stuff which is something I always want to remove the liners because they never say what it seems like so that's really really nice and you can see here's some of the mesh here which is really nice and sexy and like breathable and then here of course there's this kind here in the middle and the straps are just really really nice it's a simple bra there's no adjusting needed it just slips on I'm telling you this is probably the easiest bra I've I've used or put on in a really long time love is broad with my new favorite thing this brow that I have on now is called the limitless plus-size women's high support sports bra so this one is supposed to be for women with very large chests with high impact sports and I'd compare it probably to like the she fit bra I have tried the she fit bra because it was adjustable and I thought it would be so great for when you lose weight because you can tighten up the band and everything but one thing I will tell you about the she fit bra is that the band never got small enough from me still even though it was adjustable so in order to get the cup size big enough I actually had to pull the strap clear over here like it was ridiculous it didn't really work for me I didn't like the shape the shape on this one you can see is not bad not too much uniboob I've got a nice round shape these are nice wide straps that are that they're taking off some of the pressure off my shoulders they're not too close to my neck they're not too far out I feel like they're in just the right place for high impact sports now I have this bra set on the level 1 to 2 which suits for very light impact and as you can see it moves a little bit more than the other bra I could adjust it to be a little bit better if there's a level 4 3 2 5 which is medium impact and 59 which high impact and you can see those adjustments on the back of the bra right through here so you adjust and on the sides there's also an adjustment here you choose the level of support that you need for the sport that you are doing so right now I'm not doing this for it so I have it on the basic level and I feel like it fits me pretty well now granted this is the first I'm putting on this bra I would have to wear it all day to speak to whether or not it gives chafing or if it pushes in any weird place but so I'd have to wear this for a few hours to determine if it was going to be super comfortable for me like the other bra and I definitely am going to be doing that I'm going to be trying out all these bras this week and seeing how it goes I might mention it again my weigh-in on sunday how it's been going for me this week so if you want to update on how these work for me definitely come back on Sunday and check out my way and I'll talk about these bras again I have a discount code and it is Tam 20 and you can get 20% off of your order with that discount code don't forget the links are all in the About section below if you want to check out these bras and their great prices all for yourself alright so you can see the inside of this bra it doesn't really have the padding it has just like a double liner so that's nice if that's something that you were not loving about the other bras is that they have the sewn in pads this one does not have that it's just 2 or 3 layers of fabric right here now you can see all the different places you can adjust you can adjust the band here you see all the little adjustments that you can do so this is great if you're losing some weight you can be able to cinch up the band a little better as you go almost like the she fit bra and I feel like this one probably is a better shape and the shape your bra has really wide velcro right here that digs into your side and this does not dig which is really nice it's nice and soft it feels good it's stretchy I think it's more suitable to weight loss for tightening it up and it fit me a pretty great which I have a very very skinny torso and I always have and it's been the hardest part for me finding a bra that would fit me is that finding one that would fit me in the actual fit me in the actual torso here are the adjustments on the back you can see there are 10 adjustments and basically you decide how tightly you want to be held so you can decide based on your sport and what you're doing if you're going jogging one day you're going down through just in yoga you would want to have it on a different setting which makes it really nice and really adjustable it's like you're buying three different types of bras for the price of one guys that's amazing right who doesn't love saving money this is one of the best deals you're gonna find on bras in the whole entire internet trust me I have looked and looked for bras my whole life and I've been buying browse the internet for a long time I haven't seen any deals that were as good as this one so you guys should definitely check it out and so for the last bra we have the unfold geometric women's high support running sports bra this one is super cute don't you think it's cute obviously the geometric comes from the super cute design that reminds me actually of like the sky and of constellations and it's personally luffa in me and I get really excited when I look at it it's super cute I love the way it makes me shaped I really really thought this was going to be a uniboob bra when I saw it in the bag I thought oh I don't think that one's gonna work and guys I've got it on and I actually think it's cute look at this I don't know if you can there we go look at the shape on that that's actually really nice it's not pressing me in two months it has a nice amount of support so I feel like I could wear it to my clogging classes and stuff but you know what you can even wear this out swimming or just like out jogging it's really really really great it's super cute I love it it's easy to get on and off it zips right here has the little closure the thing will stay zipped while you work out it will not come undone it's a very great zipper it has you'd have the racerback design on the back which is really really nice nice for a high-impact sport as well the size is on this one the band's come in 32 to 42 and cup sizes double A to double D so that last bra that was really adjustable that one actually comes in a lot more sizes a lot more cup sizes this one is a little bit more limited but still double D is really great so I am actually wearing a 36 double D which is really really great and I and I love it I'm so glad that I was able to get one of these ones because they're really really cute so if you aren't already super excited about events towards guys you have to check them out I'm gonna talk next about their awesome leggings as you can see they have a nice high waist I am wearing the XXL right Canadiens why are you doing this to me right now why are you doing this to me not girls who has lost 200 pounds never ever ever wants to see XXL on her clothes ever ever ever ever ever again that's the Canadian size and so the regular size that's listed on their leggings is gonna be different than what you would normally buy this is actually a u.s. 12 and I personally wish I had gone with the 10 it keeps kind of sliding down and it's not staying put where I want it to and I think I really think I got the wrong size so when I get another pair I'm definitely gonna get the one XL instead of the 2x oh and try that out but my hubby said that it made my book of goods I'm just showing you I don't know if you can tell with this lighting what it looks like but they're very soft very smooth they were super comfortable today at Nutcracker rehearsal I felt very covered and yet free and light and I felt supported without feeling like you could see through because a lot of my black leggings you can kind of see through my leggings which is a big problem for me I get really self-conscious and today I was dancing up on the stage just fine with only my leggings and my sweater at my bra and I felt very comfortable and I really liked them so for the price especially you guys the price on these clothes are amazing and the deals that you are gonna get today is mind-blowing I'm not even kidding like I'm so grateful to Yvette Sports contacted me because I may not have heard of this company and it's gonna save my life I am going to stock up on this stuff because I'm so excited about having exercise clothes because I never really was able to find things that fit me before and now I'm really excited to dress my new body in different clothes and do different things and do things after losing 200 pounds now some of the downfalls of losing 200 pounds of course we've talked about it before if you're not new to my channel but if you are you may have noticed I have a lot of loose skin I have actually done a whole video where I talked about and showed all of my loose skin so if you have missed that video I'm gonna go ahead and link that above for you in the cards so that you can have a chance to go check that out and in that video you'll see my old sports bra which is going in the trash my $70 board sports bra is out I have all these new event sports bras and I am in love and I hope that you guys will be in love as well so let's get on to talking more about some of the ways my life has changed after losing 200 pounds and don't forget to check out the About section where you'll find all the information you need to get your own events sports collection at a really amazing Black Friday deal some of the ways my life has changed after losing 200 pounds obviously I feel and look a lot younger I get a lot of people always saying that I look a lot younger than I used to I don't really think that I look any younger but I do definitely feel a lot younger I feel younger now than I did when I was in my 20s even I mean I have been over 300 pounds for most of my adult life so right now at almost 45 years old I turned 45 next week and I feel younger than I did when I was 20 years old I'm much more active than I ever was before and I'm able to do fun things with my kids that I've always thought I should do but never really felt like I could do like dancing hiking and other fun things I'm going to show you a few clips of some of the fun things I've been doing in the last few weeks with my kids at all and all on my own and I hope you guys enjoy that an arrow we're going the right way it was upside down again all right you can't even see this room down there that's awesome yeah cuz it's faster while it's faster I'm not leavin it's still here huh that's pretty pretty great view if this beam would stop attacking me legitimately Abby whoa wait the hike it's pretty pretty beautiful up here isn't it look at this the view is amazing this is the fun activity okay so we have to find rocks that we can paint a doubt that we have about ourselves on it I think she's trying to show how we need to let those go of their burdens to us so we have to find that the burden I see one for me if I can get to it right there do Ruby apparently sat on a cactus or something or some kind of smoky plant she's down there crying and I'm up here I can't get down there too fast it's gonna take me a second all right trying to figure out how to get down rubes I'm getting up is the easy part like I said before this is tenuous at best with these rocks not to mention carry another 10 pound rock how'd you talk us into this no it's fine I'm just wondering how I got roped into this one of the biggest downfalls of losing 200 pounds is the fact that I'm always cold I am freezing to death almost every single day to the point where it almost puts me into depression because I feel like I'm fighting the cold all the time my Christmas list consists of a whole bunch of things that are set to make me a little warmer heated jackets heated hand warmers heated blankets that I can take with me to the dance to do all kinds of crazy contraptions for getting myself warm because I just can't seem to get there I can't seem to stay warm which is really frustrating when we go to the movies I have a legitimate a fear an anxiety of being able to see the movie without feeling super uncomfortable because the last few times we've seen a movie I have been utterly miserable to the point where I just couldn't even enjoy the show so I'm gonna show you some funny clips about the last time Dave and I went to see a movie and what we did in order to cope with that problem so I had to stop at Target to buy because I forgot my blanket and I'm too afraid to watch a movie because it's always cold so because I had to go to Target for my blankie we got to the movie late but we were able to change our tickets and we got imax tickets instead of the other theaters that's good it was only three dollars more now we're just sitting waiting because they haven't finished cleaning the theater yet ironically after all of that it's hot in here alrighty guys thanks so much for hanging out with me all of this time I'm so glad you made it to the end of this video don't forget to check out the links in the About section for all the information on these events sports bras and leggings that you can get for yourself today on Black Friday I'm so happy to have been shared shared this sponsored video with you from Evette sports comm they are amazing such a great company to work with and I'm so honored to be one of their partners if you made it to the end of this video definitely put some kind of exercise your favorite exercise emoji in the comment section below so I know that you made it to the end and that you guys are my BFFs I appreciate you all so much thanks so much for hanging out with me we'll talk to you all again soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @yvettesports_official [2 likes]: Thanks so much for your video! If anyone has questions about out items, feel free to contact me!😃 We will keep doing better for providing high quality sports wear but with affordable prices. Thank you so much! ❤❤❤
  2. @j.a.campbell1240 [2 likes]: Nice review of all the sports bras. They all looked nice on you. Leggings  too.
  3. @kristals_1196 [2 likes]: 🥾 is my favorite exercise.  Great video for Yvette Sports.
  4. @laurie2355 [2 likes]: I enjoy your enthusiasm 😃
  5. @Tubie1111 [2 likes]: Why not just tack up one of the skirts that are too long?
  6. @Niqueena1 [2 likes]: 🚴‍♀️🚵‍♀️ you rock! Congrats on the sponsorship!
  7. @1GoldenBreeze [2 likes]: You look really cute in your costume.  The bras look good on you and you don't even look like you are larger in the bust.  My mom was larger in the bust and always had problems with buying bras.  To make it even worse she was a size 8 to 10 in clothing.  I didn't inherit that trait from her and could buy 3 or 4 bras for the price she had to pay for one.  I'm glad that Yvette carries sports bras for smaller bust sizes as well as larger ones that is sometimes hard to find in one manufacturer.
  8. @janicebright9578 [2 likes]: Great review🥋🧘🏾‍♂️
  9. @lisasumms2114 [1 likes]: You look soooo pretty! YouTube just threw this to me so I’m going back in time and up to date with your successful performances. Congrats on chasing your dreams and catching them.
  10. @PamBJourney2Me [1 likes]: 🚶‍♀️🏊‍♀️🚴‍♀️
  11. @ShielaSoares [1 likes]: 🧘‍♀️❤
  12. @debolsen3294 [1 likes]: I made it to  the end, but I don't know how to emoji? But swimming would be my favorite exercise!
  13. @annettevaldez [1 likes]: 🧘🏻🚴🏻‍♀️
  14. @CarnivoreNana71 [1 likes]: Great video girl I hope you're getting paid better then an infomercial 👍😜👍😜👍
  15. @kathysherman4958 [1 likes]: 🏃🏼‍♀️🚵🏻‍♀️
  16. @Ev-vh3pf [1 likes]: Tammi, I can really relate to this video.  I had a huge chest, for 37+ years.  4 years ago, when I turned 50 I got a reduction done (down to a D cup) and it was so freeing to have all these new bra choices. I loved it.  I too have real issues w/ the cold. I have an auto-immune disorder that makes me super susceptible to the cold and really causes me a lot of pain. Especially in my hands & feet. It's miserable. I have horrible problems at the movies too. I have to wear boots, gloves etc., even in summer.  The hubby and I moved from CA to OK and I do miss the CA weather and being warm, especially right now.
  17. @shirlynssleeve4661 [1 likes]: What a great feeling it must be to put on a top & be too big! Never apologize for your Midsection as you gave birth to a bunch of HUMANS👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻 The views are lovely! My state (MI) is gorgeous w/The Great Lakes but flat.
  18. @CXJ1898: I'm Canadian.  A US size 12 = our XXL??
  19. @leylad308: You know the key to boost them by at the very least two cups you actually need the body do everything for you. Simply by using a system like the one by Mika Klopsworth's method, you can easily make it happen within a few weeks.
  20. @amandachristian1406: I love 🏊

- "How RTT® Changed My Life" | Gisselle's Transformational Story: Kind: captions Language: en hello I'm jel and this is how rtt changed my life a year ago probably a year and a half ago I I suffer from a severe anxiety and Mild depression it was very difficult for me to actually deal with uh daily life because when you think at least when in my experience when you go through anxiety you feel a lot of things inside that are not very apparent to the external world and while I may look normal at my work um at a social setting inside I'm almost dying you know emotionally just to be very specific I felt trapped I felt in some occasions I had shortness of breath I was sleeping very very few hours you know I actually had also migraines um and a lot of other symptoms that I at the beginning I didn't realize were tied to anxiety so it was kind of like killing me almost inside it was very difficult uh to live a daily normal life I had a lot of stress and it was very difficult to deal with this I tried several therapies I tried the conventional therapy I tried other you know therapies that although worked for me at the beginning it didn't work uh for me completely uh and it took months and a lot of money to be very honest to kind of get help and after that you know I I gave gave RT a tried I didn't think much about it um then I met somebody who had a friend who had tried it and they told me to try it and I gave it a try and what was wonderful for me for RT was that it was fast I at that point was honestly I was desperate I couldn't I just couldn't find a solution I did my research I you know looked at very extreme type of things that I could do from the conventional to the very typical treatment and I did rtt and I have to say that it did work for me it did work for me fast I did three sessions of rtt it made me feel better I was able to sleep much better and I had not been able to sleep for decades honestly it was something that I actually had accepted and I thought that it was normal that tied to my stress and normal challenges that you have in life it was it was very difficult to leave but rtt actually made me have hope you know I went to a dark place honestly I was in darkness and at times I I thought that I I had no solution that nothing would work for me because I tried several things but finally I was able to see the light and that's why I wanted to share this with you uh rtt did change my life I also find myself in a time in my life where I wanted to do something with my life and I have uh actually found my purpose in life I want to share this with you because I believe in it and I also believe that by doing rtt we can help and I can help actually make people deal with their problems and actually solve their problems emotional problems also physical you know symptoms and ailments diseases we can use rtt in in many different ways even with the youth you know any age uh it is possible I am telling you this because it did work for me if it did work for me it can work for you you just have to believe that there's hope and that this can change your life and it can

- It’s Not Too Late: How to Transform Your Life at Any Moment: Kind: captions Language: en People change when the pain of their circumstances exceeds the fear of finally doing something different. >> Today on the Mel Robbins podcast, if you're feeling behind, you're in the right place. Our expert today is going to convince you it's never too late. You can reinvent yourself and your life at any age. Rich Roll is a very close friend of mine and at the age of 58, he is one of the most successful podcasters in the world. And he's also one of the fittest men alive. But he didn't start that way. What does a rock bottom moment mean? >> Rock bottom is what you decide it to be? Because if the elevator's going down, there is no ground level. It can always go further down until you're dead. I got two DUIs in 6 or 8 weeks of each other. >> 6 or 8 weeks. >> We didn't have the 80 bucks to pay, you know, waste removal and they took our bins away. So, we would have to put the garbage in our beat up minivan and drive it to some dumpster behind a grocery store. almost didn't have enough money to like put food on the table and it's hard to even talk about. Like it's embarrassing. I had to suffer more and go darker and that elevator just had to keep going down before I was really ready to wake up. >> Change wants you to want it. What does that mean? >> People say people don't change and I think that's absolutely nonsense. Change is hardwired into our DNA. The only thing that is impossible is to not change. And so the question becomes, are you going to have a relationship with your own internal arc of change? No matter the circumstances of your life, whatever is holding you back or keeping you stuck can be overcome. A life that is joyous, happy, and free is not only possible, but available to you. >> Hey, it's your friend Mel, and welcome to the Mel Robbins Podcast. Hey, it's Mel. My team was showing me that 57% of you who watch here on YouTube are not subscribed yet. Could you do me a quick favor? Hit subscribe. It's free. And that way, you don't miss any of the episodes that I post here on YouTube. It also lets me know that you're enjoying the guests and you love the content that I'm bringing you because I want to make sure you don't miss anything. So, thank you. Thank you. Thank you for hitting subscribe. All right, you ready? I bet you are. So, let's dive in. >> Rich roll in the house. I am so excited you're here. >> I'm very excited to be here. This is a long time coming. We've known each other a long time. Uh so, it lined up. It's great. I'm here. Let's do it. >> Thank you for jumping on a plane. I cannot wait for the person that's with us right now to get to experience the magic that is my friend Ritual. So, we're going to cover a lot in our conversation, but I would love if you could start by telling the person who's with us right now, what they might experience in their life that could be different if you they take everything to heart that you're about to share from your own life story and they apply it to their own life. If you are struggling, if you are stuck, I can promise you that there is hope. that if you want to change, you can change. Because I believe that every single one of us is far more capable than we allow ourselves to believe. And that right underneath our feet is a vast reservoir of untapped potential, just yearning to be released. And our job is to bring it forth, to release it into the world. One of the reasons why I am so excited to have this conversation with you is because your life demonstrates that there is no age limit for when you can change, when you can achieve things. And in fact, I would love to have you read >> the post that you uh put out that I think is so inspiring. >> So, this was six years ago. I didn't reach my athletic peak until I was 43. I didn't write my first book until I was 44. I didn't start my podcast until I was 45. At 30, I thought my life was over. At 52, I know it's just beginning. Keep running. Never give up. And watch your kite soar. >> What does that mean to you? >> To me, it means that change is always possible. And I think that we put all of this pressure on ourselves. We are in a hurry all the time to get to some place. And we're indoctrinated into that at a very young age. From the beginnings of school where we're chasing grades and, you know, trying to get to the next level. there's always some sort of goal that we're chasing or some gold star that we're grabbing for and we're measuring our self-worth against the extent to which we're keeping up with our peers. And so this race begins before our brains are, you know, even close to being formed. And we carry it through our entire life putting pressure on ourselves, always believing that we're behind and we have to we have to catch up or we're just never going to get like quote unquote there. And I think that's a real violence that we do, this socially imposed violence. And in my experience, yes, life is short. We have one precious life. We should all, you know, devote ourselves to making the most of it. But life is also long. And we're not in a race. So stop measuring yourself against all these other people and figure out who you want to be, what it is that you want to do, and start taking those little baby steps towards it. and it will lead you in a direction that might take longer than other people, but in my experience that that's okay. And this is a, you know, a tweet that I sent out now six years ago. And I don't know if I would say I'm still at the beginning, but you know, I'm not nearly at the end right now. And I'm still >> But you're at the beginning of something. >> Yeah. Well, I'm you're we're always at the beginning of something, you know, uh, you know, growth, change, evolution, transformation. This is a this is a lifelong, you know, path that we're on. So there's always something to learn. There's always a way to grow. >> Well, and I cannot wait to get into your story and the lessons learned like me the hard way and the mistakes made and the wisdom that you gained from it. But before we do, I I would love to have you talk directly to the person who's either listening or watching right now. And it's so easy in life to get to this point. You're like, I blew it. 25. >> Mhm. majored in the wrong thing, did the wrong thing, you know, missed the window, 30, 40, like for somebody whatever age they are saying it's too late. What do you want to tell them? It's not too late. This is a story that we've been fed that we internalize and delude ourselves into believing. But it's just that it's a story. When you can step back and deconstruct deconstruct it, you realize it's insane. It's a template that's been laid on top of you that I think is deranging our minds in a very violent way that makes us feel bad about ourselves. It's not too late. There's always a possibility for you to move in a new direction or change the trajectory of your life wholesale or even make those micro changes that are going to kind of just shift your trajectory just enough to lead you in a direction that is going to be, you know, kind of more personally fulfilling for you. I love this, Rich. I absolutely love this. You have such an incredible story. You've been named one of the 25 fittest men in the world by Men's Fitness. You You literally raised, if you weren't watching on YouTube, Rich put his arms out just a minute ago. Your wingspan is nuts. Like, I bet your arms went across the screen and disappeared across the YouTube screen here. And so, I didn't realize that your w I realized you were a swimmer, dude. >> I don't even I never even knew that. Oh, you like you went like this. I'm like, is he about to take flight? This man is like he's like I don't know what a big bird is, but he's like a big I mean unbelievable. >> And you say though as a kid that you were shy, insecure, and bullied. So tell me about that. Yeah, I was a very um scared and afraid young person uh who was bullied considerably through elementary school and junior high school and high school. Um >> what did they pick on you about? Cuz I look at you now, I'm like, man, what a handsome guy. He's like got it together. Peter, dude, >> let me paint the picture. Okay, imagine, you know, the the 10, 12year-old version of me. uh you know, giant thick coke bottle glasses. Not only that, a patch on one eye cuz I have a I have a weak left eye that kind of wanders. >> So they they literally cover >> Do you remember in the 70s? Yeah. They put a patch on it. It's like they put a patch on your strong eye and the idea is it will strengthen your weak eye. So I had to wear a patch on one eye and then on top of that I had the headgear orthodontia with the with the with the wires coming out of the mouth and the strap, you know, behind your back. So, I was not a vision for you, Mel. Hardly. Uh, >> well, I don't know. I had a Dorothy Hamill haircut and buck teeth, so you might have been just my type, Rich. >> Yeah, it's hard to be young. It's hard to be young. So, yeah, I was bullied. And I think those experiences made me withdraw socially and made me very insecure about my behavior and my appearance. And my solution to that was just to kind of fade into the background, at least initially. >> How did that experience shape who you are today? It made me a peopleleaspleasing, approval, addicted uh person who would literally morph to fit the occasion in order to get love and approval. And I think layered on top of that, being raised in in a family in which expectations ran high, I intuited that love is transactional, that I'm not entitled to it, and the only way to get it is to somehow figure out how to distinguish myself, to achieve things, to figure out how to be special, and to commit myself to extrinsic external rewards. because otherwise I was unworthy of love >> and unworthy of approval. >> So is that what drove you to get the kind of grades that got you into Stanford and to become like a worldclass athlete at the collegiate level? >> Yeah, I think that's a huge part of the motor behind that. Like >> so how did you compete if you got headgear on like as a like how did you discover swimming? Swimming was the only thing that I stumbled across as a young person that I felt like I had any aptitude for whatsoever. And I enjoyed it. More than that, the experience of being underwater felt almost womblike, like a safe place away from the bullying, away from, you know, the name calling. And I learned very quickly in the pool, having joined a team in which there were a lot of swimmers who were much more talented and accomplished than I was at at I'm talking about around the time I was 12, 13 years old. >> Um that I could bridge that talent deficit gap by just working harder than everybody else. And so that's where the relationship with suffering and just being the hardest worker in the room was born because I was quickly rewarded for that and that started to spill into every aspect of my life including academics to my benefit. >> Well, all that effort that you put in paid off because by the time you were in your early 20s, you not only had gone to Stamford, but you were also in law school. You had a fancy job after law school. On the outside, everything seemed like it was working out, but it really wasn't. So, put us at the scene of kind of the first thing that started to spiral out of control in your life. >> Yeah. Well, first I would say that this like affinity for extremes is definitely a strength if not a superpower, but ultimately also like my greatest weakness in Achilles heel. like what serves us also harms us when it's out of balance. And that's my experience and I think yes like all of that focus and discipline paid off in a very real material way but that came at a cost which is that I had blinders on and you know I was I was being funneled into a certain track and I figured out how to play that game and I was playing it like high achievement like get the good grades get into the get into I mean I got into all eight colleges that I applied to, including Harvard, Princeton, like you name it. I got into all the schools, right? And I went go off. >> And then and then I was one of the top ranked high school swimmers in the country. And I go to Stanford, which is not only, you know, obviously this insanely amazing academic institution, but also at the time had the number one men's collegiate swimming program in the country. So I went from this bullied, insecure, like naval gazing kid to this guy at Stanford who was suddenly surrounded by his athletic heroes. But I think yes, I was still to some degree, you know, being funneled on a track. And the promise, the implicit promise at the end of this funnel is of course you will be happy, you will be fulfilled, you will have a good life. And I believed in that promise. And I'm sure for many people it's true. But in my case, the pursuit of that track was a betrayal of of like who I fundamentally was as a as a person. Like my whole life was >> jamming a square peg into a round hole. And that creates like a like a an uncomfortability or or like a dissonance with your with your higher self that is a low hum until it's not and you know alcohol I'm sure we're going to talk about this kind of entered the picture to ameliate that. >> Could you describe what does it feel like to be in a life where you're being funneled even if it's successful on the outside? What is that like to be in a life where you're like, "It just doesn't quite fit." >> Mhm. >> You know what I mean? >> Yeah. I mean, first of all, you don't know that you're in it. That's the truth, right? >> You may know your intuition, your deep down intuition that you're comp that you're repressing and compartmentalizing is trying to get your attention, but but you don't want to hear it, right? So, so, so it is difficult to know >> if you're not on the right track or not. And I'm sensitive to that. But I do think that there is um something that I call the knock, right? Like I think that when you're when you're off your trajectory, you know, when you're off your your your like true path, not to get too woo woo about it, but like the universe kind of lets you know and they begin to it begins to let you know very gently. you know, a little tap like something you thought would go right might go wrong or or there's a little friction in one area of your life. And these are things we dismiss, you know, uh, you know, moving on, right? >> What are some of the things like when you're like in the lawyer mode, what are the gentle knocks before the sledgehammer hits you? >> Well, you know, that that that gaze in the mirror in the morning like where you have to like get yourself up to just get dressed to go to the job. Like I think this is common to you know most people who are you know on a certain career path that >> is less fulfilling than than maybe it could be. Like the fact that you have to like psych yourself up just to get to work >> and simple tasks feel daunting. And then you look around the office and the people who got the promotion that you've told yourself that you want don't look very happy and are compensating for it by spending too much money on things they can't afford. But you don't quite register that. and you convince yourself that nonetheless you want that promotion without really reflecting on like is this what I need want and why why do I want it and so I think the universe is like trying to get your attention like hey look over there see what's happening and you ignore it and it starts to knock louder and it knocks louder it knocks louder until you know it derails your life to an extent to which you're willing to listen and kind of take accountability for your life >> well You mentioned alcohol. You've been very open about your relationship with alcohol, addiction, the role that it played in your life, and this kind of life-changing breakdown that you had. How did it all begin? >> Yeah. I mean, first of all, I never got in trouble in high school. Like, I was a goody goodie. I was waking up at 4:30 every morning and going to swim practice for an hour and a half and then going to school and then going to back to the pool for two more hours and then studying and then lights out at 9:00. I I didn't go to parties. I wasn't invited to the parties anyway. And so my career with alcohol didn't start until a little bit later than than it does for a lot of people. Um around the time I was 20, 21. And when I got my first buzz, I suddenly felt comfortable in my own skin for the very first time. Like that lowgrade dissonance or discomfort that you had your whole life that you don't even you don't even know that it could feel any different than that like evaporated and it just felt like I was being wrapped in a warm blanket and being told that everything was okay. And all I remember about that is just that I wanted to feel that way all the time. And I thought that I I had found the solution for my life. But alcohol, you know, getting drunk was really fun and it solved a lot of my social anxiety. And it taught me how to be a social creature and talk to a girl and go to a party and crack a joke and look somebody in the eye. Like, I felt like it was an education in how to be a social animal. But as any alcoholic will tell you, it's not long before the veneer cracks and your life starts to get progressively more chaotic and more unmanageable. >> One of the things that I also love about the way that you talk about addiction is that it's way beyond alcohol. That people can become addicted to lots of different things, whether it's to busyness, to drugs, to video games, to toxic relationships, to chaos in their lives. Can you talk a little bit more about that just to widen the spectrum? >> I've been uh in recovery for a long time. I've seen people get sober. I've seen people die. And what I've taken of the many things I've taken from this experience is is a conviction that addiction is very much a spectrum disease. And it's a disease in which we put all this focus on the behavior or the substance. Alcohol, drugs, gambling, sex and love. But these are not the problem. These are the solution to the problem. When you remove alcohol from an alcoholic's life, you're basically forcing that person to break up with their best friend, their reliable coping strategy for life. And what you're left with is a raw nerve of a human being that then has to be healed. And I think we have traditionally thought of addiction in the context of these these behaviors and substances. U but I think that's a very restrictive definition. I think to some degree or another on this spectrum, we can all relate to behaviors that we feel powerless to change or overcome or compulsions we know are leading us astray and yet we keep doing it and doing it despite wreaking havoc on our lives. When you said the word compulsion, like there are these things that you keep doing that you can't stop yourself from doing, it thought it made me think of a number of things, whether it was like the wildly violent and self-destructive behavior when I was in college and law school, undiagnosed trauma, undiagnosed ADHD, didn't even know I had anxiety yet, and I was a liar. I cheated on boyfriends, like just excessive drinking. And I would always wake up the next day and be like, I'm not doing that again. And then I would feel just compelled to do it again. And the trap of that, but I've never I'd never thought about it on the spectrum of the disease of addiction. But you're right, because it became this thing that I kept saying, "I'm not going to do this again." And then I would do it again. And then I would feel so shitty about myself and then I would say I'm not going to do it again. And then I would do it again. >> Yeah. That's powerlessness, right? >> Uh that is a taste of the powerlessness of somebody who's caught in the throws of an addiction they can't control and their life is spiraling, you know, and un and unmanageable. I'm very grateful that I had a pretty severe case of alcoholism because it turned my life into such a chaotic disaster that I was left with no choice if I wanted to live that I was going to have to contend with it and and figure out a way forward. But I think most people on this spectrum, whether it's some kind of errant behavior, like they keep getting involved in the the with the wrong person in a romantic relationship and are confused why it's always ending up in a terrible result or or the person who can't put down their phone or is compulsively online shopping or comparing themselves to, you know, beautiful men and women on social media all the way to the person who can't pull the needle out of their arm. Having a severe case of addiction really is a gift because you you're going to have to face it, right? Whereas if you have a low-grade version of it, you could live out the remainder of your life never getting bad enough that you're compelled to look at it. >> You know, you were saying that it got absolutely disastrous and at the height of your addiction, you write about how your parents stopped talking to you. I would love to just have you explain like what a day in your life looked like and how bad it got because I think when you look at you now and you're like, "Yeah, I got really bad >> and thankful." Like I don't unless you've ever experienced it yourself or you have somebody that you love, it's hard to even imagine what that actually looks like. >> Yeah. I mean, I would say that my drunkalog is not sexy. It's not rock and roll. It's pretty boilerplate and benal. I was sleeping on a bare mattress in an unfernished bedroom, unfernished apartment, uh, drinking round the clock. Like, I would wake up hung over, uh, having hallucinations and bed spins and, you know, like night sweats. And the only way I could make that go away was to make myself a vodka tonic and drink it in the shower in the morning. And then I would feel better. Not like drunk, just normal. Get dressed, get in the car with a tall boy between my legs, and drive across Los Angeles. And I would literally go to work as a lawyer. And then at lunchtime, I would go sneak out to some restaurant or bar where I could like drink get a get a couple more drinks in me to make it through the end of the day. Like, there's no way that was going to last, right? and it didn't last. Uh, and then as soon as I could escape from work, having done the least amount possible, I would stop at a liquor store on the way home and I would get drunk by myself in my apartment and then I would go out to some bar by myself. There was nothing social about it, you know? It was by myself, just sad, lonely, pathetic, and it would always end up the same, which is in a blackout or or in a situation that involved the cops in jail. Like, that's how it ultimately all kind of came to a head for me. >> You had a number of DUIs before you hit rock bottom. Like, what ultimately had you hit that moment in your life where you changed? I got two DUIs in a period of like I think it was like six or eight weeks of each other. Like six or eight weeks, like blowing insanely high numbers. One of which involved me rearending an old woman at an intersection. The second of which involved me driving the wrong way down a one-way street, you know, both ending up in jail and then having those two DUI stacked on top of each other. Um going into court like I was looking at jail time. But that was not my bottom. And I didn't get sober in a sustainable way after that. I had to suffer more and go darker and and that elevator just had to keep going down before I was really ready to wake up, which, you know, is a conversation around rock bottoms and and and what that really means. >> What does a rock bottom moment mean? Your rock bottom is what you decide it to be because if the elevator's going down, there's always there is no ground level. It can always go further down until you're dead. People change when the pain of their circumstances exceeds the fear of finally doing something different. >> So that's how I think about rock bottom. When you're in that space, you're birthed with a willingness that you didn't have prior. >> You know, I I think a lot about a couple people in my life that are really struggling and the one phrase that I say because I know you can't make someone change, I always say, "Do you want to get worse before you get better?" >> But here's the thing. when you're when you're in a shitty headsp space and your life's spiraling out of control. I know for myself when I was in the throws of alcoholism, I'm sure plenty of people said that to me. >> I didn't want to hear it. I'm like, I don't care. Like, go away. when you're so caught up in that cycle of of like craving and reward um and your life is spiraling out of control like until you are in that moment where your your pain is enough to exceed that fear of doing something different. Does that message land with the person? >> Probably not. I'm glad you said that because I want to know what to say. Like I I I I know that it must have been the hardest thing in the world for your parents to stop talking to you. >> The hardest the the most the hardest most painful thing that they had to endure. >> And >> yeah, >> since you've been on this side of it, is there anything anybody can say? >> As you know, you can't get somebody to change who doesn't want to change. You cannot will willingness upon them which is very difficult particularly in the context of like a parent who's watching their child suffer from an addiction. >> The addicted person is powerless over that behavior but also the parents are powerless to change that. every instinct is to rush in and solve the problem to save this person to prevent them from doing this thing that so clearly is wrecking their life. The problem is that instinct doesn't always play out with positive results. So I think what you have to do is love the individual, not love the behavior >> and create boundaries around yourself and that behavior. Like I love you. You're clearly suffering. What you're doing I'm not down with. Here's why. And until you're ready to do something about that, I'm unavailable to you. Which is essentially what my parents said to me. I'm not saying that this is an easy thing to do and I'm not saying that it's an appropriate strategy in all circumstances. I can only say that in my case it was an important piece that led me towards sobriety eventually because I could no longer look to them to solve my problem or to be codependent in my behavior. They were no longer available which meant the mirror flipped and suddenly I had to take responsibility for myself and it was up to me to decide whether I wanted to keep doing this or not. >> Did they leave the door open? >> Yes. When you're ready for help were available and they were they were >> you know you mentioned that your elevator had to go lower. What made you finally turn the corner for yourself? Like what was that moment like? Okay, I have found the willingness for myself. >> Well, the crazy thing is that the day I finally woke up and said, "Okay, today's the day I'm going to treatment and I'm going to get sober." The night before wasn't great. I mean, I definitely woke up hung over, but I got to tell you, I'd had way lower moments, way crazier, chaotic experiences. So, it's not it's not a one:1 ratio kind of thing. like I'd gone to jail and gotten DUIs and I had a marriage that exploded on the honeymoon. I've I've like endured a lot of low moments, but the day I finally woke up and had that willingness was a pretty normal day of waking up hung over. It wasn't drama infused in any way. So that day wasn't my rock bottom. But when I look back, I realize I was in such emotional angst and pain from those other lower moments that it creates a paralysis. Like I I I had to like medicate myself through that >> before I could actually take the action to do something about it. And I think that's also a common thing you were referring to it like when you're when you're in it sometimes it's so intense like you you can't there's you can't summon the will to do anything about it because you're just too deep in it >> and you can't possibly imagine that things could get better. >> No way. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> And so you resign yourself to it. This is my life. This is going to sound like a weird comment, but I feel like that feels very hopeful to me that it doesn't have to be that you have the worst of the worst of the worst as the moment. But there comes a moment where your ability to tolerate it any longer. That the pain of staying where you're at is actually greater than the thing that you need to be willing to do. >> But here's the thing, like pain is this amazing teacher. You know, it can stupid when we say >> I know, but it's it's like it can get you to do things you would never ordinarily do in a good way and in a bad way. >> But the insane thing is that every single moment presents us with the choice or the opportunity to make a different decision and go a different way. It's just that there's something about the way humans are hardwired that it's so difficult unless we're up against the wall to make that behavior shift. So Rich, if somebody is in the middle of supporting somebody who's spiraling, what is based on your experience just the recommendation for how you approach those situations? >> Yeah, it's very difficult again to give like general advice. Yeah. If like somebody is in a life-threatening situation. So I'm reluctant to like give blanket advice on this, but I think in general the message is like I love you. Your life is spiraling out of control. I can no longer stand idly by and just witness this. Um, but if and when you're ready to make a change, I will be the first one here. But in the meantime, like I'm not going to loan you money. I'm not going to, you know, co-sign your Uh, I'm not available for that. Uh, but there is hope. There is help. And I'm here for you 100%. I just want you to know that. I love that. And there's something in saying that that also in a weird way communicates I actually believe in your ability >> to figure this out. >> And that's a key piece as well. I can see the real you beneath all of this. And my wife says this all the time like I'm holding a vision for that. M >> I am I am holding you in that higher space. >> I'm claiming it for you because you can't right now. Uh and I believe in that version of you. Um and I'm not going anywhere. But >> I'm not going to do these things that I historically maybe have done or which you are going to be very upset with me because I'm no longer available for. >> Let's give props to your wife, Julie. Oh, she's the she's the one. >> Well, I just as a parent and as a friend feel like even if you have somebody that's spiraling in self-doubt over something that you know they're capable of. That's a beautiful way to say to somebody, I am holding a vision of who I know you to be and what you're capable of, and I'm not going to participate in a conversation where you're engaging in this much self-criticism and self-doubt. >> It also takes the judgment out of it. >> Yes. >> No one wants to be judged. And when you're in that dark space, you already feel horrible about yourself. The last thing you need is for somebody to come to you and look down at you, right? So when you're when someone comes to you from that compassionate place and says like I love you and I see you and I and I believe in you. I believe in you to find your way. I believe in you to to find your path. >> You know, I know that you're capable of doing that. Like that's that's an incredible like vote of confidence and encouragement in a situation in which almost everybody is going to meet that person with condescension and judgment. If somebody is hanging on every word and they're right in it. >> Yeah. The thing about being in it is is that you can't see the way forward. And somebody can say to you, do this, don't do that, you should read this book, listen to this podcast. Uh but it's very difficult to hear that because at least for me the looping message is you don't understand how unique my problems are. You don't you know like you can't possibly fathom how different I am from you know whatever you're telling me and you create that separation as a level of self-p protection. Um, and I think the advice is you do what you can in the moment you find yourself in. And I think when life has gone haywire, it's impossible to see what it could be like. And and we allow that to prevent us from taking action. Like we want to know like, well, if I do this, where is it going to go and what's it going to get me? and what path am I going to be on? And the truth is, you don't get to see that. All you get to do is that one next thing. And when you're ready, the next thing will be shown to you. And then your job is to do that. These bricks get laid one by one. And I think we think that we're supposed to see cleareyed into the future and where that's going to lead us. But I can tell you like when I landed in, you know, Alcoholics Anonymous, like I couldn't see, you know, outside the window where my life was going to be. It was impossible for me to imagine that I would ever emerge out of this and create a life that would be personally meaningful to me. And the only way I was able to do it is literally by doing the thing that was this close to being in front of me to do and just okay I did that now what do I do I don't know oh I think it would be good if I do okay I'll do that you know taking those actions developing that reflex to act and more will be revealed >> so fast forward you get sober you meet ually, you're in your late30s. You've reinvented yourself, right? You're getting your life back on track and it's the day before you turn 40 and you have another fork in the road. Can you talk to me about what was going on in your life? because you're like I I don't want to brand you as the king of reinvention, but I think one of the reasons why people love you so much is one of the reasons why they also relate to me. It's really cool to see somebody turn their life around a little bit later in life. Mhm. >> It's really cool to see somebody who's in their 40s or 50s changing their career and doing new things and also dominating in the things that you decide to do. And so you get sober, you turn your life around, and now it's your late 30s, but your health is like just horrendous. So talk to me about what's going on. >> Yeah. I mean, it's even more than that. I mean, 31 to get sober. Yep. >> That begins with voluntarily incarcerating myself in what's essentially a mental institution for a 100 days. Like I did well, I went to treatment, you know, so it's like treatment is a very polite word for basically, you know, people who are are, you know, unhinged in in in some kind of unhealthy way, right? >> You're not selling it, Rich. >> Listen, it saved my life. >> Okay. >> But 100 days is a long time to go away for. This was no like 28 day, you know, rinse, rinse and wash, right? Like I I I really had a lot that I had to like get to the bottom of. I emerged from that experience, returned to Los Angeles and immersed myself in the recovery community. My job was to create a solid foundation of sobriety and I was very committed to that. >> I returned to the law firm. >> They took you back, >> supported me while I went away. That's a whole other story. >> And even though I already knew enough at that time to know that I had picked the wrong career for me, >> it felt like the right thing to do to go back and work there at least as long as I had been away. But I will say despite having built this foundation for long-term sobriety, despite this incredible commitment to the steps and the program and this new set of tools that was now, you know, kind of directing my life in a new and amazing way. Truly, Mel, my goal was to repair the wreckage of my past and get right back to where I was, like on that track, that respectable track where I could put on the nice suit and people would respect me and, you know, I could give them the business card that had the whatever on it and I was driving the right car. like I was motivated by those things, but on the inside I was having this percolating existential crisis of of having chosen this career path where I was jamming a square peg into a round hole and and and just feeling increasingly um disconnected from my life in in a in a way that was making me feel depressed and also medicating that sense of emotional disease through food and lifestyle choices. So, just knocking myself out on fast food, what I call the window diet. You know what the window diet is? >> No. >> It's when you drive your car up to a fine dining establishment and roll your window down and or and they hand you food through your window. Like, that was basically my diet. >> That's hard to even wrap your brain around looking at you today. I want to read to you from your mega bestseller, Finding Altra. This is page two. I was a fat, out of shape, and very unhealthy man, h hurtling into middle age, a depressed, self-destructive person, utterly disconnected from who I was and what I wanted to be. To the outside observer, everything appeared to be perfect. It had been more than 8 years since my last drink. And during that time, I'd repaired what was a broken and desperate life, reshaping it into the very model of modern American success. You know what's interesting? You you write further. You're such a unbelievably beautiful writer. So, what was wrong with me? Why did I feel this way? I wasn't just confused. It felt like I was in a freef fall. Yet in that precise moment, this is the day before your 40th birthday, I was overcome with a profound knowledge, not just that I needed to change, but that I was willing to change. Moments like these were not to be squandered. They were to be respected and seized at all costs, for they just didn't come around that often, if ever. And you're talking about this moment where you're literally hauling your 208 lb body up a flight of stairs and you're out of breath. >> Can you put us at that scene? >> Yes. So, it was a moment in time in which this existential crisis that I was having about, you know, what am I doing with my life kind of collided with a health scare. So, I wasn't like morbidly obese, but I was about 50 pounds overweight for my frame, like heavy for my frame. But these two things collided with each other on a late evening when I had arrived home after a very long day at work and was just walking up a simple flight of stairs to my bedroom. And I was seized by this moment halfway up the flight where I had tightness in my chest and I was out of breath. And it was a scary moment >> that made me realize that I was having another like quote unquote like big moment. Like I had made that decision that faithful morning when I woke up and suddenly had the willingness to like get sober and went to that treatment center. And I had such a deep connection with how vast my life had changed as a result of that decision in that one moment. And there's like an emotional feeling that that you know when I think about it that that kind of I can feel inside of me. And so when I was on that staircase, I had the presence of mind somehow to realize like, oh, it's happening again. Like it feels the same as that other moment. And >> because I had that experience of my life changing so drastically as a result of like a single decision basically, I felt like I needed to do it again. And I was like, this is a a brief moment of time, a fleeting moment of time in which willingness has descended upon me. Not only is my life going sideways, suddenly I have this sudden superpower of wanting to do something about it. Yes. That I know is going to evaporate immediately unless I take an action upon it. And I thought, what can I do? like I' I've gone to re I can't go to rehab for this, you know, like but what can I maybe I can create a rehab for my life, a self-designed rehab. And and that's what I did. Like the next day I basically was like, I'm changing my diet. You know, it was sort of I'm I'm I'm prone to extremes and I needed to do something extreme that would feel sort of like what it felt like when I detox from drugs and alcohol. So, I just did it with food because I needed I needed to like have that purge, that suffering to make it seem like it was significant and hard. Like, I needed to do something that was hard. >> You know, I want to ask you because you're so lucky that that happened. And, you know, as I'm listening to you, and I'm sure as you're listening or watching Rich right now, you're reflecting on the fact that you've probably had a thousand moments where you're like, I need to give up vaping. I got to put the phone down. Like I I got to do something about my health. I got to stop spending money. I got to get serious about this thing. I got, you know, where you have that moment that does swell up inside you. And I do think truly that when that happens, there is an earnest desire in that statement when you recognize, okay, how I'm doing life or finances or romance, it's just not working. How is there any insight that you can give us, Rich, about like you had willingness open up? Yeah. >> And then you combined it with like, all right, I'm going in. But but what can we mere mortals like, you know, for the person that's like, "This is resonating. Damn it. When is the lightning striking at the top of the stairs for me and willingness shows up?" Like, is there is there something that you've found? >> First of all, these moments that I've experienced, I think that we're all visited by them. So the first thing is to develop a a presence of mind or or just an awareness >> so that you're attuned to it when they arrive and and and you you make a promise to yourself in advance that next time I feel that like I'm going to take an action on it rather than let it pass. >> I love that. >> Or commiserate. I love that. Because here's the thing >> and I'm sure you will agree Mel. Change is an actionbased affair. You cannot make a change by ruminating in your mind. And I have a a a tool that I think will be helpful for this. And that tool is a phrase. And that phrase is mood follows action. When we are in those moments where we think, "Yeah, I need to stop vaping or I need to stop, you know, going on Tinder or whatever it is." Uh, we let those moments pass without doing anything about it. In truth, it is behavior first, thoughts, feelings, and emotions follow. So, the easiest example is I don't want to go to the gym. I'll go to the gym when I'm motivated, when I feel better, when I'm when I when I feel energetic. But when you go to the gym and you realize you feel energetic afterwards. So instead of waiting for the feeling to inspire the action, take the action and enjoy the feeling as a consequence of having undertaken it. >> I want to make sure that as you're listening or watching that you got the concrete steps that Rich just gave you. So, number one, the next time that I got to quit vaping, I got to stop buying stuff online. I I I got to stop running toward walking red flags when it comes to relationships. That right there is the invitation. That's the moment that you're talking about because you just woke up and you recognized that you have a choice in this matter, that there's some song within you that has yet to be sung. Second thing that you said is you could actually say to yourself the next time I have that thought I am going to take an action. And the third thing that you said that is a tool is one of the cues you could give yourself is mood follows action. So what action am I going to take the next time this thing happens? And that simple little formula, notice, make a promise, and know what the action's going to be. That basically kind of opens up the possibility for the willingness to take the action. >> Yeah, that's an amazing summary. The only addition I would make to that is to layer it with a sense of immediiacy >> because these are sliding door moments. And if you say to yourself, >> "Aha, a moment. I need to act. Okay, tomorrow morning when I wake up, I'm going to do that." You've already lost the plot. >> So, you're at the top of the stairs, dude. You have a moment. You recognize it. Mood follows action. You commit to like, boom, I'm going all in on this. This part of the the story of your life is like a movie, dude. Like, you go all in. What did you do? The first thing that I did was change my relationship with food. Uh, and it didn't happen overnight. Like I did a like a 7-day juice cleanse. Like that was the detox part. Sounds kind of extreme. It >> It was extreme. But I but like interrupts your relationship with food, right? Cuz change my relationship with food sounds like some thing that a 20some influencer would say. >> But I the reason I do that, Mel, is because I know that most people are not like me. Like I have to go all in. I'm extreme. But that doesn't work for a lot of people. But yeah, I, you know, did the juice cleanses and I experimented with all these diets and ultimately found an entirely plant-based diet, 100% plant-based diet to be the thing that worked for me. Like it it it really revitalized me in a in a in a meaningful way. And the byproduct of that is that I suddenly had this resurgence of energy and vitality that I hadn't experienced since I was a teenager because I'd cleaned up my lifestyle habits and my diet. Um, and suddenly had the urge for the very first time in a long time to like exercise and like take care of myself because one act of self-esteem begets another. You know, like self-esteem is a product of performing esteemable acts. not only on behalf of others but on behalf of yourself. And when you do something in the interest of your own self-care, like suddenly that gives birth to an interest in wanting to do more of that. And it's this domino cascade effect that I was starting to experience. And the truth of the matter is that I was able to lose weight very quickly and I was able to uh you know go from somebody who was completely sedentary to quite fit in a short period of time. But the real gift of that was that it was starting to not only connect me to my physical self, but it was giving me a path to recapturing joy. like by thinking about what are the things that really make me happy or made me happy as a kid and it took me all the way back to what was it like when you were underwater and in that pool or you could feel the sun on your shoulders like very basic primal things >> and I just thought I want more of that in my life. I need that in my life. That's what made me happy. >> I'm not as happy as I could be right now. And so I'm just going to I don't care what anyone says or how it interferes with other areas of my life. like I am going to explore that for myself as an act of like self-love honestly. And there's a whole athletic kind of competitive athlete story that that that blossoms from that. But the truth of the matter is that it was never really about that. It's always been this spiritual journey to to, you know, find my authentic voice and to heal that wound in my soul and to fill that unfillable hole with something >> um with something divine uh that would make me feel at ease with myself and in the world. >> That is so beautiful. and the image of finding these just moments of joy, whether it's the sun on your shoulders or what it feels like to be outside moving your body or being back in a pool, something that made you really happy as a child. Like it is so obvious that when you kind of paint the picture that moving toward those things of course would bring something alive. And yet we allow ourselves to be funneled away from them and end up in places where we're needing to distract and numb ourselves because where we've ended up is devoid of those things. >> Yeah. And confused and hypnotized by the shiny object around the bend that's going to solve that for us. When we had the answer all along, which is >> when you reflect back on your happiest moments, you're probably surrounded by people you care about doing something you really enjoy. Yes, most likely outside. You know what I was saying? Well, you know, you not only started running, dude, like I also think your story is so amazing because within 2 years of nearly having like just your chest caving in and you're 50 lbs overweight, you earn a top 10 finish in a 3-day, 320 mile race. And you're doing this in your 40s. And you don't stop from there. You go into ultramarathoning called the fittest man alive. I mean it's rich. It's un I think at some point I held up a cover of you to my poor husband Chris and said could you please look more like this guy? Like this guy looks great in his 40s. What are you doing chump? Like I realized I wasn't really motivating him. >> what I had to do to look that way though is insane. >> I'm sure. I'm sure cuz you're an intense guy. But one of the things that I do find fascinating about you and you have an awardwinning and worldrenowned and wildly popular podcast. It's one of the few podcasts I listen to. I've heard you say not only on your podcast, I've read it in your work that really if you're lost or stuck, simply focusing if you don't know what else to focus on on your own health is the single most effective thing to do. Could you talk more about that? >> Health is the foundation upon which the rest of your life is built. And if your health is not sound, then your mind is not sound. your your your energy system is compromised like everything is downstream of your physical health. And I think >> in our modern fast-paced world where, you know, we none of us have enough time and there's always too much to do and we never, you know, accomplish all the things that we set out to every day. It can feel indulgent or like something only privileged people can do to take care of themselves. But I think that no matter what your lot in life, it's it's absolutely mission critical to care for yourself first. It's that, you know, oxygen mask on you before anyone else because you can't take care of anyone else unless you take care of yourself first. So it isn't a selfish act to do that. I think it's actually the most selfless thing that you can do because your capacity to serve is a function of of you know how well you're living, how well you're taking care of yourself. >> I've also uh loved when you wrote, "I didn't get into ultra endurance sports to win races, beat others, or stand at top a podium. I got into it because it's the perfect template for self-discovery." What did you discover about yourself? What I learned about myself, I think is something that is applicable to everybody, which is how we began this conversation. We are all so much more capable than we allow ourselves to believe. >> When I was 43 years old, I was the top American finisher at this double iron man race, this 3-day, 320 mile circumnavigation of the Big Island of Hawaii. The following year, I did five iron distance triathlons on all five islands of Hawaii consecutively in like a six-day period. Like, I would have never dreamed in a million years that I would have been capable of doing something like that. And I think that whoever you are, you don't have to be an endurance athlete. The point is that when we choose to invest in our in our health and our well-being and we begin to attune ourselves to our own intuition and allow ourselves to be led by it rather than be funneled by social constructs and constraints. We're giving birth to that song, to that voice that can lead us in a direction >> we can't possibly imagine. Because the idea that I'm sitting here today talking to you when I reflect upon where I was not that long ago is shockingly surreal. And it's only because I made a commitment to honor myself in an authentic way. And I followed up that commitment and walked through very difficult times in, you know, where that commitment to myself has been tested. Um, but I've emerged out of it with a message and that message is that it is worth it. And I think that we all have some version of that within ourselves. The point is to figure out what that thing is that gets you out of bed in the morning, that gets you excited. um and to respect it and honor it by nourishing it. >> So, it's not about quitting your job or any of these kinds of things. It's just about like how can you be more of who you actually are? >> Rich, you just talked about being led by intention rather than funneled. And you know, part of your story is really about figuring out how to let purpose and intention and I would even the word that keeps coming up around you and I know you may bristle when I say this, but is joy. Like the thing about there was something that happened for me as your friend when you talked about the light on your shoulders. like you you you said and it like as somebody who knows you the the willingness to suffer. You said a bunch of words at the beginning of our conversation. You kept using the word violent. We're very violent with oursel. The self-abuse, this willingness that you had to just endure pain and suffering. And there's this beauty in the realization of just allowing the sun to hit your shoulders. you know, this willingness >> to allow joy to come into your life >> that it doesn't have to be about suffering and it can be as simple and as easy as as that, >> you know, which is still a lesson I'm trying to learn. >> I think that's why it's coming up for me, >> that that might be something that your next book should be about. Well, I'm in this in this uh yeah, I'm I'm in the middle of writing this book and I'm also in this, you know, period of transition or or dismantling or transformation right now because I just had a major back surgery and it's forcing me to stop and slow down. Um, and that has prevented me from being able to outpace whatever is making me uncomfortable by running away from it and distracting myself in work or whatever. Like, I have to sit with myself in the way that I had to, you know, be on that bike for that many hours and and I'm trying to look at it for the opportunity that it's presenting me. Like, it is a knock from the universe. What is the message that I'm supposed to hear right now? And I think what the message is is that good job with the suffering, dude. It took you pretty far, but now it's not your friend so much. It's getting in the way of what life is really about, which is your connection with other people. There's no amount of external valid. I'm already validated by the public in a way that as you know like the way you it's like I don't deserve this. Like I get it walking down the street in airports and like that like so I'm well aware that like chasing more of it isn't going to you know make me feel any better. You know what I mean? Uh but what happens when you let go of that and you're like, "Okay, dude. I'm now I'm just here." And what the universe is trying to tell me is that there is no race. And disabusing myself of that like paradigm, I think, is the is the is the lesson that I'm trying to learn right now. And I had to have my body flayed open on both sides in order to be ready to hear it. >> Like that like you actually mean that. That's not like a They had to cut you from the front and the back in order to do this kind of spine surgery. >> Yeah, I had spinal fusion surgery 47 days ago. What's interesting about where you're at now, Rich, is that a lot of people would be shocked to know, and a lot of people probably don't know that even as you were starting your podcast and you got your first book deal. And so now you are turning your life in a different direction. You are making things happen. You're starting to follow your purpose. On the outside, it looks like this is a and so again, I'm saying reinvention. Here we go again. >> You are now aligning with purpose and intention. You are trusting and changing and the willingness to change. You are starting a podcast. You're about to write a book. You get an advance. And you're so in trouble financially, you cannot pay to have the garbage picked up. >> And this is so related. How old were you when this was happening? Uh 45 40. Yeah, this was 2012. >> And you've got three kids at this point. >> We have 2012. Oh, no. We have four kids. >> Four kids at this point. You can't pay to have the garbage picked up. You are starting >> You've got an advance on the book. You've got the podcast starting up. This was not the days where everybody has a like you were the OG in podcasting. like how did you navigate that? >> It was a weirdly uh disorienting time. Um because I had gotten a lot of media attention from my endurance feats. >> Uh >> Oh, yeah. Cuz you're winning all these races. >> I wasn't winning, but I was sort of like I was acquitting myself very well, especially as like a man in his mid-40s who was this corporate lawyer who was only eating plants. like at that time that was like people were like couldn't understand that right and so that attracted a bunch of attention um which led to you know a lot of press around it which led to me writing a book that came out and I got an advance for that and the day that the book came out I let my bar membership dues lapse I was officially like cutting myself off from the escape hatch of returning to the law I was like I am doing this I'm all And there was no plan. But there's a line in Finding Ultra, which is when the heart is pure, the universe will conspire to support you. I believe this to be true. This has played out as true in my life. I've seen it played out as true in many other people's lives. But when the book came out and like it did its thing in the wake of doing everything I could to push it out, then I'm like, "Okay, universe. I think my heart's pretty pure, you know. The phone can ring any time, you know, and it was not ringing. I wasn't getting asked to give keynote speeches. I wasn't in high demand for anything. There was no money coming in. I wasn't practicing law anymore. and I had a mortgage and I had four kids and it was very emasculating and I was guiltridden and really, you know, battling with my own shame that I had made this incredible error out of selfishness that would irreparably like harm the people I cared about most. So, it was very confusing and there were days where we like almost didn't have enough money to like put food on the table. And it's hard to even talk about like it's embarrassing Mel because as a guy who has this, you know, worldass education and resources and and the like, like, how come I can't figure this out? Like, what am I doing wrong? Like, am I in I literally thought I was insane. I thought, who do you think you are? Like, go back and be a worker among workers. Get over yourself. Get a law firm job. Like, you have mouths to feed. Young people, you've got to like do the right thing here. And in those moments of doubt and fear when, yeah, we didn't have the 80 bucks to pay, you know, waste removal and they took our bins away. So we would have to put the garbage in our beat up minivan and drive it to some dumpster behind a grocery store. Like our washer and dryer broke, so we were, you know, the, you know, we would go to the laundromat. It was, it was, it was really, it was it was it was difficult. Um, and I wouldn't have made it except for the support of Julie who who who was able to see the more fully actualized version of myself when I couldn't. >> She was able with great strength in the face of criticism and judgment by all kinds of people to hold that vision. And I would come to her and say like I I I can't do it anymore. And she's like, "The only the only way through this is forward. We're not going back. You've come too far. I know that you're on the right track. I can see it in you and there is something here and we have to follow it through." And I don't know anyone else who would have done that. And another thing that she said to me then that I think is really powerful is, you know, when you're up against it financially, like there's a clarity like it really forces you to confront your attachment to the material world as it's being pulled out from underneath you. >> Um, and she would say like just because they're taking these things away doesn't mean that they're entitled to rob me of my humanity. like that that's that's mine, you know, and so they don't get that piece. And so she was able to engage with all of this with an incredible degree of equinimity. There was a time when we were having a car repossessed. We knew it was going to get repossessed. I hadn't paid the lease on it. I don't know how long. So, the repo guy comes, shows up in the in the in the in the front yard, and uh Julie goes out to greet him, and you know, they they stiffen up like, "Okay, here it comes." And she goes, "Hey, how's it going?" Like, "What's your name?" You know, and uh you're here for the car, right? He's like, "Yep." She's like, "Cool. Like, are do you need to use the bathroom? Do you want anything to drink? Are you hungry? Come on in." and like just like greeted him with like compassion and this welcoming energy and then she goes, "Okay." And like she gets the keys or whatever and and just says, "Here you go." Like, "I hope you have a great day." Like, and the guy was baffled, right? This is not the normal experience that someone like this is having in their in their job. And she's like, "Yeah, like he doesn't get to he doesn't get to determine my dignity. he doesn't get that piece. And I think there's so much power in that. And we give these abstract externalities, our credit score, our our credit card balance, you know, our bank accounts, our our our mortgages and our IRA and all these things. Such an out outweighed like value in terms of how we think about ourselves and and value who we really are. And for her to model that, I think was incredibly inspirational and and gave me like the strength that I needed to like continue on this path. >> Well, it's a very powerful and tangible story that illustrates that the outside world and all the stuff doesn't define your worth or your humanity, how you >> unless you allow it to. >> Correct. But when you get when you take ownership of it and you operate with a level of dignity and selfworth even under really difficult circumstances like that >> you stay in control of it >> right >> really powerful >> and that's that's empowering like you do have agency over how you comport yourself in those situations. >> Wow. You've talked a lot about sort of these moments where the desire to change meets a moment of willingness. And what I'm going to say is that the fact that you are listening and that you're watching and you've listened and watched all the way to this point to me is evidence of a desire to change. And I personally think that if you are really willing to accept the gift that Rich has shown up and given you, that could be that willingness that has hit you multiple times in your life, Rich. That there's clearly a desire if you've listened this long. And I do believe that there's a reason why you've listened this long or that you've watched this long. And I I'm going to say you're the manifestation of that willingness that you've been hoping would appear and now it's here. And it's about the action that you take next in that willingness. So based on everything that you've poured into us and shared, Rich, if the person were to just do one thing, what would the one thing after spending all this time with us be that you would recommend as most important? >> First of all, make a decision to consider this a line in the sand moment. like you are being visited with uh a moment in time in which willingness has brought you this far into the conversation. So the one thing that you can do is identify that single contrary action that you can take the thing that you have promised yourself a thousand times that that you were going to do or one day you were going to do and it can be very small. It only has to be in opposition to the way you have always done that thing that is making you unhappy or leading your life in a negative direction. Because even the most unbelievable personal transformations are a function of tiny actions just like that repeated relentlessly and consistently consistently over a sustained period of time. >> Rich Roll, what are your parting words? I guess my parting words would be no matter the circumstances of your life, whatever is holding you back or keeping you stuck can be overcome and that you deserve to be liberated from the things that are hijacking your life and that a life that is joyous, happy, and free and infused with love, meaning, purpose, satisfaction is not only possible but available to you if you're willing to take actions to work towards it. >> Rich, I am so glad the sun has hit your shoulders and that you have landed in Boston here with us. I love you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for being here. >> I love you back. This has been great. It's a real honor to be here and uh I just love celebrating your full expression and as you said at the outset we've known each other for a long time and so I've had the privilege of seeing uh your trajectory in you know the ups and the downs and the struggles and the depth with which you are able to connect with other human beings in a meaningful way to move them in in a positive direction is is truly inspiring. Like you're a gift. Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you for telling me that. I can hear it. And I just want to say I love you, too. I love you for finding the time to listen to something that could help you create a different version of who you are at whatever age you are, wherever you are in your life right now. There is no doubt that based on what Rich shared with you today that you now have the tools and the steps that you can take and hopefully the willingness to accept the gift of this moment and take the action that turns your life in a new direction. And I really hope you do. All righty. I'll see you in the very next episode. I'll be waiting to welcome you in the moment you hit play. I'll see you there. And I also want to thank you for watching all the way to the end. Thank you for sharing this with the people in your life that you care about. Thank you for hitting subscribe because I know you're the kind of person that supports people that support you. So, thank you for doing that to support me and the team. It helps us bring you amazing conversations like this one with Rich Roll. I know you're thinking, "All right, give me the next video, Mel. What should I watch next?" You are going to love this one next, and I'm going to be there to welcome you in the moment you hit play. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @richroll [975 likes]: You're the best Mel—thank you so much for having me and creating the space to go places I usually don't. As for those who feel stuck or behind, my hope is that you will find this conversation useful. And if you or someone you love is in the throes of addiction, there is always hope—and help available. Much love everyone and thanks for giving this a watch!
  2. @LibraSociety1 [11 likes]: 36 year old male here — had my last drink 2 days ago because I feel I’ve hit rock bottom. For the past 2 years I’ve slowly sunk into this place of isolation & loneliness. The past 6 months (actively drinking) have been complete hell & just stuck in anxiety & survival mode. barely hanging on to hope. These podcasts SAVE LIVES because I truly think I wouldn’t have the strength to continue on anymore. It’s only up from here because there is no more bottom. THANK YOU Mel, for having these extraordinary guests on your show. And giving them a platform to share their brilliant experiences and knowledge on how to become the best version of yourself — you are truly a positive force we need in this world. 

Thank you :)
  3. @shirleyzelenski: Wow that not only helped me with what i am struggling with right now but kind of put the bow on my understanding of a previous relationship with an addict
  4. @MonicaGonzalez-fu7oz: Thank you , thank you , thank you , For your love and conproise.😊
  5. @MattGilbert-j6m: I'm 53. 
I was one of those "gifted kids". Tested high when young, excelled academically, did well in sports (competitive swimmer like Rich, I looked like him at that age except I hated swimming with a passion), musical (which I loved). 
17:53 that was my routine in my teens!


Dropped out 2nd year uni. Went wild, stayed wild. Similar story to Rich. I took to drink and it was instantly my best companion. 

I took it so much further.

I was a heroin addict for years. That's a long story.

Ended up half-blind (I've lost vision in my right, left is going as well), heart failing, bad teeth, no money, no family, no friends, in debt, and a few bucks away from the street at any given moment. 

I'm not using anymore. But wtf do I do with that mess? How do you recover mentally from all that?

When he says "there is hope" I simply don't believe him. 

At all.

Sometimes it is too late.

Here's what you can say to someone caught in the grip of an addiction:
"If you decide you want to change and want to reach out, I'll be here for you"

Leave the door open. Nobody ever did that for me.
  6. @user-fd7gy9zh8x: Race to where?
  7. @sylviaunleashed1615: OMG this episode has given me life, in a lot of ways. I follow you Mel and Rich too. I can not tell you how refreshing it is to hear the transparency, the authenticity of the message. I’m always afraid to share things, but this was amazing !!! Thank you.
  8. @zippsie: Im just tired of being tired. Why cant someone go through all the craziness for me then put me at the end of it, where there's just success and happiness 😢
  9. @Bidenomics2024: Am I getting rich roll'd?
  10. @NerdNerfer: The “knock” is best described through “Cycle of change” wheels. Look it up, you’ll be glad you did. Was very pivotal in realizing I wasn’t just failing repeatedly.
  11. @AlenkaDobrovolna: I know I've been living under a rock but I always thought Mel and Rich were a married couple 👀👀👀 🙈
  12. @lisamuller6289: Mel stop interrupting your guest please
  13. @amymckay2431: I love him.  I can relate to so much of the emotion
  14. @dianagonta5425: Unbelievable
  15. @agbiashe: 10:23 this hit me personally
  16. @angelicamontiesto2369: Loved it, when the heart is pure the universe will conspire to support you! :)
  17. @bridgethenurse: I think his wife should write a book!
  18. @sheilafrenette326: what happens when your about to turn 60 and found out two years ago you have leukemia and your world crashes and every part of your life has changed.  I realized and feel still to this day that I want more out of my life but just not sure just how to get that now??? I want to travel my soul seriously just want to go to places and see the world that I have been missing I cant describe it how much I need to do this and want this right now.
  19. @RiseandRefine93: Define clear goals: Always start with a specific purpose to stay on track.

Persistence is key: Success doesn't happen overnight; it requires steady effort.

Optimize resources: Know how to effectively use what you have instead of waiting for perfect conditions.

Learn from failure: View every mistake as a valuable lesson for improvement.

Focus on core values: Don't let yourself get distracted by minor external factors.

Self-discipline: Maintain good habits and a serious work schedule.

Adapt to change: Flexibly adjust your methods when circumstances shift.

Positive thinking: Keep an optimistic spirit to overcome difficult periods.

Listen to feedback: Take in constructive input to refine yourself and your work.

Take immediate action: Don't procrastinate; starting now is the most important step toward results.
  20. @iansealy6512: Boring

- SELF CARE IS A PART OF HEALTH, WEALTH, & GROWTH: Kind: captions Language: en we work that hard we need to play hard too we need to enjoy every aspect of our lives right because we've got to rejuvenate in order to really truly enjoy ourselves and and give to our clients we have to and we have to rejuvenate ourselves [Music] hey how are you guys this is ilika um if you don't know me i'm gonna quickly introduce myself so i'm a mom of four who lost 120 pounds your ketogenic diet exercise and mindset changes and i've helped thousands of women do the same thing you can always reach me um and get my free uh my free ebook on how to successfully lose weight um the websites below but it's lifehelpnow.com all right and then i decided to build a business where i am helping health and fitness coaches build their businesses and their brands because what i found is that there's so many coaches out there that um haven't been able to build the business they're amazing at what they do but and and how can help people really transform but have struggled with looking with figuring out how to get more clients and really grow this business so that's what i help people do now right and you can always i always have freebies and also i have a free training right now going on as well so go to my website ilikafillet.com and you can always get more information on that right so this video is about kabul um so you know i'm a mama for and married and all that stuff right so they didn't come this was a girls trip it was me my mom and my sisters and we lived it up in kabul right we had so much fun and it was so needed because we're all like professionals and we're doing all kinds of stuff we're all so busy i'll just say that we're all so busy and so being busy we don't always get time to get out there and vacation and then also we were all cooped up during corona so we wanted to get out there and have a ball and that's exactly what we did and so it's so funny so as i was out there i was just thinking i was just so thankful and just feeling so blessed to not only be with my family and them having a great time and seeing my mom enjoy yourself so much but also i felt so blessed to be able to uh take trips like this right i started thinking like you know i'm a coach i'm an entrepreneur and many entrepreneurs struggle with their with their income and you know and having that consistent income and things like that and i've been able to do that so i'm so thankful and so i that's one of the things i tell my students i'm like we're building this business right i'm showing them how to build their business so they can live their lives because we don't we don't live to work right like we love what we do and it's amazing living your purpose and living your passion but we still need to live and have fun and and have the income to do it right so that is what i showed people to do so kabul was amazing one of the things i said in kabul was kyle wouldn't owe me a thing because we had a ball i was swimming every day i didn't do an official workout but i worked out in the pool every day because you know me i did not eat keto at all but i was definitely getting a workout and we were walking moving around all the time we barely sat down but that's the type of fun i like to have right and we took a lot of pictures we met a lot of people and it just felt so free so i can't wait to show you guys this trip to cabo i hope you enjoy this video and i will see you guys later just landed in houston on our way to kabul i'm so excited finally getting out now we're just waiting for one more sister to get here and our ladies trip begins oh man we need to get on that yacht right there look at that oh this is so pretty right we're going in my sister always has a special surprise for everybody so we're going to see what it is i'm excited she's got him in here okay the air yeah so what is ladies weekend chips and a cup with my name girls trip cabo 2021 and of course tito ooh is that hand sanitizer that sprays yes ooh knows me wow is this pedialyte yes but when we drink a little too much in a leave just in case got my jalapeno margarita lego strawberry crumble oh it's good yeah i love heading these the pool i know it's a video yes i'm always videoing you ready mom [Applause] oh man finally on the beach and so they just gave us a thing of fruit that we can have before going northland now we're about to hop in the water and make it and now we're heading to another snorkeling stop and then i think it's lunch all right now we're having lunch all right now we are on the beach expert in the bay again all right time to get off the boat we had a ball enjoyed everyone i don't like you guys all right so we are at the spa we decided to get massages and we're going to the steam room and just just self-care right just taking care of ourselves relaxing um on the last day of our ladies trip i'm so excited we were having some time this is so pretty right here i'm not even sure what it is let me turn the camera around that massage was amazing i was not expecting that level of massage here at um at the resort in mexico um i've had massages at so many resorts that i've gone to and just a mediocre but that one like i want to come here on a regular basis to get that massage this woman just really worked out the knots my back because you know when you work out and stuff like that right you you get all these kind of extra knots in your shoulders and your back and she worked through them she was on my um quads working through all the pressure there because i've been doing a lot of leg work lately because i'm really trying to get my legs together um it's funny just kind of a little bit my story of my story right i lost the weight and i was able to tone up top but my legs have never been like the level of tone that i want them to be right so i've been working a lot on my legs lately and she just into my i've been you know a lot of soreness in my quads and my hamstrings and she worked through that like i want to take her home i want her to be in my personal masseuse it was amazing but anyways i'm in the sauna now that um my family decided to go uh back to the pool i was like i'm gonna take 10 minutes in the sauna because the heat it helps so much with my joints and everything and i've been doing a lot of like pull exercises this week which is great on the joints but still you know giving some extra like soreness in the quads and the hamstrings and things like that so this is really helpful i feel so good okay i just had the world's best sauna what is it steam room experience i'm in the sauna for like five minutes and then the woman comes in she's like oh let me give you a cold water and a cool towel around your neck and so i'm like okay cool cool then after the next five minutes she's like okay let's head to the steam room we head through i take a shower on the way there's like a walk through to take a shower and then i'm on to the steam room and so after five minutes in the steam room she's like oh let me bring you um she comes in with another water and she's like here a towel here lay down and she puts a cool towel over my face and then rubs my shoulders again and then she's like all right another five or ten minutes how much do you want and i was like i'll take ten laid down enjoy myself for ten minutes and now the jacuzzi so i was like i can get back into the pool later but i'm gonna do all this stuff now because like i always say self-care is important so i'm gonna treat myself no kids right i'm here for a ladies trip i'm gonna enjoy every second my family's in the pool though so i'm in the jacuzzi i'm drinking my um chlorophyll and water next like i feel so fancy right now i can't even tell you anything it's ridiculous i feel so fancy right now and so relaxed like after this i will go back to the pool and get a few more drinks this is just you know water but i will be getting some like tasty you know you know island drinks hey all right so we are saying goodbye to cabo here at breathless in kabul and saying goodbye to this amazing view behind me oh my goodness so i'm so glad we came so glad to enjoy um such a wonderful vacation and then like like i was telling my um my clients earlier right um because remember i coach uh health and fitness coaches and so i was telling them i'm like when you work hard we do a lot right we're helping so many people you know see success on their weight loss journey the health and fitness journey on their health overall right on their confidence on their mindset all the things and so when we're doing that it is a lot of work it is it is like it's serious work it means a lot but it's a lot that we're doing right and so when we work that hard we need to play hard too you can enjoy every aspect of our lives right because we've got to clients we have to and we have to rejuvenate ourselves right we have to pick ourselves back up we have to have these times so that we know that we're working to help people be better and help people live their best lives we also got to live our best lives too so when you do these vacations you want to enjoy yourself fully right i'm always like spare no expense at least if you can't right and when i say that when you've built your business to the point where you can truly truly um enjoy the fruits of your labor right then you're able to do what you want to do what you need to do so you've got it so it comes down to building up that business right building your brand building your audience turning that audience into clients and just growing that thing so that you can help so many more people and you can live your best life as well all right so that's something that resonates with you if that's something that you're looking to do definitely send me a message send me a dm either on instagram at keto mommy makeover or send me an email at ilikapalet gmail.com and you can also go to ilikaflet.com i've got tons of resources there that you can download and really get going on your business um if you're looking to launch this business or you're looking to really grow yours right one that you've already launched definitely go to my website and send me a dm and let's talk about how to really roast it i also have some free um some freebies in there and i've got some um some different free trainings that i've given let's make this happen i built my business to over six figures and i want you guys to the same all right i will talk to you all soon take care all right heading out this is it we are on our way home such a fun church though we had a ball all right cabo don't owe me nothing doesn't owe me a thing we have had an absolute ball um we have had so much fun on the beach in the water just really doing it up so the way i see it now on me i'm good all right so vacation's over i've got my lunch and my starbucks that i'm having on the trip so we had a wonderful trip clearly this was not a keto vacation and i always tell folks that when you're on your trip right when you're having a vacation you can choose to you know this lifestyle is your own right so you can choose to stay keto and be really strict and on it on vacation or you can choose to take a break but i always say make sure it's a scheduled break because during that break now you can get to do some different things right so during that keto break you can um you planned it before you got there and then when you get there you're you know you're you're having some things you haven't had in a while but you want to make sure that you're not going overboard and acting a darn fool right um because you will pick up some pounds during that but it's mostly gonna be water weight and when you get back you'll drop it right but we had an awesome time love that i got to spend time with my family i love that you know being in the field that i'm in allows me to take trips like this um on my own schedule and spend the time with my family have these ladies trips but also there's gonna be trips where i take my entire family my you know my all my kids and my husband we go out on these trips because we can do that and that's why i feel this is what i have and it's so important right to build a business where you can still live your life and still do what you love okay so what did you think of the trip to kabul right i hope you enjoyed this video and definitely like i always say definitely reach out to me um if you're really looking to grow your health and wellness because you've got a passion for it you've seen a transformation you want to help others go to ilikafelet.com i've got some freebies on there they're going to help you take it to the next level and then also um if you're still looking to you know make some changes on your health and fitness journey right you're excited you saw this trip to cobble and you're like okay i want to go i need to do it up eileeka did not eat keto so that means that sometimes she doesn't you know it is you know you can still live a life right and you don't i i always say i'm 80 20 keto i'm eight i'm keto most of the time when i'm vacationing i'm usually not keto right and so i was not keto in kabul but anyways if you're looking to transform yourself from a health and fitness standpoint you can always go to lifehealthnow.com and i'm going to give you my free weight loss success tips right so go ahead there and be sure to keep following i got more videos coming i love showing you guys what we're doing and i love um just connecting with you guys so you can always follow me on instagram uh facebook and i'm also on clubhouse quite a bit so go ahead and follow me there too i've got a great club called fit boss builders on there and also a great facebook group called fit boss builders so i will see you guys let's connect in so many spaces that we can all grow together all right i'll talk to you soon take care don't forget to subscribe be sure to watch my next video all right so i enjoyed this trip hope you enjoyed the video i'll talk to you guys soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @karenjohnson9240: Ileka! I only no one other person with your name. & we went to job corps together in scarolina.
  2. @francinacolley2689: Looks amazing!! You deserved it!!

- The psychological weight loss strategy | Laurie Coots: Kind: captions Language: en so that was me in 2006 I weighed over 300 pounds I had triglycerides of 500 and I had just been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes Now type 2 diabetes is when your body doesn't use insulin properly and I like to imagine it as this sugar sludge going through my bloodstream to the soundtrack of Jaws like 29 million other Americans I was sent home with a diet a prescription and a little booklet about my disease and as I dug into it I learned a dirty little truth two actually the first says in America If you're diagnosed with type 2 diabetes you carry the same health risk as somebody who's already had one heart attack second the object of the game unlike cancer or anything else is to manage your diabetes not cure you so your doctors will work very very hard to try to prevent complications that might ruin the quality of your life or kill you so I knew that this was not going to work for me I was a hard charging type A Global Executive and managing my diabetes was not going to be an option so I Enlisted the help of the people at Canyon Ranch in the medical Department there who I knew were a little bit more ambitious and here's what we learned on a lesson on a journey that actually took us 5 years I learned that even though I was 300 lbs and had type 2 diabetes my body was absolutely perfect the way it was for the way I was feeding it the way I was moving it and the way I was resting it quite frankly if I wanted a different body or I wanted different health I had to change the equation somehow the second thing I learned was that if I imagined my future healthy self and started Living that life now what kinds of foods I would eat how many calories I would need to maintain a healthy weight for a lifetime that would be the way I would achieve my goal I had to come up with strategies that I could live with for two days two weeks 2 months 2 years now when you do this and you live this way and interesting things happens like magic you wake up two years later and you're almost at your goal I learned that I had to keep track of everything so I used iPhone apps like lose it and I use my UP band to track how much sleep I was getting and how much exercise I was getting along the way and this really helped me to keep the game kind of rational instead of emotional the way it can get this was a big war I had to break this down to the smallest battle I could win every day because I have a short attention span I had to take it down to the cellular level what would make my cells happier and healthier every single day and with every drop of glucose or every drop of blood I fed into my glucose meter I could tell immediately if I was moving in the right direction I became my own science experiment and I learned a lot for example when I didn't sleep or I jumped time zones or took a red eye my blood sugar was 20 points higher the next day and I craved carbohydrates well I didn't need to eat what I needed was a nap portions were always my biggest downfall I come from the land of all you can eat shrimp and endless platters of pasta when somebody showed me what a real single portion of something was it was a huge disconnect for me so I needed to really figure out how to do that I started eating with smaller plates eating with chopsticks to eat more slowly and I promised myself I could have anything I wanted as long as I ate it with a knife and a fork trust me it feels ridiculous to eat a Snickers bar like this but it helped me be more conscious of what I was eating I learned to be in perpetual motion all all day every day looking for ways to move and to fidget because fidgeting can burn 200 300 calories a day I counted steps I got a standing desk and I learned that my one hour of walking every day was as good for my head as it was for my body and finally Life's too short to live without ice cream when I was first diagnosed I made a list of all my favorite foods and I went and did a glycemic a personal glycemic index with my glucose meter of each one then I went back to each food and I tweaked it adding a little fat removing a little sugar until everything fit in my plan and now I plan for a perfect scoop of premium ice cream every day what I learned is that given half a shot your body will recover it's an amazing adaptive machine self-healing mine did I lost over 110 lb I now have a perfect lipid profile I have had a healthy normal blood sugar without medication for more than 5 years I am no longer a type 2 diabetic so thank you very much so if any of you have a health issue that you need to deal with or a life change you need to deal with I urge you to imagine your Healthy Future Self and start living that life now break your journey down into little battles you can win become your own science experiment and come up with strategies that will last for two days or two years and most of all you need to start eating like your life depends on it because it does thank you [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SniqWellz: Slim in Hours, 🤜🏽🤛🏽cut a lemonade, and eat its juice just like you would enjoy an orange, eat it in a slightly or typically hungry state, then have a meal after thirty minutes, within the next day, try on your tightest fitting cloth and youll notice an instant difference, then do this for 3 days more, it will shrik your whole body weight from head to toe. its a slim method🏆 if you reach the slimness you want in less than a week, stop taking the recipe and avoid sugar meals
  2. @reginanunley2099: We know so much more now…thankfully
  3. @katiebonsack8913: Me i get on something like a diet,  i lose 10 or 15 lbs, then i give up.  I want and want but its easier to procrastinate than it is to just do it. Then i would give in to the regression. I feel like a failure the older i get when i don't change or discipline myself
  4. @hayasocial: I bet she has th le money for therapy and a trainer.
  5. @wallacemusic160: That jaws joke did not land 😂😂. I thought it was pretty good though .
  6. @キクチトシユキ-v2f: I usually don’t trust recommendations, but here we are
  7. @JaKenaB101: Short summary: move more, eat slowly,  try to only eat with a knife and fork.  Fidgeting can burn 200-300 cals a day. Get some sleep and walk or exercise for at least an hr a day.
  8. @VitanexoHealth: Umm it's totally enough for beginners ❤
  9. @puggy454: aww, I felt bad that no one laughed at her jaws line
  10. @XaumiIslamic: Simple and effective explanation.
  11. @MichaelaNicholson-t2m: I appreciate the positivity.
  12. @LisaBabcock-k3r: This deserves more subscribers.
  13. @DuskksgsGakanava: Love the way you explained it.
  14. @PeplansHaoakha: Such a great presentation.
  15. @DhabiMany: Your delivery is excellent.
  16. @SudburyAkshay: This video was really enjoyable.
  17. @Deborah-k4c7t: Such a great video to watch.
  18. @Uhfyuhdd: Very high quality explanation.
  19. @mainemoja5132: This was a masterpiece.
  20. @АндрейПанасюк-б5о: That was quick and effective.

- Build Wealth Without a Budget: The Do Both Method for Moms: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the Free the Moms podcast where I do what I want when I want. Like, I'm not going to record intros anymore because you know what? It just takes me too long. So, you guys are going to be so excited for this episode. We have my friend Germaine Foley here. She's going to talk all about money and the traps that we fall into as women, as moms. And I'm so excited because I I honestly feel like the money traps are there's many of them. And I know I kept myself caged for so long and I wasn't living as abundantly as possible. So, I was so excited to bring her on because there's so much freedom available when it comes to abundance and wealth and our relationship with money. So, you guys are going to be obsessed with this podcast episode. I also really think that we aren't taught we aren't taught how to be with money and Germaine's going to teach us all of those things. But before we dive in, I want to make sure that you guys are in the free the moms membership. This is our new membership that we are launching that is free the moms from all of the things. So, diet drama, people pleasing, mom guilt, get in there. Go to lurconley.com/freetheoms if you want to get in. We're starting October 6th. And what are we going to do? We are going to free you from all of the traps of your life so that you can feel excited to take on your day so that you can feel fulfilled when your head hits the pillow at night. This is the membership unlike anything else out there. We're going to be meeting every single day for 15 minutes either on demand or live. And it's also that when you're 93 years old, you can look back on your life and be like, "Wow, I did it. That was amazing. I lived my life on my terms." You guys know that is the number one regret of people on their deathbeds is living life on other people's terms. This is the answer to that. I want you looking back feeling so much gratitude, so much peace, like, oh, I squeezed every last juicy bit of juice out of life. And the reason you will have done that was because you got intentional with your day. You spent 15 minutes getting intentional with me or or one of my coaches because our mornings make our days make our whole lives. So, get your spot. There are limited spots because we want to keep this intimate as we grow. So, laurconley.com/bretheoms, we start October 6. You have to be in before then. I will see you there. I love you guys so much and I this has been something that I like had to birth and I kept not doing it because I kept following a rule book and then I threw the rule book out and I said, you know what, we're doing things this way. That was another trap that I found myself in. So, that is what I want to gift you guys with. Get your mornings back. so your day stops hijacking your emotional well-being, your whole life. Okay, so without further ado, let's welcome Germaine. I'm so excited you're here, Germaine. Germaine, give us the intro. Who are you? What do you do? Why'd you get into it? And LFG, Germaine, I'm so happy you're here. >> Thank you, Laura. I'm so happy to be here. Okay, so my name is Germaine Foley and my money used to be a hot mess and now it's not. And I helped a lot of women who were just like I was doing well in their businesses, making good money in their careers, but yet I just wasn't building wealth. And so once I figured it out, I knew I had to help all the other women and moms do the same thing. But listen, here's the catch. We do it without going on strict budgets. We do not believe in those in my camp because I don't think they work. I think they're restrictive and they cause burnout and they're unsustainable. So that's who I am. >> Sounds like a little bit like my method which we were talking about on your podcast, right? Like it doesn't work over restriction. You will throw in the towel. It doesn't work when it comes to weight loss and it doesn't work when it comes to our money habits. H that's so cool. So good. Yes. And I want to say that is episode 143 of the Becoming the Wealthy You podcast. If you want to hear me and Laura talk about how we have so many synergies, that's the podcast and that's the episode number. >> Oh, that's so good. I love that. Okay, so you shared that you once had over 200k in debt and still found a way to build wealth without extreme deprivation. What were the first invisible bars you noticed in your own money cage? >> Yes. Okay. So, the aha moment for me, and I think your audience members are going to be able to relate to this, was when I had two kids in daycare, and my daycare bill and my mortgage bill were the exact. They were the exact. And that's when I knew that the lifestyle my husband and I were living had to change because we were making good money and we thought, you know, things like we'll just make more, we'll figure it out, we're having fun. When I guess reality hit, when those two big payments I was paying every single month just kept weighing on me, that's when I knew I had to change because the money was coming in but it was going right back out and it was causing so much stress and anxiety. I can relate to that. Oh my god. And my husband finally he put his foot down. Well, we both put our feet down cuz we had to. We were like, so like the make more money strategy like it can work for a little while and then it doesn't work and you have to like you got to get a grip. You got to like it's the same as our health and our weight. It has to be a practice. It has to be something that you pay careful loving attention to. >> My gosh. Yes. Because making more money is typically never the answer to building wealth. Now, if you're like not making money and you're, you know, your income really is an issue, that's another story. But for the women I work with, that is not their issue. When you look at their check stubs or their W2s, if you looked at how much money they made for the year, you're just like, "Oh my gosh." They're like, "Where did it all go?" Like, "I'm making so much, but where is it going?" >> That actually happened to us like several years ago. We were meeting with our wealth people and they were like, "This the math is not mathing. Where is it going?" And I'm like, "Ouch, don't call. I I still don't want to go on all these vacations. Leave me alone." And I'm like, "Stop it. I still want to buy my handbags and my lattes." And it's funny you say that because of course when you're stressed about something, what do you do? You go to Google and you start googling like how to do this, how to get out of debt, how to save, how to invest. And there were two different pathways that came up. One was like, "Stop buying your lattes, eat rice and beans, no more vacations, no more restaurants." And that honestly just made my skin crawl and it made me want to just keep avoiding. But then there were other ways that seemed a little bit more like quick fix. So I explored some of those. Those didn't work. And then I was like, "Okay, fine. I'll do it the way all of the gurus say I have to do it." So I took that plan to my husband, you know. I was like, "Listen, no more shopping. We're taking the kids. Oh my gosh. They say, "Stop buying lattes." >> Yeah. >> Then you'll be rich. >> Stop going to restaurants. Then you'll be wealthy. No more vacations. Wait until you're 60 until you're retired to enjoy life. They literally say things like that. And that's a trap. That is a trap for life. That's a cage. >> And most women don't want to do it, so they do nothing. and they waste years and years of wealth building opportunity because time is huge when it comes to building wealth because of compounding interest. >> Yes. Exactly. >> But I just have to make the connection between it's again it's the same as weight loss. It's like the only solution we think is to do this extreme keto diet and then that's too much. It's too restrictive. So we can't do it. So what do we do? We throw in the towel. We do nothing. And then 30 years down the line, not only have we not been, you know, going down the water slide with our kids, but we also don't have the health that we could have built 30 years ago. It's oh my god, I'm like obsessed with us as like >> so good >> as like that like the analogies are just so clear. Sorry, keep talking. >> No, it's true. And I think the issue that for me is like there's so many statistics that show that women live longer than men yet we are retiring with less money. And it's because of this. It's because we're preached to that we can't, you know, do it in a way that's sustainable. I have this method. It's called the do both method, which means you build wealth and enjoy life at the same time. It's actually a mindset and a method where you have to let go of this idea that the only way to do it is through deprivation, restriction because it's unsustainable. And even if you try it, you're going to nine times out of ten burn out because we have a very limited amount of willpower. And then you'll roll your hands up just like you said and be like, see, it doesn't work. I'm just bad with money. This is just my life. >> Yeah. And that's the same with me. I was like, I don't want to give up my wine. I don't want to give up my creme brulee. Like I, you know, I got a little aggressive and I'm like, there has to be a way that we can do both. And I love that you are teaching women how to do this with money because I feel the same way. I'm sorry. I I mean I just shared on the podcast two episodes ago. Um my mom actually tried to take her own life a year ago which was just devastating and heartbreaking and we're still very much in it. Um but unfortunately my parents lived out the American dream playbook. My dad retired when he was 65, you know, and did like he did it right. He worked his booty off, 60 hour work weeks every week for, you know, 45 years. And then they were going to go live this beautiful dream, right? They were going to go on the amazing like around the world African safaris, like Alaska glacier tours, blah blah blah, all the things. And they can't do it because my mom's mental health is in the way. And this is not to blame my mom at all, but it's just to say that it is like very important to me now to make sure that that lesson has been fully learned. There is no way I am waiting until I'm 65. So like we are taking the vacations even though it's inconvenient. We're taking the vacations even though like the some of our wealth adviserss are like no and we're not going to be irresponsible about it. we're going to also, you know, make sure we've got the X percent in our, you know, for my husband's 401k or whatever the thing is. But I just call that out because that is a playbook that we've all been given, right? Like work, work, work, work, work, and then you get to spend. And it's like what if that doesn't work out for you? Like what if your spouse is really, really sick and you have to take care of her or you want to take care of her, I should say. So I just want to like highlight that I I the episode I titled it a cautionary tale and the cautionary tale was like take care of yourself when you are moming because if you don't you could be left with despair but also the cautionary tale is to your point is to live to do both to live your life now and to also make sure you're being smart about building wealth. So, I hate to interrupt you, but I also just want to make that point very clear that it's no there's no guarantee. We all we all hear this. It's very cliche, but I'm really taking my parents lesson to heart in my own life. And so, you know, my husband, my husband and I are going to, you know, Italy on some like fancy bike wine trip, you know, so both. And in both >> and in both. And I really want to say I'm sorry to hear about your mom and I hope >> that she's on the road to recovery 100%. >> You're so sweet >> cuz truthfully there's no health without mental health. And it's like all of it, health, wealth, all of it is just so intertwined. Like you want them all. And so you just made a super important point that yeah, they preach this narrative but like why not enjoy the journey because >> everybody's always looking for the destination. But what if the journey is really it, >> you know? >> Yeah. Um. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, be willing. I mean, it's another trap is like following these playbooks that we think are so well-intentioned and we forget to ask like, wait a second, what about what do I want? So, the do both method again is build wealth and enjoy life at the same time. So, there's two sides to that coin, everyone. So, first of all, let's talk about the enjoy life piece cuz that's what everybody is excited about, right? So, the way you figure out so everything can't be important to you. You can't just say, "Oh, everything's important. I want to spend money on everything. I want to spend whatever I want to spend. I never want to tell myself no." Because for every every time you tell yourself yes, you're also telling yourself no to something else. So every time you say yes to all the impulse spins and all the >> random buys, you're saying no to wealth building, right? >> And so one of the exercises I take my clients through is like a values exercise to see what are your top values and from there, how does your spending line up with those values? And nine times out of 10, the top values are things like family happiness, travel, financial security. So typically when people come to me, yes, they'll the first two are taken care of. They're, you know, spending money for travel. They're having fun with their family. They're creating the experiences, but financial security is usually always underfunded. So then we it's so simple to show them, hey, you say you value this, but when it comes to how you're using and spending your money, it's not even showing up on the list. >> Oh, that's so good. Yeah, >> I mean, sorry, I'm not even letting Germaine talk, you guys, but I'm getting so excited. >> Okay, >> I get so excited because I think that we all a lot of women say that like I care about my health. I care about money. I care about insert whatever thing like your values and it's like does your calendar show that? Does your bank account show that priority or is it are you just like blowing smoke up my ass like you know? And >> so I think that's like really helpful. Like I actually think that that is why coaching is so great is because you get someone on your side that will help you create future you because otherwise present day you is going to get in the way. >> So I I love that. >> And when you think about the two most important resources we have is our time and our money. And so if you say that you value something, you better believe time and money. You should see time going towards that that thing and you should see money going towards that thing. So for instance, you should be spending time on your money, not avoiding it, not neglecting it because you don't want to deal with it. And then are you investing? Are you paying down high interest debt? Are you saving for your future? All of those things. So that's the enjoying life part. So once we figure out, okay, what are the things that you really enjoy based on the season of life you're in? Because as moms, as women, seasons change if you have little kids. I have kids in college right now. So a kid in college and one on his way. So my priorities will be definitely different. My values will be different than someone with toddlers at home. >> So it's based on the season of life you're in. And that season not only is based on, you know, your life, but also what what are your financial obligations at this time? What financial situation are you in? And then we look at the build wealth part. And that is where we get really clear on all of your numbers and just say, "Okay, based on where you are, what's your first financial goal?" And let's start funneling money towards those goals versus just impulsively spending it on random things that don't even matter to you. And that's how you free up cash. Because when you stop spending on what doesn't matter, you free up money to really change your life when it comes to wealth building. >> Yeah. And it's the same thing. It's like what are you saying no to? What are you saying yes to? What type of discomfort do you want for losing weight, right? The discomfort of staying the same or the discomfort of changing and saying no thank you to yourself in the moment but yes to your future self. It's like the exact same thing here too. >> Such the same. And it's like both ways are hard. you're going to experience some hard discomfort either way like which but why don't you choose it on purpose instead of just by default. >> Yeah. Being intentional and that that when you start doing that it gets really gratifying though. Um anyways yeah I think that if you choose that discomfort eventually you won't be uncomfortable like the other discomfort you're just always going to be uncomfortable. Eventually you're going to be so proud of yourself which I think is so cool. So I think the takeaway is that you can still enjoy your life. You can still do the things that matter to you. And when we were first going to through this exercise for us, we knew that family vacations were like priority and so was having like date nights and me being able to go out with my girlfriend. So we allocated money towards those things. But then some of the other stuff I was spending money on, I was shocked to even see how much I was spending on things like groceries and how much we were wasting and take out. I was able to reallocate some of that money towards the things I really enjoyed. Plus, for us getting out of debt, that was our first goal. Amazing. Okay, so let's talk a little bit about the cage that I see a lot of women putting themselves in. They don't want to spend money on themselves because they feel like it's selfish. Like this comes up a lot when it comes to the Yummy Mommy. The Yummy Mommy experience is $5,000. I mean, I know that this objection is going to come up with the Freed the Mom's membership, too, which is $77 is the founding rate and $97 is like the regular rate. And I know that women are going to have issues with both of the rates because we feel like if we spend money on oursel then that's selfish. I could be allocating this money towards my kids uh camp or towards my kids like fill in the blank anything for your kids or you know it just it feels so selfish. Can you talk to us a little bit about that? >> Totally. So, you know the whole thing when you're on an airplane, you're supposed to put your own oxygen mask on first before helping other people. So, here's my thing. Wherever you're struggling in life, so if it's with your health, if it's with your relationships, if it's with your money, that's the first place you want to put your money. Let's fix the problem because once you fix the problem, then so many other problems fix because >> Yes. >> Yes. It's like once you do like one of the things I found when I got my money under control was my health improved. So it's just like once you start pulling one lever, you start pulling others at the same time because you're transforming into someone who is different. And for anyone who doesn't think that they deserve it or that they should spend it other ways, I would just ask you to question it. Like it just because you have that thought in your mind doesn't mean it's true. And like how can you show up as a better mom, as a better friend, as a better spouse when you're fully like feeling good in your body and feeling good in your your life in general? >> Yeah. Oh, that's so so good. Okay. What would you say about I don't have time to manage my money? How do we like how do we take like little steps to create momentum or like how can we start small to make big impacts over time? Yes. So, I heard someone describe this and I love it. So, when you think about time, there's the macro time and micro. So, macro is like the season of life I'm in. Like, oh my gosh, the kids are in school. I'm working. I got all these things going on. So, the season of life you're in is just a busy season versus I just don't have enough hours in my day. Like, my day is just sucked up. So, first of all, with the macro, when you can figure out how to do something when you're busy, then that means no matter what what season of life you're in, you're always going to have that thing dialed in. >> Yes. But if you wait until the perfect time when I have nothing on my calendar and everybody's just leaving me alone, then what's going to happen when you get busy again? You're going to drop all the things you learned about, right? So, I think if you're busy and if you think you're too busy to do something, that's more of a reason to do it because >> No one can take it away from you. >> Exactly. Nobody can ever take it away no matter what what life is like. And then the other thing I'll offer is when you think about the days in the the hours and the days I just don't have enough time in the day. Look at your phone. >> Look at your screen. That's what I say. >> Can you reallocate a little bit of time, a half hour from Netflix or from Instagram or Tik Tok to something that's really going to change your life? >> That's what I would say. >> Um >> that's so good >> because you can't afford not to manage your money. I'm sorry. Because if you don't spend time with your money, money likes attention. It's like a jealous partner. If you don't give it attention, it's going to go away. It's going to go away. >> It needs attention. It It's just the way it is. >> I love that. Yeah, it needs attention. Oh, that's so so good. Um Okay, so talk to us about some of us who might be like we're just so scared. We have like this habit of putting our head in the sand like we just don't want to like if if we don't see it it doesn't exist. So how do we get ourselves to start looking at the numbers and like looking at the bank accounts because I know that like the shame spiral for a lot of us can come up very quickly. >> Yes. So, this is one of the things that I really work with my clients on. It's one of the second things they do when we work together is they look. And here's what I will tell you. >> Usually, >> when they look, they feel so much relief >> because now it's not like this mystery. They're not making up stories about things. It's like, no, even if it's not >> perfect, and it's it never is. And we we're not trying to be perfect, by the way. But even if it's like, okay, I see what I've been doing here and I don't want to do that anymore. >> At least you know, at least you're actually working with real data >> and you make decisions from that versus drama, right? You can't make decisions drama, >> right? So, I would say what are you scared of? First of all, find out what the fear is. You got to name it and see what it is. >> Yeah. Yeah. Cuz then it's not like the big scary monster in the closet. It's like, "Okay, I can see you and now I know how to handle you." >> And really, what we're afraid of is how we're going to talk to ourselves when we look. >> It's the same as a scale. I mean, it's the same exact thing. I just like cannot get over the analogies. Like, it's the same as a scale. We don't want to see the number because we're afraid of how hard we're going to beat ourselves up. And it's just >> and we're going to feel bad. So, you're afraid of an emotion that you're going to subject yourself to. What if you decide before you go in? And so I have rules that I give them. I'm like, "Listen, we're gonna look, but we're not beating ourselves up. We're not shaming ourselves. We're not doing any of that. This is just data. We're looking at what the past you have been doing >> because the present you and the future, you don't want to do that anymore." >> Yeah. Not on board. >> So, we just have to look so that we can get some data. And like I say, uh, one of my clients recently after she did it, she was like, "Oh my god, Germaine, I was so scared to do this, but now I feel like I have so much control, >> right?" >> I have so much control because I see what I'm doing and I know the things that I can change. I know what I can do next. I feel so much more in control now. >> Oh god, that's so so good. Oh, I'm obsessed with it. Okay, so you're like, "Money likes attention. Money is like a jealous girlfriend or boyfriend." Like it it needs attention and love. Like what like talk to us more about like the qualities or personality of money? Like what is money like? What what does money not like? Like like talk to us about that. I love I love like personifying money because it helps me cuz I'm very visual. >> Yeah. So first of all, it does not like to be ignored. It likes attention, but it doesn't need too much attention. It doesn't want you to be clingy. It's very interesting. It wants you to be like, "Pay attention to me. know that I'm here, but don't be too graspy. Don't be too clean. >> Right. So, it's like this middle balance ground that money wants you to be with him. Like, >> that's it. >> That's really great cuz like I mean, just think of like dating or like, you know, like >> my my husband didn't want me I mean, I might have been a little clingy at the beginning. I really liked him. Um, but yeah, like most men don't like that. Most women don't like that. It's like I I want you, but I don't need you energy. It's like >> Yes. And it's like for money, it's just like need nothing. Like I I'm And it wants you to be appreciative of it. A lot of us, we talk down to our money like that's not enough or it's not good enough or we just send it away. Every time it comes into our lives, we're like bye-bye money. I'm spending you away. So that's another thing like learning how to have it in your presence without clinging to it and without constantly like ignoring it or spending I call it spending it away. >> A lot of us do that too. >> How can we practice doing that? Like how can we practice like being a good girlfriend, being a good steward to our money? >> So I like to have money dates just like if you're in a relationship, don't you want to go on a date sometimes? So, I like to have money dates with u my money usually once a month, sometimes twice a month depending on the person where you just sit down and check in and just see how things are going, making sure everything is lined up. Um, and you can even think of it, I just thought of this like one of the things, you know, when you first get started with like money coaching, you spend a little bit more time. So, that's like your honeymoon. You're spending a little bit more time just to get, you know, get things going, get things rolling. But then from there you you know just go on dates once or twice a month and that'll maintain the relationship really well. >> That's so good. I know I always use the analogy of like this is weird but we've neglected our health or weight or whatever for so long and it's like imagine if you neglected your mouth like your teeth if you never went to the dentist. You'd have to go to the dentist like a lot for 6 months and then you'd be good to go. They'd be white. They'd be straight. you got the cavity spilled, the root canal, you're good to go. But you still have to brush your teeth every day. You have to floss your teeth every day. And then you have to go to the dentist, you know, once every six months or whatever it is. And it's like, I love that analogy, too. It's like somehow we just weren't taught that we need to be paying attention to our money and to our health like on a regular basis. So, I love the analogy of the marriage as well, the honeymoon and then into dates. It's so good. >> So good. And you don't have to be obsessed. Like you don't need to check your apps like constantly, but I say uh check especially when you're first getting started. You know, once a week maybe you check in on the apps, then the money dates weekly. I love to one of the systems I like to uh use with my clients is what I call the three bank account money management system >> where you really set things up with three bank accounts. The first bank account is going to be for your household bills, your expenses that must be taken care of, the things that run your life. >> A high yield savings account is the next one. And then another account at a different bank that is just yours to spend however you want. And you can, if you're married, you can have one of those for yourself and one of those for your husband. And you allocate how much per month you'll give yourself or how much per paycheck you're going to give yourself. And you can spend that money however you want. No restrictions. The only boundary around that money is the amount that you gave yourself. But how you spend it, what you spend it on. That's totally fine. It's totally up to you. You can save it up for something big or you can spend it every day on something little. It doesn't matter. But I think also, you know, having a system for your money. So, not only are we going on dates, but we've created a system that is going to keep things moving and maintaining along the way. >> Oh, that's so good. You mentioned apps. Do you have certain apps that you recommend? >> I'm thinking like your online >> your banking apps. Okay. >> And some people like spend like apps for budgeting. I don't necessarily. Some of my clients do. So, however you want to manage your money, I support, but I don't have anything that I 100% recommend. >> Yeah, we just started doing that the like each like we both get an allowance basically. We both get >> x amount of dollars per month and it's so fun and it's to your point like I feel so much more in control. It's exactly like okay, I can have my creme brulee. I just can't have creme brulee >> every single night or you know, whatever. I could probably figure out a way to do that. But anyways, my point my point is it feels so much more again to use your words like in control and fun. It feels like I get to have it all. Like okay, I have X dollars I can spend on like my I like my husband's not going to roll his eyes at me for getting a massage, right? Like not that he does that, but like you know I I can s you can sense it, right? And same with me. It's like he wants to build a golf simulator. Great. Build a golf simulator. save up or whatever it is. So, I think it's so funny and it probably really helps with blunting some resentment that could start to build up over the years because of different people have different spending habits and saving habits. >> Could you coach on that a lot? Like in terms of the relationship, I feel like if you've got clients that are married or they're sharing finances, like what are some of the dynamics that come up a lot? Like what do you end up coaching a lot? Like I want to hear about that. >> Give me the tea. Give me the tea. Germaine, what's going on? >> I coach a lot of women who are kind of like they're the ones that handle the money. >> They're the ones that kind of handle everything. Both are making money usually, but they're the ones that are kind of like >> tasked with handling the money. >> And everything's in one account. Everybody's swiping out of the same account and it is a hot mess. >> This is why I came up with this system because this is what worked for me and my husband. We were also using one account for everything >> and we used to not sometimes we have a little spats about that. And >> it all changed when we went to the his, hers, and ours accounts, right? So, we still have the three accounts that I just said, but he has an account, too. So, that makes it four. So he has a spending account, I have a spending account, we have a savings account, and we have our household. And so >> is the high yield savings account is that like for what's left over? It's like if if you get like a >> We save before we spend. >> Okay. >> Yes. We save before we spend. >> Oh, yeah. Okay. Duh. Okay. So talk to me about that, too. Aha. So you're like, "Is that what I put the $5 that's left over from my spending account?" No, that's not what we do here. So yeah. So what we do is remember I told you at the very beginning we take a deep dive. We look at your money and from there we set goals around like, okay, what is most important to you right now? What's the financial goal you really want to work on? If you do not have at least one month of expenses saved, so the amount that needs to go in your household account, if you don't just have that at least, then that's where we need to start because I believe that having that amount of cash to start with just gives you a lot of peace of mind, helps you feel secure. >> Yep. >> It just gives you a lot of control. And so when you're setting up your system, you're deciding ahead of time how much are you saving every month? And then that's going to automatically go in your high yield savings account. And the goal is to get that at least to that one month of expenses. And then once we're there, we can decide what's next. But we're always saving. The goal is to get like 20 30k in there depending on who you are, what your goals are. I work with my clients to decide what that number actually is. >> Okay. But then what if you just keep having so much money then you're then we talk about that later. If you have like once you outdo your savings >> then you start it's time to invest. >> Yeah. Okay. >> It's time to go make your money go work for you. So yeah, once you hit your like your savings goal, the big goal, then it's time to really double down and start building real wealth. I like to think of it like if you think about this, if you have a lot of consumer debt, think of it like you're in a hole. You're you've dug yourself a hole. >> Then let's say you're out of debt. Now you're outside of the hole. You're at ground zero. Now we need to build a heel, a heel of savings. That's the where the high yield savings account come in. That just gives you a strong foundation to stand on. And then once you've got that hill, it's time to build your mountain, baby. Let's get that mountain built. And that's your investing. That could be through 401ks, regular brokerage accounts, or even IRA, traditional IAS or Roth. There's so many things. >> Yeah. What do you recommend? So like let's say that's all dialed. So, you got your like high yield savings. You're like dialed with your investments. All the like highinterest stuff is paid off. Like, do you have certain recommendations for shortterm investments? That's what I'm curious about lately. I know that I have other questions that I prepared, but like that's just a question that to be honest, my like wealth management firm, the the team I guess you would call them, they don't really answer that question because >> what are you using the money for? When you say short-term investments, like what is it for and when do you need it? >> Let's just say I have an extra, I don't know, 50K laying around and I'm like, I want to invest this money. I'm good to go on my long-term investments. Like I feel like I'm good to go on that, but I've got 50K to play with that I want to double or triple or quadruple in the next year or two or three. Okay. So, I think that if you want the money within less than five years that you want to be a little bit more conservative with it. So, you can look at things like a CD. Look for a CD that'll give you a nice return. I don't know about tripling and quadrupling, >> Germaine. I'm like, what do I do if I decide I want to work, but I want my money to like make me more money, but like now? >> Yes. So, I I would say a CD is the the safest place if you need the money within the next one, two or three years. Investing to me is for anything that's five years or longer. Like you're like, I'm putting this money in here. I do not need it. I do not want it for until like at least 5 years from now because you want to give your money an opportunity to recover from any setbacks that may happen in the market because you know the market goes up and it goes down and so right when you need the money if it's down like you're going to cash out at a loss and we don't want to do that. >> Let's pretend I don't let's pretend I don't need the money. Let's pretend it's just >> then it's for fun. >> I'm all about the stock market but then there's real estate. There's a b you can invest in business. There's so many things you could do. My gosh, I don't know what I would do. It would just depend on what I what the needs are in the moment. And I will say I am a financial coach, not an adviser. So I don't give specific financial advice. I coach you on like what matters to you. So just >> Yeah. Which I Well, I think that's great too because >> I mean advice is great and we all always want advice, but like the best kind of help I mean I'm biased. I'm a coach, but I think really and I do give advice, but I do think the best kind of help you can get is a coach that helps you ask questions so that you can figure out what's right for you and what's right for your life. >> So, thinking about what what do you want to do with the 50k? >> Well, I don't have 50k. Well, yeah. No, actually, okay. I actually do and I have an answer. There's there's my brain going, I don't have enough. It's like, okay, wait a second, Laura. Is that true? Okay, somebody called me on that the other day. Um, but what I would do is invest in my business because I'm so passionate about my business. A business. Some people are passionate about real estate. Some people are passionate about I know a lady who's becoming an angel investor. So, she wants to invest in other like small businesses >> um and particularly coaches who are starting up their businesses. So, it really does depend on you >> and what's important to you, what lights you up, what your passions are. Yeah, >> but yeah, if you have an extra anything laying around, I can help you to figure out what you want to do with it and totally support you in that. But I would just say if you're thinking about the markets, investing in the markets, you want to think about 5 years or longer. If you don't want the money or need the money within the next 5 years, that's a good place to go. But if you're going to need it, I would say no because we know how the stock market goes. >> Yeah, that's so good. Okay. So, talk to us a little bit about the lifestyle creep. So, I know that this is something that came over here and crept on right up just with like little kids like kind of what you were talking about, little kids, daycare, a mortgage, a couple cars, like and then just our preferences, the vacations we like to take, the clothes we like to wear, the restaurants. So, how can you spot a lifestyle creep and what should we do about it? Just talk to us a little bit about this. Yeah. So, if you find yourself like making more money than you've ever made, but you still are in the same place financially, nine times out of 10, it's due to lifestyle creep. Because again, if you're used to spending everything you make, making more money isn't going to change that. You're just going to expand to the new a new level of spending. >> So, that is what's happening. So, that's an awareness point. If you're thinking to yourself like, "Oh my gosh, last year or let's just say over the last two or three years, I'm making more than I've ever made yet. I still find myself myself stuck in the cycle of credit card debt or I don't have as much saved. I'm not investing like I want to, then it's very likely due to lifestyle creep." So, that's a level of awareness that you need to have. So, the first step to changing anything is just awareness. Like, oh, this is why you're probably um living in a more expensive house, maybe driving in a more expensive car, maybe you're doing more activities because you can, because you can afford it, all the things. And just decide like, okay, I see what's happening. I don't want this to continue to happen. >> And then we come in, we hire you. >> Yeah. Come on. >> Okay, great. >> Hire me. I love it. Yeah, it's just an awareness point and just noticing it, I think. And then what you're talking about and I think it's similar to the yummy mummy. It's like when you notice that you there's something in your life that isn't working for you. What I've been noticing what really works for me and this is like kind of my whole program is built on it is like making a rule that supports your future self. And people don't like the word rule. So a guideline, a promise, a protocol. Yeah. And that's what my clients call their their plans is their protocol. I just I just noticed like okay if I'm if I don't like something how can I make a rule that's like really supportive of my future self and it's been helping me >> so much. I mean that was like the rule that we created like I mean to your point around we both get x amount of dollars to spend every month and my brain just really does well with that or like I was actually feeling like I was which is so funny to me as a coach like I'm like I have no time. I'm like, "Oh my god, this is such basic stuff that I'm like coaching myself on." And I'm like, "No, I literally actually just all my days are filled with meetings." And so I'm like, "Oh, okay. New rule. There's only three meetings allowed every day no matter what so that I can have time to do the other things I want to do." >> So good. I I'll share a couple rules that I have and that I share. So one of them is so I call them protocols. So and a lot of times you don't create these until you experience a problem. So let's say you are experiencing lifestyle creep >> and you look and you're just like, "Okay, what's happening?" Oh, I'm just doing a lot of impulse buying. I'm just buying a bunch of things. >> So I have for my own life, I've instituted the sleep on it rule. So if I want something that's impulsive, even if I have money in my spending account, I wait 48 hours before I buy it. And that has saved me tens of thousands of dollars. And so the urge is strong because like you you you see something you're like, "Oh my god, that is so cute. That is perfect." Or whatever it is. Then I'm like, "Yep, I can't buy it right now. I'm going to wait." >> But you can put it in the cart, right? Can you put it in the cart? >> Put it in the cart or not. >> You can put it in the cart or not. It's up to you. And 48 hours, nine times out of 10, I never ever ever go back for it ever. I forget about it most of the time. Sometimes I will. Um the other one is pause before you pay. that'll kind of like jolt you in the moment like okay you're about to buy something pause first and then you you know make let yourself recalibrate get control and then say okay if I want it in 48 hours I used to say 24 hours but some of my clients were like 24 hours isn't enough so we do 40 >> Oh I love that. Yeah. >> And now this is my last one. I used to find that I bought a lot of my impulsive purchases in bed at the end of the day. So now I I can't shop in bed anymore. Yeah. Just cleans it up real fast. >> It cleans it up based on me. Like you have to live it in order to create these for yourself. I can give you a few, right, to start, but then you got to go out and live life and then you're going to know, oh, this is one I need to quit. >> You got to study yourself. It's the same. I was just coaching somebody and she's like, I I'm snacking on the pistachios at 5:00 p.m. when I'm getting home. And it's like, okay, we Exactly. We built a protocol around, okay, she actually needs to take a five minute walk around the block before she walks in the door because that's what she actually needs. She doesn't need the pistachios, right? But it was >> she needs a little break. >> Yeah, she just needs a little break. And the pistachios actually weren't really helping with the break. They were doing kind of a poor job >> of her real need, which is a couple deep breaths and some fresh air and some space before she goes from work to mom life, you know? >> Oh, that's so so good. Oh my god. I I you're going to have to come back, Germaine, because I have like so many more questions and you have to come into the Yummy Mummy Masters and teach us. >> Oh, I would love to. That would be >> inside there. Yeah. Okay. So, I really wanted to do the lightning round. A little like these are really fun. I've been wanting to bring this to Free the Moms or to the podcast for a while. >> Okay, here's a lightning round. A money rule you break on purpose. >> Um, I buy lattes. Okay, >> I go to Starbucks. I hate the latte factor rule, which says, "Hey, if you stop buying lattes every day, you can become a millionaire." And I'm like, "I can buy lattes every day and still become a millionaire." Now what? >> Yeah, watch me. That could be your whole brand. >> It's so good. >> Okay. What is a splurge that 100% aligns with your wealth plan? Does that one make sense? >> Yes. And I don't know if this is a splurge, but it it really is a splurge. Okay. So, I am in the process of sending my son to college debtree and we are cash flowing it. >> And that is in alignment with our wealth plan because one of our biggest issues was when my husband and I got married, we were 100K in student loan debt. >> And we decided that we did not want our children to experience that. They we wanted them to start like remember I talked about the whole >> being in the hole. >> Yes. Yes. >> Being at ground zero. I want them at least at ground zero. Maybe a little heel on top. You know what I mean? >> So, it's a splurge. It's a big splurge, but I'm we're doing it. >> That's a whole another conversation, too, that we can talk about. I was just having this conversation with my husband this past weekend. Okay. one thing you wish every mom or woman would stop apologizing about around money. >> H I would say I don't know if this makes sense, but I would wish women would stop telling themselves that they're bad with money or that they're sorry that they bought something or they're sorry that they don't know something. Because the truth is most of what we don't know, most of all of it is just based on what we've been taught and what we >> what we think is right. And I promise you, none of you are bad with money. None of you are bad with money. You just >> need to learn a few skills. Everything we talked about today is a skill that you can absolutely learn, right? And so when you first started to drive, you didn't know how to drive, but you figured it out because you learned the skill. Same with money. You just have to learn the skills. I'll add on top of that there's five skills that I think everyone should know. Five of them. Okay. So, in you got to be good at making money. Most of my clients are good at making money. Check. But then we have to get good at spending, right? Spending is also a skill. And this is not about going on a strict budget or or eliminating spending. We just want to spend intentionally. Then there's debt, especially high interest debt. You got to learn how to get out of credit card debt and to stay out of it. We can still use credit cards though. We can still get the points, the perks. Then also saving, like learning how to have money, to keep money in your life, and then investing, learning how to let your money work for you. You work hard for your money. Let's let your money work hard for you, too. >> I love that. That reciprocity. That's I think money probably likes that. Money likes me in a giving and receiving relationship. Okay. The last little question I have is what is your rebuttal or what is your response to money? Money can't make you happy. Money doesn't make people happy. What is your response to that? >> It's not money's job to make you happy. That's your job. Money is a tool that can enhance your life to help you to experience life at a higher level. But your happiness, that's completely up to you. >> So good. Oh, totally agree. Okay, tell us how we can find you and stalk you and hire you and all the things. So, I think there are probably two different people listening. Some are like, "Oh my gosh, I want to learn more from Germaine." If that's you, you can go to germainefoley.com/wealthclass and download this private podcast series that I just made. You can binge it. is just five episodes and I talked a lot about the do both method and way more than we talked about today. And then there may be some people who are like, I just need to hire her. I need her in my life. And if that's you, same thing. germainefoley.com/ccconult and let's talk and see if we're a good fit to work together. >> Gosh, you're the best, Germaine. I love you. Okay, we have to have you back. You have to come teach the yummasters. >> Oh my gosh, that is fun. So, make sure you all join so we can have a class or two together. Come on. >> Or maybe you come in to free the moms. I don't know. Maybe you come to both. Maybe come to a retreat, Germaine. Let's do everything. >> Let's do it all. Retreat. Free the moms and the young mom masters. Is that what it says? >> She's like, "Oh my god, what are you doing? Why do you have 18 things?" Okay. Thank you so much. You are the best, Germaine. Okay, I know you guys love this conversation cuz I absolutely loved it. I got so much out of it. Please let me know your takeaways. Please let me know what you want me to ask Germaine if she comes back. Tell me what's on your mind cuz this is a conversation. This isn't me talking, us talking to you. So that's number one. Let me know what you liked, what more question, what other questions you guys have. And then make sure you guys go to laconley.com/freetheoms and get your booty in the freetheoms membership so that you really can have your best life ever. Thanks again, Germaine. You are the best. Love you so much. >> Thank you. Love you too.

- Is taking Berberine a good idea?: Kind: captions Language: en berberine has been called OIC in a pill and like OIC there can be weight loss but there's a side effect that won't be touted in all these health articles showing you how great berberine is I've changed my mind three times on berberine in the past year so this video will show you the facts about berberine so you can make an informed decision when many of you wrote in asking my opinion of berberine it was the first time I really slowed down to understand that indeed seed metformin and berberine have very similar effects at lowering blood sugar but much like any supplement the difference between an FDA approved and regulated medication and a supplement was well spotty performance the prescription I could trust and it was doing exactly what I asked for well berberine it just didn't have the performance that was as stable as metformin so when comparing any supplement to a prescription medication the FDA ensures that the the metformine was actually 500 Mig and that it was pure unlike berberine where a supplement company doesn't always have a third party looking at it and even when they do I find that when they say one thing there's not really anybody overlooking that it actually did that the third fourth and fifth batch they made so I find that the performance of met foran was trustworthy and actually lowered the blood sugars in my patients as expected but berberine often has a spotty performance but that isn't why I hate berberine metformin and berberin do have basically the same impact and I want to make sure that the people watching this video understand that the audience I'm speaking to are not the people that have diabetes and are using Metformin as a treatment for their diabetes please do not watch a YouTube video to decide your medical care the people I'm trying to talk to are the ones using berberine to extend their life lower their blood sugar and do a whole bunch of other things that these articles say are happening so let's get to the reason why people are so excited about taking berberine in fact when I looked into berberine I was a little shocked that it is very similar to how metformin works it has a little less binding capacity but the research was pretty impressive on how similar these two molecules are let's take a look at some of these health articles that advertise how great berberine is it does indeed lower blood sugar much like metformin that part is very true the second part that they talk about is how much weight loss people have on berberine the mechanism is also very similar to what happens with metformin there's a little nausea their gut motility show slows down and they don't eat as much that is true they then talk about how there might be a link that lowering cholesterol and decreasing heart disease was linked to berberine they talk about depression being a little bit better that they say maybe there's an improvement in cancer and they talk about about test tubes and animal studies and then try to apply it to patients they then talk about how great berberine is for oxidative stress and inflammation and they say yes it's an anti-inflammatory it's an antioxidant but they skip all the details that even in a pach Tre dish or in animal models when you can see if we apply this molecule this chemical berberine in this case to a stressful inflamed tissue that it does something unique and maybe that lowers inflam what they don't talk about is when you swallow it into an insulin heavy patient meaning someone producing way more insulin than they should how it's hardly going to do a thing it's within those articles they'll talk about the Improvement in your immune system how your fatty liver is a little better and maybe heart failure got better I think all of these claims stem from the reduction in insulin that when you decrease blood sugar yes that's wonderful that also is associated with a decrease in insulin they are extrapolating a lot of these claims based on the fact that when insulin is lower many of these benefits happen but it's not a direct correlation and like I said the performance of berberine is not predictable so where did all this hype come from well in 2014 in banister an article was published that really got those influencers excited about how metformin or berberine might have an advantage as we age yes helping us live longer Unfortunately The opposite results came out in 2022 now we have a trial called the tame trial that's underway to say well who was right and we aren't going to know the answer for half a decade if we're lucky so why do I hate it well the mechanism for lowering blood sugar and I mean from metformin or berberine can be debated in the scientific articles but we know one thing for sure in the mitochondria at complex one there's partial inhibition which indeed lowers blood sugar but I'm not sure it's such a hot idea to weaken your mitochondria to partially inhibit it this mitochondria the PowerHouse of your cells is what turns fuel into energy it is what powers us and if you don't have a severe risk like diabetes why are you doing that there are a lot other ways to lower blood sugar that don't block your mitochondria's power if you're curious about this mitochondrial inhibition and what that does to your health I go into that deeper in the next video I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @pablolobo3515 [1 likes]: I used to like u...but now I know you at farmafia side. ADIOS
  2. @johnnyd529 [1 likes]: FDA IS BOUGHT AND SOLD BY BIG PHARMA LOBBYISTS!
  3. @Chris-v9s8f [1 likes]: I don't get a trusting vibe from this woman personally ..
  4. @scottrobbins1260 [1 likes]: This is the same lady who said fruit was evil. Go look it up. I wouldn't trust this person with my healthcare. Trusts the FDA? That's all you need to know...
  5. @genuinereviews7126: Oh so if an MD that has no training in nutrition and get kick backs from drug companies say it, it must be true!  Yes, ignore ancient wisdom and listen to inexperienced doctors that also read “peer” and often paid for research.  Lol.  I think I will stick to being healthy.
  6. @stevejensen3471: Very surprised this crap is pushed.  They call it nature's Ozempic for weight loss which I didn't need.  I was taking it for ampk activation to assist with my slightly higher blood sugar thanks to the low dose statin I'm on.  

Well I'll tell you - I took it for a month and I became very sick for about 3 weeks!!! Come to find out that it will affect two of your hormones for satiation and one other one and with me, it made it hard to even look at food to where I had to actually gag my food down - and I couldn't even look at eggs or have my evening omelette - and couldn't for about 6 weeks after I recovered! All I can say is to beware of this stuff!!!
  7. @kginoregon8550: Hey influencer - instead of trashing a compound that has fewer side effects and has shown effectiveness (yes, in double blind studies) in lipid reduction, inflammation and insulin reduction - HOW ABOUT CLEANING IT UP AND STANDARDIZING IT instead.  I know, not much money in that, but oh well, I guess drug makers bottom line is more important than silly old patients.  Take the easy way out.  Why care about them when there are $$$$$ to be made with no work on doctor's part.
  8. @ariellespaventa3645: Don’t listen to this metformin is toxic..I was on it!
  9. @ariellespaventa3645: She’s gonna endorse metformin because it makes the pharmaceutical company so much money while berberine has so many benefits!!!!
  10. @GummyBearRecords: What is metformin's side effects ? 🤔
  11. @superchargenurse: Sounds like a shill
  12. @douglasbutler7067: this stuff made me sick, big stomach  issues,
  13. @tamarahamilton7054: I’ll be doing the total opposite of what you are saying…. FDA 😂
  14. @AlexanderMaldonado-r3y: I trust big pharma 100%
  15. @peterbeck8075: Somewhat today the hair is off
  16. @Chris-v9s8f: FDA and Trump are not entities I trust at all
  17. @WorldofSmeads: Lmao she probably took the vaccine 💉
  18. @Exxeron-ob3tv: Spotty performance...? The FDA clears all kinds of meds and then has a 25% recall rate.
    Yo Doc, got a number set to go with your definition of "spotty?
  Lady reminds me of the Doc that prescribed me a med that would have made my insulin sensitivity worse AFTER the tests showed huge improvement. In their defense, maybe they still had boat payments?
  19. @luciazuercher4418: Did you also believed in the COVID Vaccine 😂
  20. @sandys.1891: I was placed on Berberine by a Functional Medicine physician. There are supplement companies that sell medical grade supplements. The doc actually writes a prescription for the supplement and I buy directly from the company. My physician has no relationship to the company other than as a prescriber. If you want your patients taking medical grade supplements then you use one of these companies.

- What Can You Eat on a Low Carb Diet? (Full Food List): Kind: captions Language: en low carb diets are becoming increasingly popular but which foods are low in carbohydrates I will quickly go through healthy low carb food choices so you understand what you can eat on a low carb diet the best way for you to quickly classify whether a food is low carb is to think about its source did it come from an animal or a plant and that's significant because plants are the living organisms that make carbohydrates if you remember learning about photosynthesis that is the process that plants use to make carbohydrates from raw materials of sunlight carbon dioxide and water so all plant foods will contain carbs but that doesn't rule them out of a healthy little carb diet you just need to pick the right ones most foods that come directly from animals contain only trace amounts of carbs so let's start our low carb food list with meats meats can come from any source including beef poultry pork lamb venison and bison and the very versatile egg is a great addition to a low carb diet and works great as a snack meal or a recipe ingredient there are also products that come from meats that can count as low carb foods like bacon pork rinds beef jerky and lunch meats but as with any food processing lowers the nutrient quality of the food so you will be happiest with the overall quality of your diet if you limit processed meats and choose them wisely to avoid unhealthy ingredients as well as hidden sugars which will increase the carb count now I am going to discuss more than 100 low carb foods in this video so if you would like the full list you can download the list on my website and I will leave some links here for where you can do that ok let's continue all varieties of fish and seafood from wild caught salmon and haddock to shrimp and scallops can be enjoyed as part of a low carb diet now dairy products are the category of animal-based foods that you will want to pay attention - when counting carbs and there are two reasons first dairy contains a natural sugar called lactose and dairy foods are often sweetened which can of course increase the carb count of the food now while it doesn't apply 100% of the time a general rule of thumb is that the higher a dairy food is in fat the lower it will be in the milk sugar lactose for instance 1/4 cup of heavy cream has about one and a half grams of carbohydrates whereas the same amount of fat free skim milk has twice the carb grams that also provides flavor so full fat dairy foods don't need to rely on added sugars and sweeteners like their low fat counterparts so the takeaway is read your labels and don't be afraid to choose the full fat low sugar varieties when it comes to selecting dairy products the dairy foods that can fit into a low carb diet include full fat yogurt heavy cream half-and-half sour cream and different varieties of cheese but again pay attention to the carb count of Dairy Foods and we could round out our list of low carb animal-based foods with cooking fats those that come from animals include butter lard and tallow this also provides a perfect segue into plant-based low carb foods because we get some oils from plants including avocado oil which is one of my favorites as well as coconut oil and olive oil and there are also oils classified as a vegetable oils such as soybean sunflower and canola oil these oils fit on a low carb list but I do not use them due to their questionable health value and if you want to know more about that you can see my video on the best cooking oils as I mentioned earlier all whole plant foods contain carbs but that doesn't rule them out of a healthy low-carb diet you just need to pick wisely so that you're getting the vital nutrients from the plant foods without the excess carbs so let's continue our list of low carb plant foods and I'm going to loosely list them from lowest carb content to highest coffee NT come from coffee beans or tea leaves and contain only a trace amount of carbs making them a favorite drink of low-carb dieters herbs and spices also come from plants so they contain trace amounts of carbohydrates which is typically a non-issue because spices tend to be used in small quantities but you do want to read the label of packaged spice blends that have other ingredients added in for instance this packet of taco seasoning mix contains 4 carbs per serving and there's about six servings in here leafy green vegetables are a great low carb choice and many other non starchy vegetables will fit into your low carb lifestyle as well a few of the more popular low carb vegetables include asparagus green beans broccoli cauliflower mushrooms and onions onions are a bit higher in carbs than the other vegetables that I mentioned so that is something that you might want to pay attention to if you are following a very low carb or keto style diet nuts and seeds qualify as low carb foods but it pays to monitor how many you are eating because they are easy to overeat the carb content will also vary with nuts from with pecans walnuts and macadamia nuts being lower in carbs then pistachios and cashews low carb seeds are a great way to add crunch to a salad and can be blended into recipes to enhance their health value I prefer to eat nuts and seeds raw to avoid the unhealthy oils that are typically used for roasting some favorites are chia hemp sunflower and pumpkin seeds with the popularity of low carb diets we are seeing a rise in popularity of butter derived from nuts and seeds these natural kinds of butter have a place on our list but they are even easier to overeat than nuts and seeds themselves you have to read the label also to make sure that other ingredients including sugar were not added we can also grind not and similar plant foods to give us flour like almond flour or coconut flour for baking and while these flours may have some health benefits when compared to white flour anytime you refine a whole food it changes the way your body handles it so if you are using a low-carb diet as a way to lose weight you will be happiest with your overall results if you avoid or limit all types of flour alright let's talk about fruit there are many variety of fruit some make the low-carb list and others do not fruits that are generally regarded as being low-carb friendly include avocados coconuts lemons and limes and olives there are other fruit that are not super high in carbs that can fit into a low-carb diet for some people these include apples berries cantaloupe cherries and grapefruit however if you are weight-loss resistant you may find that you need to limit your overall fruit intake and I have a video on that topic if you would like to learn more about that lastly I am also going to give an honorable mention to dark chocolate but to qualify as low-carb friendly you'll want to look for brands that are at least 70% cacao with little or no added sugar but just a side note dark chocolate is an acquired taste so the longer that you are on a low-carb diet the more your taste buds will adjust and you will be able to taste that more subtle sweetness that you get with dark chocolate so you can see that there are a lot of nutrient rich foods that you can choose from when you follow a low-carb diet I certainly through a lot of foods at you in this short video if you would like the complete downloadable list you can grab a copy on my website and I will link to that here in the video and down below in the description area thanks so much for watching please subscribe and I will see you in the next video thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [132 likes]: Download the Full List of 100 Low Carb Foods Here (Free): https://www.drbeckyfitness.com/Low-Carb-Food-List
  2. @ratg0r3 [2 likes]: I am on a cal deficit and now I want to start eating healthier and working out, lost 10 lbs already and I'm ready to start building better habits 💅
  3. @kaydub1981 [1 likes]: I do NOT suggest seed oils AT all either. Thoughts on peanut oil??
  4. @BigTBuiltDifferent [1 likes]: Is keto bread okay? It has worked for me and I lost over 100lbs but it took 14 months still got 38lbs till my goal
  5. @waynearcher5970 [1 likes]: Riced cauliflower and mashed cauliflower (mashed potato  substitute) are great.
  6. @Jeff-bl1rz [1 likes]: I thought watermelon was very high in sugar …
  7. @CodyHouston30 [1 likes]: I tried low carbs before it took all my energy away I feel a lot better on high carbs
  8. @emilyhopemeechem4183: My mom is getting me to do that low carb diet
And she’s doing it too
  9. @dianne7824: Thank you for your video. This is very useful.
  10. @ripcisco: i
  11. @ruhulabedin3651: Love your videos, thank you so much
  12. @planethex9756: 5:59  realization that I’m still immature 😞😭🤣
  13. @Woodysdad1: Great video. Thank you.
  14. @the-comedian-25: These arent foods these are ingredients ?? Wheres the food what kind of meals do you do with these ingredients ❗️❗️⁉️❓❓im gonna die !! 😫😫😫
  15. @veeylmaa: Thaks
  16. @rodneynicholls6537: you should crack the fill plug first!
  17. @claudiamijares86: Hi! can a follow this diet as a vegetarian? which proteins can I eat?
  18. @Signalprocessing-c8y: The video is great. Thank you, Becky, for sharing
  19. @SheSheBelieves: This was SUCH a helpful video, thank you!! Also, thank you for the list! A very practical resource :)
  20. @olin5836: Are oats low carbs?

- 5 Low Carb, High-Fat Foods to Eat Every Day: Kind: captions Language: en A low carb, high-fat diet keeps hunger away and moves your body into a fat burning state. In this video, I'm going to share five lowcarb, high-fat foods that you can easily add to your daily diet. Hi, I'm Dr. Becky from drbeckyfitness.com. I'm a college instructor of the science of nutrition. Let me start with the avocado. Um, avocados contain a lot of calories which can scare people off. Uh, for instance, this avocado weighs just over 200 gram, which means that it contains more than 300 calories, but most of those calories come from healthy monounsaturated fats. And those fats along with um the 13 or more grams of fiber in an avocado satisfy your hunger and they slow down your digestion, which makes it easier for you to consume fewer calories over the course of your day. Um, now I will say that you don't need to eat a whole avocado to reap the benefits. Um, add half of an avocado to a smoothie or uh put it as a salad topper and you'll not only get those healthy fats, you'll also get a healthy dose of vitamins and minerals that will support your metabolism and your overall health. Next, let's go to the much maligned egg. You know, as a society, we are still trying to recover from the years that we were taught that eggs are high in cholesterol and therefore bad for us. Uh while it is true that an egg contains a lot of cholesterol, the notion that eating cholesterol is a main cause of heart disease has been disputed. Um, even the US dietary guidelines that came out in 2015 changed their stance on cholesterol and now say that cholesterol is not considered a nutrient of concern for overconumption. And another study which was published in the same year shows that even people with metabolic issues can eat a high egg diet without consequences. The study shows that people with type 2 diabetes were able to eat 12 eggs a week with no significant change to their total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, or triglycerides compared to a group that ate just two eggs a week. So, the takeaway is that you can feel free to have at least an egg a day. When you do, you'll get a whole host of micronutrients, including choline, which uh will help with brain function. So, it combats things like brain fog and memory issues. Um, and an egg a day will also keep hunger away. Uh, and that's due to the great mix of proteins and fats that you get from eggs. Um, of course, they're also very versatile, right? So, you can fry them up for breakfast. You can make them into a kiche for dinner, which is something that we often do in in our home. Uh, and hard-boiled eggs make life on a low carb diet easy because they travel well. So, you can carry a hard-boiled egg with you to work for a quick high-fat, low carb afternoon snack. All right, so let's go to walnuts. Now, one of the things I like about walnuts is that they are naturally eaten raw. I recommend all nuts and seeds be eaten raw because when they're roasted, they're typically roasted in an unhealthy vegetable or soybean oil, which wipes out a lot of their benefits. And I'll talk a little bit more about that when I get into the next food. Uh but to stay focused on walnuts about you know 10 12 walnut halves which is about 28 grams of walnuts is all you need in your daily diet to get a tremendous dose of omega-3 fatty acids and a unique blend of antioxidants which are those substances that protect your cells from damage. Um, I will add here that all three of these foods I've talked about so far, avocados, eggs, and walnuts, are also um a great source of B vitamins. And B vitamins help your body convert foods that you eat into energy. So, they help you use calories more efficiently uh, and that sustains your energy throughout the day. Uh, as for how to eat walnuts, well, you can certainly grind them up and put them into recipes, but I find that they make an excellent addition to your salad because the fats in uh walnuts help you absorb the fat soluble vitamins from your salad vegetables. Um, and speaking of healthy fats in u salad, that moves me into my next food, which is full fat salad dressing. And I'm including this here because uh when you go on a diet, it is still one of those taboo items. We think salad and we think low fat dressing. However, putting a full fat dressing on your salad is not something you should be afraid of like walnuts. The fat in dressing helps your body absorb fats soluble vitamins um and also other micronutrients like carotenoids which are the antioxidants that we find in uh bright red uh vegetables and and orange and and uh yellow vegetables. Um so when your salad contains healthy fats, your body is able to pull more of the nutrients out of the salad. And I will tell you that if you have never learned how to make a salad that you truly love to eat, then I encourage you to experiment with adding healthy fats to your salad. Uh if you've been following me for a while, you know the one of my 0123 strategies stands for one large salad each day. Having a salad a day is a great way to jumpstart your healthy weight loss, but if you hate salad, you're not going to go very far. Um, add enough healthy fats to your salad and you will never look back. So, go grab a copy of my free 0123 strategy and then make a salad with avocado, hard-boiled egg, uh, walnuts, and a full fat dressing. Easy, enjoyable, effective, right? Okay. But, uh, there is one caveat I want to mention about full fat dressing, and that is that your dressing should contain a healthy fat. Read the ingredients label and avoid ones with vegetable oil and soybean oil. These are unstable fats and they break down during processing and they become toxic to your body. And uh let me let me save you some time here. It is very hard to find a salad dressing in your grocery store without those oils. I use Primal Kitchen salad dressing. You might be able to find this at your local grocery store. If not, you can find it on my Amazon affiliate shop and I will leave links in the description area below for you. This is made with avocado oil, which is a more stable oil and therefore a healthier fat. All right. And lastly, MCT oil. This oil has come into vogue with the ketogenic diet, which is a very low carb diet. Uh the reason it's linked to a ketogenic diet is because of the unique way it's handled by your body. MCT stands for mediumchain triglyceride. It's a high quality fat that comes mostly from coconut oil. Uh it's a great fuel for for not only your body but also your brain. Uh in your body, MCT oil uh MCTs are easily converted to energy. So when you take them in, they're burned for fuel. Uh and very few of them are stored as fat. So you can obviously see why they're uh oil of interest, right? For those of you that don't know, I have a second YouTube channel that I run with my husband. We recently tested our blood after consuming MCT oil and found that not only does it lower your blood glucose, it also boosts the number of ketones in your blood. So, if you're interested in that video, I will leave links here. Um, MCT oil doesn't have a strong flavor. So, you can add it to salad uh or you can stir it into coffee, which is what we did in in our experiment. So, here you are. Here are five foods that you can easily and deliciously work into your daily diet. Um, of course, there are other choices and taking in a variety of healthy foods provide your body with a wonderful mix of vitamins and minerals. So, if you're looking for a complete diet plan to follow, you can check out the links here on the video and below in the description for my diet plan. Thanks for watching. Please subscribe to my channel and I will be back next week with another video to help you reach your goal. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [10 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  2. @YvonaLive4Love [1 likes]: I need more breakfast ideas pls ! ❤I get sick of eggs at this point
  3. @KickinA874: You are making me
Like salads again
  4. @nature-i2l: Barneyrubble241님
안녕하세요?
아직 하루 달걀 3개 드시나요?
스타딘도 복용하시고요?
저는 달걀 아주 좋아하는데
3개 먹으니 콜레스트롤이 높아져서 한 개 먹어요.
조언 주시겠어요?
  5. @sunniertimer598: Hi Dr. Becky, can we have keto bread toast with that avocado in the morning as a diabetic
  6. @Yue-Star: what about roasting walnuts in coconut oil?
  7. @louisvandriessche8358: Good info by beautiful lady
  8. @emcarver8983: Mct oil isn't a food, neither is avocado dressing. They are additions
  9. @JohnPiperBoots: Hamburger 80% too. Curbs appetite for many hours. Butter too.
  10. @bonnenaturel6688: Love avocados but now sprayed with Bill Gates' Apeel and they are hard and dark inside.
  11. @ReneeEller: What about those of us who have high cholesterol levels?
  12. @fireflymary9269: Make homemade salad dressings! It’s fun and de-lish
  13. @fireflymary9269: How many calories though
  14. @thayne559: I make my own vinaigrette with EVOO and balsamic vinegar. Its good and easy to make. Sometimes ill also drizzle on a little mct oil
  15. @laurencelebeustclair6844: Hi doc., what in your opinion is the best cure for chronic leaky gut syndrome ?
  16. @peterjames174: ? gluten free option
  17. @breakmanradio2530: Saturated fats are healthy for you. Grass fed butter is the best thing you can eat if you want optimal physical and mental performance. At least she knows eggs are good for you.
  18. @ezeddie9747: Lot of sodium in the dressing
  19. @myrant2459: Great video. Thank you
  20. @jamesalles139: thanks 4 Al Gore's rhythm

- Reducing Belly Fat with a Low-Carb Polyphenol-Rich Diet: Kind: captions Language: en-US Deep belly fat, or visceral fat, that is&nbsp; stored around the abdominal organs is linked&nbsp;&nbsp; to significant health risks, including heart&nbsp; disease, type 2 diabetes, and certain cancers. There are proven strategies&nbsp; for reducing belly fat. One&nbsp;&nbsp; that I have covered extensively&nbsp; on my channel is a low-carb diet. Another strategy is to boost&nbsp; your intake of polyphenols. But here is the thing: Polyphenols come&nbsp; from plants, and because plants make&nbsp;&nbsp; carbohydrates through photosynthesis, boosting&nbsp; polyphenols means you boost your carb intake. Is there a way to marry these two strategies?&nbsp; In other words, can you enjoy your polyphenols&nbsp;&nbsp; and have your low-carb diet benefits, too?&nbsp; Absolutely, and not only is it enjoyable&nbsp;&nbsp; because of the great foods you get to eat,&nbsp; it is also easy to follow and effective. This video shares how polyphenols help to reduce&nbsp;&nbsp; belly fat and the low-carb&nbsp; foods that contain them. [Intro Music] Before I start, let me take one minute&nbsp; to thank LMNT for sponsoring this video. Low-carb diets work for fat loss because they&nbsp; keep the fat-storing hormone insulin low.&nbsp; When insulin is low, you also lose sodium more&nbsp;&nbsp; rapidly. That is why people who eat a&nbsp; whole-food, low-carb diet need salt. We have been taught to avoid salt or sodium.&nbsp; However, sodium is an essential nutrient,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning your body can't make it, so it must&nbsp; come in through your diet. Sodium is needed&nbsp;&nbsp; to conduct nerve impulses, contract and relax&nbsp; muscles, and maintain proper hydration. When it&nbsp;&nbsp; is low, it can lead to fatigue, muscle&nbsp; cramps, headaches, and irritability. You can get sodium from low-carb&nbsp; foods like pickles, olives,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just the salt shaker. Or you can&nbsp; do what I do and use LMNT every day. LMNT not only tastes great but also&nbsp; contains magnesium and potassium,&nbsp;&nbsp; two additional essential nutrients needed&nbsp; for proper nerve and muscle function. When you use my link, drinklmnt.com/drbecky,&nbsp; to make any purchase, you will receive a free&nbsp;&nbsp; sample pack with eight great flavors. I will&nbsp; leave a link in the description area below. Unlike subcutaneous fat that you can&nbsp; pinch under your skin, the deeper visceral&nbsp;&nbsp; fat is metabolically active and secretes&nbsp; pro-inflammatory cytokines and adipokines. The resulting low-grade, chronic inflammation&nbsp; contributes to insulin resistance,&nbsp;&nbsp; a condition where cells in the body&nbsp; become less responsive to insulin.&nbsp; This resistance impairs glucose&nbsp; uptake, leading to elevated blood&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar levels and promoting fat storage,&nbsp; particularly in the abdominal region. So, you see a vicious cycle emerge&nbsp; where the accumulation of belly fat&nbsp;&nbsp; releases substances that exacerbate inflammation.&nbsp;&nbsp; That inflammation contributes to insulin&nbsp; resistance, which promotes fat storage. Polyphenols are known for their&nbsp; antioxidant properties, so they have&nbsp;&nbsp; powerful anti-inflammatory effects that break&nbsp; that vicious cycle and help reduce belly fat. They also improve metabolic&nbsp; health by enhancing fat oxidation,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the process of breaking down&nbsp; fatty acids for energy. This enhanced&nbsp;&nbsp; fat breakdown leads to improved energy&nbsp; expenditure and reduced fat storage. Polyphenol-rich foods also suppress&nbsp; appetite by inhibiting the secretion&nbsp;&nbsp; of appetite-stimulating hormones, like&nbsp; ghrelin, and increasing adiponectin levels,&nbsp;&nbsp; furthering this hunger satisfaction effect&nbsp; thanks to the influence adiponectin has on&nbsp;&nbsp; chemical messengers in the hypothalamus&nbsp; that regulate hunger and satiety. Adiponectin also improves insulin sensitivity,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing cells to better utilize&nbsp; glucose for energy. This reduces&nbsp;&nbsp; blood sugar levels and decreases the storage&nbsp; of fat, particularly in the abdominal area. So, there are a lot of wins when it comes&nbsp; to reducing belly fat by eating polyphenols.&nbsp;&nbsp; And best yet, the foods taste good, and&nbsp; many are naturally low in carbohydrates. Now, to this point in the video,&nbsp; I have talked about polyphenols,&nbsp;&nbsp; which sounds like a single&nbsp; substance found in food. Actually,&nbsp;&nbsp; the term polyphenol is a general term&nbsp; used to describe a class of compounds. There are literally thousands of&nbsp; them, so to reap the full benefits,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is best to incorporate a variety of&nbsp; polyphenol-rich foods into your diet.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's look at some great low-carb&nbsp; sources, starting with berries. Not all fruits are appropriate for low-carb&nbsp; dieters, but berries, in general, are OK,&nbsp;&nbsp; and their vibrant colors tell&nbsp; us they are rich in polyphenols. We have all heard it said that if you want to ward&nbsp; off illness, you should eat a rainbow every day,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a catchy way of reminding us to eat&nbsp; a variety of colorful fruits and vegetables.&nbsp;&nbsp; What you are really being told to do is&nbsp; eat your polyphenols every day because&nbsp;&nbsp; many of those rich colors come from these&nbsp; naturally occurring chemical compounds. There are differences among berries. Strawberries&nbsp; are a good low-carb choice because they are widely&nbsp;&nbsp; liked, and a 3.5-ounce (100g) serving contains&nbsp; just 7.7 grams of carbs and 2 grams of fiber.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can also choose blackberries or&nbsp; raspberries. Blueberries are a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; more middle of the range when&nbsp; it comes to their carbohydrate&nbsp;&nbsp; content. We see that a serving of&nbsp; blueberries has 14.5g of carbs. Other fruits high in polyphenols that can be&nbsp; worked into a low-carb diet include plums and&nbsp;&nbsp; apples. You will also find a rich supply&nbsp; of polyphenols in cherries, pomegranates,&nbsp;&nbsp; and grapes, but these fruits have higher&nbsp; carb counts. For the full picture on fruits,&nbsp;&nbsp; see my video on the best and&nbsp; worst low-carb fruit options. Vegetables rich in polyphenols include&nbsp; spinach, broccoli, Brussels sprouts,&nbsp;&nbsp; red onions, asparagus, and artichokes.&nbsp; These are all non-starchy vegetables,&nbsp;&nbsp; so they fit easily into a low-carb diet. To give you an idea, this entire bag of&nbsp; spinach contains just 5 carbohydrates,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you could cook and eat half of this one-pound&nbsp; bag of broccoli and only consume 10 carbs. Carrots are high in polyphenols, which&nbsp; you might guess because of their rich&nbsp;&nbsp; orange color. However, they ride the&nbsp; fence between starchy and non-starchy,&nbsp;&nbsp; so if your goal is to keep your carbs&nbsp; low, limit your intake of carrots. Nuts and seeds are a tasty way to add polyphenols&nbsp; to your daily low-carb diet. The best choices for&nbsp;&nbsp; their polyphenol count are pecans, walnuts,&nbsp; hazelnuts, almonds, flaxseeds, and chia seeds. These foods also provide a great&nbsp; mix of healthy fats and protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; and while being relatively low in&nbsp; carbs, they are easy to overeat. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; do not think of them as a snack food;&nbsp; think of them as a recipe enhancer,&nbsp;&nbsp; so sprinkle chopped pecans, walnuts, or slivered&nbsp; almonds on top of a salad or mix them into&nbsp;&nbsp; full-fat yogurt. You can also add chia seeds&nbsp; and flaxseed to yogurt or a low-carb smoothie. That kind of segways us into beverages.&nbsp; You can drink polyphenols because they&nbsp;&nbsp; are abundant in green tea, coffee, and also&nbsp; red wine. You have heard that the healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; component of red wine is resveratrol.&nbsp; Resveratrol is a type of polyphenol. Other foods that are high in polyphenols&nbsp; and low in carbohydrates are olives,&nbsp;&nbsp; which can be eaten as a snack or&nbsp; included in recipes, and dark chocolate. However, when it comes to dark chocolate,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to choose wisely. The chocolate&nbsp; needs to be at least 70 percent cacao,&nbsp;&nbsp; preferably 80 percent and above, and it should not&nbsp; have sugar listed in the top three ingredients. That by itself takes some searching,&nbsp; but it is also best to find brands low&nbsp;&nbsp; in lead and cadmium. I will link&nbsp; to the Consumer Reports website&nbsp;&nbsp; where the safer chocolates and those&nbsp; highest in heavy metals are listed. And, when you are preparing food at home,&nbsp; you can give the recipe a polyphenol boost&nbsp;&nbsp; by using olive oil or sprinkling in herbs and&nbsp; spices. Several of them are high in polyphenols,&nbsp;&nbsp; including oregano, thyme, rosemary, basil,&nbsp; parsley, cilantro, cinnamon, and turmeric. And, just to be complete, I will mention that&nbsp; there are a few high-carb foods that are rich in&nbsp;&nbsp; polyphenols. They include grains like oats, rye,&nbsp; barley, and wheat. Beans are another high-carb&nbsp;&nbsp; food with polyphenols, with black beans and&nbsp; red kidney beans having the highest levels. Polyphenols support your goal to lose&nbsp; belly fat by reducing inflammation,&nbsp;&nbsp; enhancing fat oxidation, suppressing&nbsp; appetite, and improving insulin sensitivity. These natural substances are abundant in&nbsp; many low-carb foods, including berries,&nbsp;&nbsp; non-starchy vegetables, nuts and seeds, dark&nbsp; chocolate, olives, olive oil, and herbs. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can also drink polyphenols since they are&nbsp; abundant in green tea, coffee, or red wine. There are thousands of polyphenols&nbsp; that you can take in, so aim to&nbsp;&nbsp; get a variety of these foods into your&nbsp; daily diet for maximum health benefits. I will leave the links to the studies and videos&nbsp; I mentioned in the description area below. I will&nbsp;&nbsp; also leave a link to LMNT along with a link&nbsp; to my 0,1,2,3 strategy that you can download&nbsp;&nbsp; for free if you are looking for a way to get&nbsp; started with a nutrient-dense, low-carb diet&nbsp;&nbsp; that will not take over your life. Thanks for&nbsp; watching and have a great rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @angelejolicoeur4767 [2 likes]: So glad you’re back!
  2. @cathyharrop3348 [1 likes]: I can easily dark chocolate.   Oh my.
  3. @primevalseeker3952 [1 likes]: I follow you everyday as a relief. Keto is really hard but you give me support and I can do this but its not easy....
  4. @HappyMom2Girls [1 likes]: I appreciate your content. I paused many times and took notes. This information is very helpful. Thank you so much.
  5. @Roberto-cg2gr [1 likes]: Best to eat fermented vegetables to remove carbobohydrates
  6. @PeterSchwartz-m1h [1 likes]: I'm confused, does IF mean fasting every day for either 12 or 16 hours? If that is the case is it not just Time Restricted Eating?
  7. @filmic1: Thanks Dr. Becky. Boy the processed food industry really has us brain-washed doesn't it?
  8. @MrIceman1953: I recently started using LMNT as my electrolyte drink and was wondering if taking this first thing in the morning breaks my fast.
  9. @Flux_Nomad: The algorithm knows what time of year it is.
  10. @beckysandstrom6954: I haven’t seen any of your videos anymore. How are you and your husband doing? I miss you two!!!
  11. @beckysandstrom6954: Someone is making an apple cider vinegar quick fat loss AI  video  of you with AI words over your video!!!!
  12. @momof4boys67: I am eating low carb, high protein, lots if veggies, water and walking 10-20 minutes after meals, and yes strength training 3-4 days a week- why am I still having spikes?? I don’t know what else
To do…. Doing every tip they recommend- eating veggies first, berberine, ect ect….. i am down about 11 pounds or so- but my blood sugar is still too high !!! What else can I do?
  13. @exploringnewhites: Could you do another video on salt? Basically to just expand on what you were discussing at the beginning of this video. 
About 3 months ago I started eating better because I was pre-diabetic, lost 15 lbs., but had a bit of a salt-deficient "crisis" of sorts. At least I think that's what happened. I was on a hike and almost passed out even though I was drinking plenty of water. But even afterwards I was extremely weak (and low BP - too low - can this be a symptom of too-low sodium?) for about 2 weeks until I heard about low sodium possibly being the culprit. I'm now drinking electrolyte drinks and after 3 days I started feeling back to normal!
  14. @KathyHayes-rh6dt: My co-workers make fun of me because I eat big salads every day at lunch, I will have the last laugh!
  15. @Patricia-s6m: awesome info, thank you!!!
  16. @melanielovegrove9880: Hopefully LMNT starts shipping overseas to South Pacific, not available here yet
  17. @kashemnagor2992: A lot of thangs  f doctor ❤❤❤❤.
  18. @greensombrero3641: perfect - day after thanksgiving - i'm like ut oh !  love the channel and thank you.
  19. @donkorte80: You have white olives…?…
  20. @tommyleejohnson7308: Excellent video.Thanks.

- Top 21 High-Fiber Foods + How Much Fiber You Really Need: Kind: captions Language: en did you know that dietary fiber is an essential part of a healthy lifestyle and there's research that links it to a ton of reduced risk for heart disease diabetes and even some types of cancer plus fiber is really great for a healthy gut but the problem is is a lot of us don't realize how much fiber we should be eating we're not getting enough in our daily diet and we aren't really prioritizing it as something that we need to eat every day but we need more fiber peeps and today in this video i'm going to show you some top foods that have a lot of fiber a lot of foods you should be incorporating into your daily routines if you can and i'm going to talk about why fiber is so so beneficial to us so let's get started so basically if you're eating homemade meals if you're avoiding processed foods if you're getting your water intake and doing your daily exercises but you're not focusing on your daily fiber intake and getting your gut healthy you're probably missing out on a huge portion of a healthy lifestyle and you're making your body work even harder and working against all that other work you're putting in so what is fiber fiber is a plant-based carbohydrate that you get from dietary foods but it doesn't ever really get broken down through digestion and just passes through your digestive system and that's really good because it attaches to foods along the way and it helps to make everything flow better it removes carcinogens from your body as it passes along and it keeps your digestive system working regularly and so those are really good ways to keep your digestive system intact and healthy now there's two types of fiber there's soluble fiber which can be broken down in water and soluble fiber is found in oats and nuts beans and apples and blueberries and that mixes with water and kind of forms a gel as it goes through your body and gets digested and that's good because it actually slows the digestion of food so if you've heard that fiber makes you feel full and keeps you feeling full longer that is why now there's also insoluble fiber and that's found in the skins and peels of fruits and vegetables and also in nuts and seeds so foods like whole wheat bread and brown rice that have that outer layer and all those nuts and seeds in them and those do not mix with water and they get passed through your whole digestive system pretty intact so we've talked about the digestive piece but how does that play a role in keeping your body healthy so in addition to keeping your gut healthy and helping food pass along better and keeping you regular fiber also plays a role in other bodily functions as well so the sugar in those high fiber foods is actually going to get absorbed more slowly which is really good if you're wanting to have lower blood sugar levels and ultimately reduce the risk of diabetes and obesity plus that also has that added benefit of making you feel full longer so you're not as hungry you're not gonna be craving foods as often and you're not gonna feel sluggish right after you eat a meal because of that longer time to digest and that less spike in sugar and that's also going to help you eat less calories which is going to help you lose weight maintain your caloric intake and it also is going to help to suppress hormones that's going to make you feel hungrier so overall fiber is great for digestive health colon health weight loss and general positive body functioning and blood sugar levels so a lot of times people think okay i'm gonna go eat fiber and they go eat a ton of fiber and they get a lot of bloating and cramping and that's because your body isn't used to all of that fiber so how much fiber should you be eating every day for women it's recommended to have about 25 grams of fiber coming from naturally occurring foods and for men it's recommended to have 38 grams of fiber so if you can get to that on a daily basis that is a great target and so a lot of people go and they take a fiber pill or they drink metamucil and they think okay this is how i'm gonna get my fiber but the truth is there's so many tasty and easy naturally occurring ways to get your fiber intake i'm gonna go through some of the top foods that are high in fiber you can start incorporating into your daily lifestyle today lentils are full of fiber they're super inexpensive and they go great in salads and soups and just as a side and if you're vegan you're already eating it because you know it has a ton of essential protein in it but it's also a great source of fiber one cup of cooked lentils has 15 and a half grams of fiber in it kidney beans are also really high in fiber one cup contains about 11 grams of fiber and just like lentils kidney beans are a great way to add in fiber and protein and essential nutrients and it's really cost effective chickpeas are packed with fiber and protein one cup of cooked chickpeas contains 12 and a half grams of fiber they also contain a ton of helpful nutrients and they're a great way to maintain your weight or lose weight because they have a lot of fiber to the amount of calories that are in them quinoa is a tasty and healthy high protein high fiber food that is gluten free one cup of cooked quinoa has about 5.2 grams of fiber avocados are also a great source they have 13 grams of fiber per avocado so then one serving of that avocado is gonna have about five grams of fiber they also have both soluble and insoluble fiber plus they taste delicious and they're a great source of healthy fats rice is another way to get your fiber brown rice has more fiber than white rice because it still contains that outer husk one cup of cooked brown rice has about three and a half grams of fiber whereas one cup of cooked white rice has .6 grams of fiber whole grain bread like we talked about before is also another great source just make sure you're looking for bread that at a minimum has per slice three grams of fiber because you might be buying whole wheat bread that actually doesn't have any fiber in it so you really need to pay attention to those labels i love dave's killer breads because they are not only delicious they're also super high in fiber and protein pears are really high in fiber especially that outer skin they're really one of the best fruits out there as far as fiber goes and that's because in a medium sized pair there's about five and a half grams of fiber and strawberries are also a good source and because of their size they are such a nutrient-dense food they contain three grams of fiber per one cup of strawberries plus you get a ton of antioxidants and vitamin c with strawberries so i definitely encourage strawberries as well apples are also great and a medium-sized apple has about four and a half grams of fiber and like we talked about before the soluble fiber in apples is going to have that pectin which is going to be really great to helping you stay fuller longer raspberries are awesome a cup of raspberries has 8 grams of fiber plus it has manganese and vitamin c so those are also very nutrient dense plus they're also low in sugar a medium-sized banana has about 3.1 grams of fiber so i love freezing them and then adding them to my protein shakes to have that added fiber in my protein shake as well plus compared to raspberries they actually have a high sugar content so they work as a great natural sweetener carrots are also high in fiber as well as other root vegetables carrots are low in calories high in essential nutrients and vitamins and minerals and one medium carrot has about two grams of fiber sweet potatoes are also a great option and one cup of cooked sweet potatoes has about four grams of fiber just make sure to also eat that skin on the sweet potato because it is highly nutritious it's going to give you all those extra nutrients and that added insoluble fiber beets are awesome not only do they help regulate your blood pressure and help reduce inflammation they also contain fiber so one cup of cooked beets has about 3.8 grams of fiber broccoli is a super nutritious cancer-fighting high-protein high-fiber cruciferous vegetable i love broccoli and have it all the time one cup of broccoli has about two and a half grams of fiber brussels sprouts are also high in fiber one cup has about four grams of fiber in them plus they're high in cancer-fighting antioxidants and also other vitamins and minerals and potassium oats are a great soluble fiber to include one cup of raw oats contains about 16.8 grams of fiber which is crazy so then when you cook that and it expands you're going to have a little bit less when you're cooking it i recommend looking for steel cut oats old-fashioned notes or rolled oats because those are going to have the most fiber content because they are the least processed almonds are really high fiber nuts they have 3.4 grams of fiber per ounce other nuts like pistachios and walnuts are also high in fiber chia seeds are super high as well just one ounce of chia seeds has a whopping 10.6 grams of fiber so those are definitely power packed and actually dark chocolate is a really great source of fiber one ounce of dark chocolate has 3.1 grams of fiber in it so check out the video on the seven foods i eat every day to see how i incorporate a ton of these different foods into my daily routine for extra fiber and i will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @laceybaier_ [88 likes]: What's your fave high-fiber food from the video?  Did I leave one out you love?
  2. @HustleLifee [8 likes]: 3:43 is when she finally get's to the list.  I'll save you even more time by just listing the list as well....
1. Lentils
2. Kidney beans 
3. Chickpeas
4. Quinoa
5. Advocados
6. Brown rice 
7. Whole grain bread 
8. Pears 
9. Strawberries 
10. Apples
11. Raspberries 
12. Bananas
13. Carrots and other root veggies
14. Sweet potatoes, preferably with skin
15. Beets
16. Broccoli
17. Brussels sprouts 
18. Oats (steel cut/old fashion/rolled)
19. Almonds/pistachio/walnuts 
20. Chia seeds
21. Dark chocolate
  3. @harleybrito9629: 2:12 blink!
2:21 AGAIN!!!
2:26 aaaaaalmost
  4. @SHANECatLovingGenXHistorian: daves killer bread made me feel like i was dying
  5. @Gina-b6d: Water melon
  6. @Gina-b6d: Kiwi veggy soup....and water and apple tonite 😁
  7. @lanternlightwoodworx: lost me at "peepes"
  8. @Gina-b6d: Pig tails and a back braid would look wicked my chick
  9. @djroydj7857: nice work
  10. @kmack4129: Starting a new journey thank you for this
  11. @cc4261: For me it is an apple a day that really really helps me.
  12. @reddymahender9618: How does everyone else have missed millets....there are at least 10 different types of millets and all of them have at least 8% of fibre and they are a nutritional powerhouse ...below are some of them 

Foxtail millet
Browtop 
Barnyard 
Kodo
Little millet
Sorghum
Finger millet 
Proso millet 
Pearl millet

We can have them like rice or porridge as one meal replacement ...rotation is the key in millets
  13. @Gina-b6d: Fiber is sexiness
  14. @yamama11234: agar agar powder  No 1. 0 carb    super cheap.   i mix 5 gram in my drink before every meal.  whay do u think ??
  15. @Gina-b6d: Does she ever wear sweaterz..¿¿?
  16. @annettegonzales36: I saw her blink 2 times
  17. @JohnCONORt1000: Her eyes OO 😊 thank you for the information ❤
  18. @laghariirfanali5778: Good work
  19. @KnowKnewKnowledge: Great work!!!!!
  20. @sarahhobbs7866: OMG this is sooo helpful.  Thank you

- How to Get 25 Grams of Fiber Into Your Low-Carb Diet: Kind: captions Language: en fiber is an essential part of a well formulated low-carb diet but most fiber sources are carbohydrates in this video I will show you how easy it can be to keep fiber in your low carb diet hi I'm dr. Becky from dr. Becky Fitness comm I'm a college instructor of the science of nutrition fiber is vital for good gut health controlling hunger keeping your blood sugar low which is a central goal for low-carb dieters but fiber comes from plant foods and plant foods contain carbohydrates so you'll need to be particular about the food choices you make to be sure that you're getting enough fiber without getting too many carbs now if you've been following me and you've learned my zero one two three strategy you might already understand how easy this can be if you don't know my zero one two three strategy yet you can learn it for free by following the links here on the video or down below in the description area but basically the one and two of the strategy keep fiber in your diet because one stands for one large salad and two stands for two cups of cooked non starchy vegetables non starchy vegetables have a good fiber to carb ratio and they add volume to your stomach so if you have a salad at lunch and you add more veggies at dinner they give your hunger one-two punch throughout the day which makes it easier to avoid afternoon and evening snacking so let's work through a practical example when I make a large salad I fill a bowl with four cups of dark leafy salad greens they provide a lot of volume but only has forty calories six grams of carbs and two fiber grams when you add foods that have both fat and fiber to your salad you not only have a delicious meal that will just obliterate hunger but you also enhance the absorption of the nutrients from the salad so health benefits are multiplied so for instance if you add two tablespoons of walnuts two tablespoons of pumpkin seeds and a whole avocado you get 17 grams of fiber and only 27 grams of carbs if you then add 2 cups of non starchy vegetables at dinner you're up to 21 grams of fiber with very little effort and so you know what right now with just a very basic salad and 2 cups of cooked veggies you are only four grams away from 25 grams which get you into the healthy range for daily fiber a simple way to add more fiber to a low-carb diet is to add psyllium husk powder I like to use an organic brand because psyllium can be subjected to a lot of pesticides and chemicals psyllium husk is nice because it easily dissolves in water so if you drink a teaspoon of psyllium husk powder dissolved in water during the day your fiber count for the day climbs to 25 which is right where you want to be okay well I hope this helps show you that eating a healthy balanced low-carb diet does not have to be elaborate or hard I encourage you to learn my zero one two three strategy it is the way you can keep fiber in your low carb diet and it will get you started toward healthy weight loss so I will leave the links here on the video thanks for watching if you are not already subscribed please click the subscribe button and I will be back soon with another video to help you reach your goal thanks you

  Top Comments:
  1. @aiahzohar5636 [7 likes]: I've done keto for years. No matter what, I have difficulty hitting the fiber I need to be regular and feel good. I'm a petite woman but still feel better with AT LEAST 35g fiber/day. There's no way I can limit carbs to 25g/day and do that. Supplements (psillium husk...) also don't "do it" for me. So I've had to massively pump up my fibrous vegetables servings per day (15+), including leafy green salads. At lest with lots of fresh vegetables, I don't get hungry between meals. 

Also, when traveling abroad in developing countries, it's hard for me to stick to very low carb. But I can usually compromise with lots of fibrous vegetables like cabbage... I guess I'm just not built for super-low carb diets.
  2. @beckygillaspy [3 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  3. @mimachka [2 likes]: You got to 21g because of the avocado which is 13g. If we take it out it will be very hard to get to 21g.
  4. @deborahhopper1070 [1 likes]: A good way to add more fiber with Non starchy vegetables, thank you.
  5. @yamama11234: inulin good ??  15g. a day ?
  6. @saberabegum9202: Thank you so much very helpful for you have any individual recepies playlist for good recepies if yes please share the link dear
  7. @Arcadia61: Well, all I can say is, I've been on a carnivore diet for eight months during which time I've consumed zero grams of fibre and guess what, I've never felt better.  Blood pressure down, joint pain gone,  Bowel movements clean and easy though not daily since there's so little waste.  People who have been years on no fibre and have had their biome checked have found only good and diverse bacteria present.
  8. @RayleighCriterion: Untrue, fiber is completely unnecessary and in a study done on fiber, only those on a zero fiber diet had no issue and were never constipated, but the fiber people were constipated. The video is Dr Paul Mason on the Low Carb Down Under channel and the video is From fibre to the microbiome
  9. @1ACL: If one is a vegetarian,  how to get protein without carbs???
  10. @hawktchr8: Doesn’t work if you’re staying under 25 grams of carbs daily :( I’m struggling (and I realize this is 5 years old) to find fiber and low carb going together.
  11. @mbbeautea6986: If you boost your fiber from low to high, another really important piece is making sure you stay hydrated. Drink some room temperature water 1st thing in the morning & try adding a tbsp of ACV (apple cider vinegar) with it. Really good for your gut & will help regulate your blood sugar throughout the day. 16-32 oz of water before your morning coffee, it really helps start your day right. Psyllium husk: drink it as fast as you can!! 😂
  12. @nathans5755: Thanks but how do we get to 38
  13. @Esopusfloater: Where is the psyllium recommendation? How to get enough fat if you don’t eat meat and dairy?
  14. @rochellegarcia4849: ao the avocado has so much fiber!
  15. @gloria9307: Thank you so much for this! I just hired a dietician to come up with a low carb diet with at least 25 grams of fiber and they said it couldn't be done!😳
  16. @philais: Fiber is not essential
  17. @debstayblessed9549: Distinguish between soluble and insoluble fiber. Please and thank you.
  18. @squareheadjack1918: Who cares about fiber? Stop pretending it’s healthy. It’s unnecessary.
  19. @dmcalister4505: Can you just pound down 5-6 tsps of psyllium husk?
  20. @jimivey6462: Jerry Mathers offers advice on increasing fiber in your diet. Check out his YouTube channel LEAVE IT TO BEAVER.

- EASY High Protein Snacks For Weight Loss | Low Carb | Low Calorie | Healthy: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel I'm Myra&nbsp; from low carb love now for those of you that&nbsp;&nbsp; don't know me I've lost over 100 pounds and&nbsp; I've been maintaining my weight for over 15&nbsp;&nbsp; years so today I want to show you some of&nbsp; the snacks that I've eaten throughout the&nbsp;&nbsp; years that can hopefully help you stay on&nbsp; track while still enjoying little snacks&nbsp;&nbsp; throughout the day okay so I just got my&nbsp; shiming from Thrive and I feel like it's&nbsp;&nbsp; just a great day to make this video because&nbsp; I have everything in my kitchen so come on&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go down there I'm going to show you&nbsp; and show you all this deliciousness [Music] okay so I laid everything out so that you can see&nbsp; everything I ordered from Thrive I don't know if&nbsp;&nbsp; you've heard of Thrive but Thrive is an online&nbsp; membership Market I've been using them for years&nbsp;&nbsp; they're absolutely amazing makes everything super&nbsp; convenient they're delivered straight to my door&nbsp;&nbsp; you're guaranteed a savings I love them because&nbsp; they do carry like a lot of specialty ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; and whether you're vegan keto paleo like they have&nbsp; something for everyone right now they're offering&nbsp;&nbsp; 30% off plus a free gift up to $60 they're&nbsp; absolutely amazing I highly recommend them&nbsp;&nbsp; but I'll leave the link in the description below&nbsp; for you to check them out so let me clear this&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff up so that I can show you some of the snacks&nbsp; that have really helped me not only lose weight&nbsp;&nbsp; but also maintain my weight for over 15 years&nbsp; so remember snacking doesn't have to be boring&nbsp;&nbsp; I love my snacks I love my desserts so I'm going&nbsp; to put some of the things together that I like to&nbsp;&nbsp; snack on throughout the week I'm just is going to&nbsp; um show you something that's like a little more&nbsp;&nbsp; between like a lunch and snack this is just one&nbsp; of my favorites I don't know if you've ever had&nbsp;&nbsp; like a homemade kind of California roll in a bowl&nbsp; so this is how I make my version that's super easy&nbsp;&nbsp; literal tuna can so first things first I just&nbsp; add my tuna now you can also make it kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; like Ceviche style where you add a little bit of&nbsp; tomato cilantro onion lemon juice but but I really&nbsp;&nbsp; like it like a like I mentioned like a California&nbsp; roll so I do a little light mail a little bit of sriracha the tuna doesn't have salt so I add a&nbsp; little bit of salt and pepper and then just give&nbsp;&nbsp; this a good little mix so this here is a little&nbsp; tuna salad and it is loaded with protein so one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the things that I always think about like even&nbsp; with snacks is like how is this snack going to&nbsp;&nbsp; nourish my body so even if it's chips I still make&nbsp; sure that I'm putting some type of nutrients in my&nbsp;&nbsp; body I also think protein I also think healthy&nbsp; fats because protein and healthy fats are going&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep you feeling satiated love me my little&nbsp; seaweed so this is sometimes like my little this&nbsp;&nbsp; is like more of a mini lunch or something like&nbsp; that I also love to add a little bit of kimchi&nbsp;&nbsp; or Ginger kimchi is really really good for your&nbsp; your gut in case you didn't know so put that&nbsp;&nbsp; right here on the side and this here is a very&nbsp; nutritious little healthy snack so we have our&nbsp;&nbsp; tuna salad a little bit of seaweed and then our&nbsp; kimchi what I like to do is just grab kimchi grab&nbsp;&nbsp; my little seaweed and then just kind of like&nbsp; a little taco or little burrito but that's it cheers m to me it tastes like I'm having like a&nbsp; little Sushi it's so quick to make you saw me just&nbsp;&nbsp; literally throw everything in there and this is&nbsp; still just a snack it's 130 calories I added some&nbsp;&nbsp; light mail Sriracha you know this entire plate&nbsp; is less than 200 calories versus having like a&nbsp;&nbsp; little mini protein bar that you're still going&nbsp; to feel hungry you're not going to feel like you&nbsp;&nbsp; just had like food you get what I'm saying so I&nbsp; always think like how can I feel satiated How can&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel like I like more satisfied and this to me&nbsp; is better like this is a better snack than having&nbsp;&nbsp; just like a little protein bar don't get me wrong&nbsp; sometimes I have protein bars when I'm on the run&nbsp;&nbsp; but this right here in my book just sits like&nbsp; a lot better with me okay so another really big&nbsp;&nbsp; snacky item chips now here's the thing about chips&nbsp; chips are usually made with horrible oils okay and&nbsp;&nbsp; I say horrible because they are literally horrible&nbsp; for our gut now now I say this all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's the truth 70% of our immune system&nbsp; lives in our gut so if you are having issues all&nbsp;&nbsp; over you know just with different whether it's&nbsp; inflammation or bloating like you really need&nbsp;&nbsp; to focus on your gut and a huge Factor are seed&nbsp; oils so like soybean oil grape seed oil sunflower&nbsp;&nbsp; canola vegetable all of those oils are super&nbsp; inflammatory and a lot of the chips that you see&nbsp;&nbsp; out there whether they're like Doritos or lays or&nbsp; whatever are all made with those oils so there's&nbsp;&nbsp; very very very few companies that are frying&nbsp; their chips or making their chips with avocado&nbsp;&nbsp; oil or olive oil sometimes it'll say it but if&nbsp; you look at the ingredients you will see that&nbsp;&nbsp; there are other oils so these chips that I grab on&nbsp; Thrive are from C these are made with avocado oil&nbsp;&nbsp; which is of course a healthy oil that is not going&nbsp; to cause inflammation in our gut these are great&nbsp;&nbsp; I also love these little broccoli fettes I like&nbsp; the broccoli I like the shashido peppers um you&nbsp;&nbsp; can grab all of those as well for me personally&nbsp; I still eat them but for sure this is more of a&nbsp;&nbsp; treat like this is not something that I'm eating&nbsp; daily but if I am eating them then I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; pair it with a dip that has healthy fat so like&nbsp; this here bitching sauce if you've been following&nbsp;&nbsp; me for a while you know this is one of my favorite&nbsp; sauces it is made with almonds so almonds are a&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy fat so when I eat these together or I eat&nbsp; these together it actually just makes me feel nice&nbsp;&nbsp; and satiated for about a couple hours because&nbsp; of the fat and then remember these are also made&nbsp;&nbsp; with avocado oil so you also have the healthy fats&nbsp; that these chips are fried in and remember pair it&nbsp;&nbsp; with something fatty like something like avocado&nbsp; almonds cheese something of that nature because&nbsp;&nbsp; that'll just keep you full a little longer and&nbsp; um then we also have our salsa that just makes&nbsp;&nbsp; it nice and spicy and it just tastes delicious&nbsp; now another thing that I absolutely love to eat&nbsp;&nbsp; and love to make is little mini shuder boards so&nbsp; olives healthy fats mixed nuts and then I also&nbsp;&nbsp; love um to include my protein so you can't have&nbsp; a Sherie board without some type of protein right&nbsp;&nbsp; whether it's like salami or turkey so I like&nbsp; adding little beef sticks because AI you have&nbsp;&nbsp; more protein these are lean so you figure you're&nbsp; adding two then you're up to 8 g of protein you&nbsp;&nbsp; have some nuts that have 6 g of protein so when&nbsp; I do a sh cudie board I'm thinking protein fats&nbsp;&nbsp; because that's what's going to keep me full the&nbsp; longest and I love meat cheese olives all this&nbsp;&nbsp; together sometimes I add a little bit of chocolate&nbsp; because I mean you know you have a lot of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Savory salty and then a little sweet not only is&nbsp; this low carb high in protein great healthy fats&nbsp;&nbsp; a snack like this will keep you nice and full&nbsp; for hours whether you're watching a movie or&nbsp;&nbsp; you're just kind of hanging out or you're having&nbsp; like a girl dinner you know you hear people talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about it all the time this is like the perfect&nbsp; girl dinner so if I wanted to throw something&nbsp;&nbsp; else in there I'm telling you it would just be&nbsp; a little sweet component but this right here is literally everything in life right here one little&nbsp; board now I came up with this snacky idea on a day&nbsp;&nbsp; where I didn't have much to eat and I was like&nbsp; okay again protein I want something that's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep me nice and full but I still wanted it&nbsp; to be nice and tasty and super easy because I&nbsp;&nbsp; was like you know I'm always kind of on the go&nbsp; go go now don't be afraid of jalapenos I know&nbsp;&nbsp; you're probably like no I cannot take spice so&nbsp; what I do depending on my mood cuz sometimes I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not really in the mood for something spicy I take&nbsp; this completely out okay so let me just take this&nbsp;&nbsp; little vein out okay so I took out the seeds&nbsp; from the Jalapeno seeds and veins just to be&nbsp;&nbsp; on the safe side then I like to stuff it with a&nbsp; little bit of chicken or deli meat or whatever I&nbsp;&nbsp; have on hand right and then healthy fats avocado&nbsp; is always my go-to because they are super healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; and um they give a creaminess to any dish so&nbsp; sometimes like if you don't want to use may&nbsp;&nbsp; you can to totally use avocado in replacement of&nbsp; mayo and then I'm going to add a sauce because&nbsp;&nbsp; I usually like to do Sriracha mustard a little&nbsp; um cilantro sauce right now I have the buffalo&nbsp;&nbsp; ranch this one is from Primal also very clean&nbsp; ingredients but then I just you can do a dip&nbsp;&nbsp; you know if you want to just dip your little&nbsp; Halo but if not just do like a little drizzle&nbsp;&nbsp; okay I'm going to be honest this is just one I&nbsp; will for sure I would eat like three of these&nbsp;&nbsp; okay but this is just an example of how I put&nbsp; it together I eat this again Protein healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; fats super delicious nice and crunchy so I'm like&nbsp; a texture girl as well so you get the crunch from&nbsp;&nbsp; the jalapeno you get the protein so you have that&nbsp; substance and then the creaminess from the avocado&nbsp;&nbsp; plus that little sauce on top just takes it over&nbsp; the top and this is a delicious little snack that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can feel good about eating you're going to&nbsp; nourish your body body and I feel like it's just&nbsp;&nbsp; like a fun little kind of like finger foods you&nbsp; know what I mean now for my snacky snacks like&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the stuff that I literally will only have&nbsp; once in a while I don't know about you I've always&nbsp;&nbsp; been a huge popcorn fan now these little guys&nbsp; right here I'll be honest I will at least have&nbsp;&nbsp; two of these for sure the good thing about these&nbsp; 50 calories and only five carbs so I love lesser&nbsp;&nbsp; evil because they are made with coconut oil not&nbsp; like a seed oil like canola soybeans sunflower any&nbsp;&nbsp; of that and then you already know C super clean&nbsp; ingredients Ceta is always made with avocado oil&nbsp;&nbsp; I can guarantee that so super clean ingredients&nbsp; cassava flour coconut sugar these are also not&nbsp;&nbsp; super low in carbs but they are super clean and&nbsp; then we also have chocolates because let's be&nbsp;&nbsp; real chocolate is delicious and I know there's&nbsp; some people that don't don't like chocolate and&nbsp;&nbsp; like for the life of me I cannot understand it but&nbsp; hey it is what it is and I love Hugh chocolates&nbsp;&nbsp; Hue is one of the cleanest Brands out there and&nbsp; this is a milk chocolate six ingredients to make&nbsp;&nbsp; a whole chocolate bar that is right up my alley&nbsp; that is speaking to my heart and my soul I love&nbsp;&nbsp; these hunks these are chocolate covered cashews&nbsp; same scenario super super clean so whenever I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; doing movie night I'm going into the pantry&nbsp; that has all the goodies great for when you&nbsp;&nbsp; have friends and family over and you guys are just&nbsp; like sitting down talking chatting it's also just&nbsp;&nbsp; like a good little snack to bring out for the fam&nbsp; that is also nutritious and healthy but for the&nbsp;&nbsp; most part like I like to serve the people that I&nbsp; love and the people that I care for healthy clean&nbsp;&nbsp; Foods as well because yeah I just feel kind of&nbsp; guilty to be honest with you so these are pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; much the snacks that I have made that I have&nbsp; snacked on over the years all the way up until&nbsp;&nbsp; now that have helped me not only lose the weight&nbsp; but also maintained it for the past 15 years so&nbsp;&nbsp; I hope it was helpful for you if you like this&nbsp; video make sure you hit that like button don't&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to hit the little bell notification so that&nbsp; you're reminded every time I post a video and if&nbsp;&nbsp; you have friends and family that you think these&nbsp; videos would be really helpful please share share&nbsp;&nbsp; my channel share this video because you never&nbsp; know you never know it might be really helpful&nbsp;&nbsp; for them but thank you so much for being here&nbsp; I love you and I will see you on my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @tonyspencer9350 [3 likes]: You're a smart lady. I didn't consume as much as you are showing, but I needed to lose 80 pounds before my daughter's wedding. I averaged around 800 calories a day, about 85g of carbs, and kept myself in a constant state of ketosis. I succeeded in my goal. My doctor was very impressed. A four-month diet.
  2. @sosaadanks [2 likes]: THE WAY MY JAW DROPPED when yu said the tuna snack was 130 calories!
  3. @theresaarambula: i think she portion controls more then anything because tuna was processed chips regardless of oils is processed so she must eat light n workout
  4. @bnb5fgsd: This made my day better.
  5. @nam-q1i: This content is very useful.
  6. @nicolasmuriel8518: This is a commercial not a recommendation...
  7. @jsilly14: you mentioned that grapeseed oil is inflammatory and then one of the next foods you recommended (the bitchin' sauce) has grapeseed oil in it... lol but i do agree siete chips are awesome and have been a great replacement for me.
  8. @radiumlyte: these are keto friendly foods.  I use siete taco seasoning b/c it doesn't have maltodextrin in it like the other brands do.  thanks for sharing!
  9. @kyliemay3156: I would make up that tuna salad and put it on cauliflower rice
  10. @pattigavagan9333: I love seaweed . I need to buy some Kimichi for it
  11. @patcummings6950: Heard Thrive and decided to pass.  Looking for snacks to make without spending a bunch of bucks.
  12. @fishmut: I just don’t get why people still got to add crappy sauces and fake flavours to healthy dishes , and people say these are healthy weight lose foods with crap added , just my 2 cents worth , I see it in many video on you tube.
  13. @आवारा-ज8ण: Shame u lost all that weight 😔 now its nothing there to grab onto 😔
  14. @taniacancel7350: Phenomenal video thanks Bella!!!
  15. @ameliastelmach148: Just dont snack! Its simple
  16. @Amansharma-v6: I struggled with weight gain until I found the best: Alpino Rolled Oats and peanut butter! High protein helps me build muscle, while fiber helps me maintain weight. Delicious, with no added sugar. @alpinohealthfoods Perfect for tasty weight loss!
  17. @deeppicturexyzofficial: Alpino's chocolate oats and peanut butter are the best. The fiber keeps my digestion happy, and they keep me full with good protein intake. Plus, they're ridiculously delicious without added sugar. Perfect for anyone craving tasty weight loss!
  18. @devanshgotmare8166: I recently tried @alpinohealthfoods Rolled Oats and Peanut Butter, and it changed my weight loss game! Packed with protein, fiber, and deliciousness, they're the perfect solution for anyone wanting to lose weight without giving up taste.
  19. @DecoYT-96: Alpino's chocolate oats and peanut butter are the best. The fiber keeps my digestion happy, and they keep me full with good protein intake. Plus, they're ridiculously delicious without added sugar. Perfect for anyone craving tasty weight loss!
@alpinohealthfoods
  20. @ashleyquinsay9523: I recently came across your channel, and have recently subscribed. Thank you for new inspiration and snack ideas as I try to navigate away from seed oils and excessive added sugars.

- 20 Top Foods to Eat on a Ketogenic Diet: Kind: captions Language: en what are the best foods to eat&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet today we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be talking about the top&nbsp; 20. just because a food is high&nbsp;&nbsp; in fat and low in carbohydrates does not&nbsp; necessarily mean it's good for Keto [Music] hey guys welcome back to my channel if you're new&nbsp; here my name is Kait I'm a certified health and&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrition coach I post videos twice a week here&nbsp; on YouTube talking all things insulin resistance&nbsp;&nbsp; weight loss sleep and more so if you're ready to&nbsp; take control of your metabolic kelp make sure to&nbsp;&nbsp; click that subscribe button and you can also find&nbsp; me on Tick Tock and Instagram or if you're new&nbsp;&nbsp; posts every single day now if you're new to the&nbsp; keto diet it can feel overwhelming you might feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like you have to give up a lot of your favorite&nbsp; foods but I promise you it's not as difficult and&nbsp;&nbsp; not as restrictive as it might seem once you get&nbsp; over that initial learning curve of figuring out&nbsp;&nbsp; what foods you can eat it becomes really easy&nbsp; to stick to and this is partially because the&nbsp;&nbsp; foods you eat on keto are so satiating feelings&nbsp; of intense hunger are often unheard of and this&nbsp;&nbsp; is because restricting carbo hydrates in the diet&nbsp; changes the way your body Burns energy instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; using mainly carbohydrates for energy which are a&nbsp; quick energy source but our bodies can only store&nbsp;&nbsp; a limited amount our bodies burn fat for energy&nbsp; instead even someone who is very lean has over 100&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 calories worth of energy stored in fat that&nbsp; they're carrying around now this metabolic state&nbsp;&nbsp; where you're burning mainly fat for energy&nbsp; is known as ketosis and yes low carb diets&nbsp;&nbsp; are great for weight loss but the benefits don't&nbsp; end there they increase your mental focus they&nbsp;&nbsp; decrease inflammation and they can also help with&nbsp; regulating blood sugar and insulin and these are&nbsp;&nbsp; benefits that can help a lot of people but with&nbsp; that let's get into the top 20 foods you can eat&nbsp;&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet number 20 chicken thigh now&nbsp; we're starting off the list today with chicken&nbsp;&nbsp; thigh and thighs specifically because when&nbsp; you're eating keto you really need to make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure you're eating enough and not just lean&nbsp; protein on its own now if you've watched any&nbsp;&nbsp; of my other videos I'm sure you will have heard me&nbsp; talk about how important protein is how it is the&nbsp;&nbsp; most important macronutrient most people are under&nbsp; consuming protein and this leads to side effects&nbsp;&nbsp; including muscle loss which is extremely&nbsp; concerning especially as we age and a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of people who eat keto they tend to fear eating&nbsp; too much protein because they think that it will&nbsp;&nbsp; automatically be turned to glucose if they eat too&nbsp; much well this is and isn't the case the body will&nbsp;&nbsp; only turn excess protein that you consume into&nbsp; glucose and cause a blood sugar rise if number&nbsp;&nbsp; one you are very insulin resistant and number two&nbsp; you're not eating that protein with enough fat&nbsp;&nbsp; someone metabolically healthy can eat lean protein&nbsp; and not have any issue with it raising their blood&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar but someone with type 2 diabetes if they&nbsp; eat the exact same thing so a lean source of&nbsp;&nbsp; protein with not enough fat this can cause&nbsp; that person's blood sugar to rise and this&nbsp;&nbsp; is because the second person's body is not used&nbsp; to burning fat for energy it's reliant on carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; so when it doesn't get them instead of using body&nbsp; fat for energy it turns some of the excess protein&nbsp;&nbsp; to glucose but if you eat enough fat with that&nbsp; protein this doesn't happen you won't have the&nbsp;&nbsp; blood sugar issue anyways all of that is to say&nbsp; that eating fatty meat is better than eating lean&nbsp;&nbsp; meat and when it comes to chicken thigh with&nbsp; the skin on is one of the best options number&nbsp;&nbsp; 19 coconut milk coconut milk both tinned and in&nbsp; a carton is great for keto the tinned ones will&nbsp;&nbsp; be thicker and higher in fat you can use these&nbsp; in cooking or even add a spoonful to a smoothie&nbsp;&nbsp; or coffee again fat is important on keto the&nbsp; carton version is good if you're looking for&nbsp;&nbsp; a milk alternative because when it comes to almond&nbsp; milk and other nut milks most of these have added&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetable oil which is extremely inflammatory and&nbsp; can lessen the benefits of Keto not to mention a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot have added sugar which again obviously not&nbsp; great for keto but coconut milk has a lot of fat&nbsp;&nbsp; that occurs naturally so usually it doesn't have&nbsp; these added oils and sugars on top of that one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the main types of fat that's found in coconuts&nbsp; known as MCTS can actually boost ketosis it can&nbsp;&nbsp; boost fat burning and it is fantastic for keto&nbsp; number 18 macadamia nuts these are my favorite&nbsp;&nbsp; nuts to recommend for keto number one they are the&nbsp; best tasting in my opinion but number two the type&nbsp;&nbsp; of fat they contain is a bit better than other&nbsp; types of nuts so almonds for example are pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; high in polyunsaturated fat which itself isn't bad&nbsp; but in high quantities it can cause inflammation&nbsp;&nbsp; which is why some people who use a lot of almond&nbsp; flour on keto sometimes don't get the best results&nbsp;&nbsp; but macadamia nuts are higher in monounsaturated&nbsp; fat Which is less inflammatory not saying that&nbsp;&nbsp; almonds are bad they're not but out of all&nbsp; the nuts macadamias are the best option&nbsp;&nbsp; number 17 cauliflower this one I feel like is&nbsp; self-explanatory if you've seen any keto shopping&nbsp;&nbsp; list or a lot of Keto recipes cauliflower is&nbsp; almost always included it's low in carbs and&nbsp;&nbsp; super versatile you can make cauliflower rice&nbsp; mashed cauliflower or of course stir fry it or&nbsp;&nbsp; roast it number 16 berries a great option for&nbsp; keto because they are lower in sugar and carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; than other types of fruit blueberries raspberries&nbsp; strawberries blackberries all are good options for&nbsp;&nbsp; Keta number 14 Greek yogurt I love Greek yogurt&nbsp; because it's high in fat and protein and usually&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty low in carbohydrates other yogurts tend to&nbsp; be lower in protein which doesn't make them bad&nbsp;&nbsp; but once again fat and protein are very important&nbsp; on keto so if you have the option a plain Greek&nbsp;&nbsp; yogurt is going to be my top recommendation next&nbsp; in line would be any plain yogurt but avoid ones&nbsp;&nbsp; that are flavored because these usually have a ton&nbsp; of added sugar number 13 zucchinis another great&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb vegetable again super versatile low in&nbsp; carbs some people like to make noodles out of them&nbsp;&nbsp; which I honestly really enjoy as a replacement to&nbsp; spaghetti I think they taste absolutely great when&nbsp;&nbsp; they've been sauteed with a little bit of olive&nbsp; oil so good number 12 oysters now I wanted to&nbsp;&nbsp; throw oysters in here because they are super super&nbsp; nutritious they do contain a few carbs per oyster&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a lot higher than most other Seafood&nbsp; which has no carbs or next to no carbs but I think&nbsp;&nbsp; for the extra nutritional value including the&nbsp; extremely high amount of zinc in them it's worth&nbsp;&nbsp; the trade-off number 11 olives now olives are&nbsp; actually a fruit which surprises a lot of people&nbsp;&nbsp; they are great for keto because they are a fatty&nbsp; fruit that is also low in carbs and they're a&nbsp;&nbsp; great addition to almost any meal at any time&nbsp; of day you can have them with breakfast lunch&nbsp;&nbsp; or dinner or you can have them just on their own&nbsp; they are so good for keto number 10 olive oil and&nbsp;&nbsp; continuing that thought olive oil is also great&nbsp; for keto now we spoke about monounsaturated fat&nbsp;&nbsp; earlier when we were talking about macadamia&nbsp; nuts and olive oil is mainly comprised of&nbsp;&nbsp; monounsaturated fat now I will say that it is&nbsp; best to be used at room temperature so putting&nbsp;&nbsp; it on a salad or on cooked meat or if you're&nbsp; cooking something at a low temperature such&nbsp;&nbsp; as eggs if you heat it too much it's going&nbsp; to oxidize and consuming oxidized oils is&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely inflammatory I won't talk too much&nbsp; about this today I have a whole video on why&nbsp;&nbsp; consuming oxidized oils is bad and how to avoid&nbsp; them which I'm going to link up above so check&nbsp;&nbsp; that out if you want to know a little bit more&nbsp; number nine grass-fed butter grass-fed butter&nbsp;&nbsp; is great for keto we spoke about MCTS before when&nbsp; we were talking about coconut milk and butter and&nbsp;&nbsp; dairy products actually contain some MCTS as&nbsp; well although not as much as coconut coconut&nbsp;&nbsp; really is King when it comes to MCTS grass-fed&nbsp; butter is great for low temperature cooking or&nbsp;&nbsp; adding to any vegetables or cooked meat after it's&nbsp; been cooked but it does also have another really&nbsp;&nbsp; great use which comes as a surprise to some&nbsp; people it's really good if you put it in your&nbsp;&nbsp; coffee if you've ever put butter in your coffee&nbsp; let me know in the comment section down below&nbsp;&nbsp; number eight is broccoli this is another low carb&nbsp; vegetable that's super versatile if you're looking&nbsp;&nbsp; for a way to bulk up your meals then broccoli is a&nbsp; great option number seven cheese cheese is another&nbsp;&nbsp; great keto food most types of cheese are very&nbsp; low in carbs and higher in protein and fat with&nbsp;&nbsp; a few exceptions some softer cheeses are a bit&nbsp; higher in carbs so those might not be the best&nbsp;&nbsp; option if you're consuming a lot of them but in&nbsp; general cheese is great cheese also contains some&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrients like calcium vitamin K2 and D3 which&nbsp; can be really hard to get from other types of&nbsp;&nbsp; food calcium especially if you don't eat dairy but&nbsp; it is really really important even more so when&nbsp;&nbsp; we're on low carb ketogenic diets it's important&nbsp; to get enough electrolytes because we lose more of&nbsp;&nbsp; them when we're in ketosis and calcium of course&nbsp; is an electrolyte and while we're on this topic&nbsp;&nbsp; I just really want to highlight the importance of&nbsp; electrolytes a lot of the symptoms of the keto flu&nbsp;&nbsp; are actually caused by an electrolyte imbalance&nbsp; so it's a pretty easy fix if you can get more&nbsp;&nbsp; electrolytes in then most people won't experience&nbsp; most of the symptoms of the keto flu I always&nbsp;&nbsp; recommend supplementing electrolytes especially&nbsp; when you're first starting a keto diet sodi is&nbsp;&nbsp; one brand which I personally use and absolutely&nbsp; love their everyday hydration salts are formulated&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically for low carb diets and they contain&nbsp; no sugar or artificial ingredients you can buy&nbsp;&nbsp; them in the tub or in individual packets trust me&nbsp; if you are experiencing low energy and fatigue and&nbsp;&nbsp; headaches when you're first starting keto or even&nbsp; if you've been doing it for a while supplement&nbsp;&nbsp; electrolytes this could very likely be the problem&nbsp; and adding them in it can make such a difference&nbsp;&nbsp; I will put the link to check out Saudi in the&nbsp; description box down below along with the promo&nbsp;&nbsp; code to save 15 number six is ghee so ghee is&nbsp; butter that has had all of the protein removed it&nbsp;&nbsp; has a lot of the same benefits of butter but also&nbsp; a higher smoke point so if you're doing any high&nbsp;&nbsp; temperature cooking ghee is a great option number&nbsp; five mushrooms again these are super versatile&nbsp;&nbsp; but they're also very high in potassium which like&nbsp; calcium is an electrolyte that is important to get&nbsp;&nbsp; on a keto diet number four avocados so on the note&nbsp; of potassium avocados are another really great&nbsp;&nbsp; source usually bananas get praised for being high&nbsp; in potassium but avocados actually have more gram&nbsp;&nbsp; for gram like olives avocados are a fatty fruit&nbsp; they are low in carbs high in fat and great for&nbsp;&nbsp; keto number three wild caught salmon salmon is a&nbsp; type of fish that is higher in fat than a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; other fish and it is particularly great because&nbsp; it's high in omega-3 which is anti-inflammatory&nbsp;&nbsp; and again it also has a lot of potassium number&nbsp; two red meat Now red meat gets a bad rep but&nbsp;&nbsp; unfairly so it is super nutritious and so good&nbsp; to have on keto consuming it does not increase&nbsp;&nbsp; your cholesterol it does not increase your risk&nbsp; of heart disease the studies that have made this&nbsp;&nbsp; connection and made this claim are very weak and&nbsp; more and more we are seeing mainstream thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; shifting red meat is actually very very healthy&nbsp; and women especially should be eating more of&nbsp;&nbsp; it because a lot of us are low in iron number&nbsp; one is eggs eggs are the top food on my list&nbsp;&nbsp; they have the perfect ratio of protein and fat&nbsp; they are rich in fat soluble vitamins and they are&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely versatile just an all-around great food&nbsp; that could be included in any meal and those are&nbsp;&nbsp; the 20 best foods you can eat on a ketogenic diet&nbsp; let me know in the comment section down below what&nbsp;&nbsp; your favorite keto food is was it on this list or&nbsp; did I miss something let me know down below I love&nbsp;&nbsp; chatting with you guys in the comment section and&nbsp; I'm also going to put the link to check out sodi's&nbsp;&nbsp; everyday hydration salts in the description box&nbsp; down below if you did enjoy this video you might&nbsp;&nbsp; also enjoy my video on how to get into ketosis&nbsp; in 12 hours three simple steps you can check&nbsp;&nbsp; that out here if you want to catch up on my most&nbsp; recent upload you can find that here and if you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to check out my coaching programs including&nbsp; my seven day insulin resistance master class and&nbsp;&nbsp; also my seven day keto crash course you can find&nbsp; those here thanks guys I'll see you next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @HealthCoachKait [13 likes]: Full video on these foods and why they are the best is linked above! Or copy and paste this url https://youtu.be/vwwisKOOEqE
  2. @MustafaKarimazada [2 likes]: Kait thank you so much you change my life in one month I lost 21 pounds I just followed your instructions how to eat thank you again ❤️
  3. @VioletaOncuFlorea [1 likes]: Great choice
  4. @DaniekMccabe [1 likes]: How much yogurt can you eat can I have a full bowl or a cup full same with nuts how much am I allowed to
  5. @ywgmb35: You forgot sardines :)))
  6. @invisibleman53: Downside of doing a keto diet is, expelling ketones which smells like fingernail polish, especially my breath.
  7. @stevec6642: I absolutely love broccoli because it’s loaded with butter and Parmesan cheese 🤤
  8. @Earlineearline-pb8yp: Thank you from memphis tn
  9. @supernerd8639: How have you not developed an Aussie accent? BTW, you are right. Fatty meats are much better for insulin resistant people.
  10. @carmencarrion7563: Hey. Love what you share. Serious question. Is it smart if you are already prediabetic or diabetic and does this style of eating affect cholesterol?
  11. @Marine-sz2lf: Thank you Kait.  I feel a lot better starting Keto with your top 20 of foods to eat.  Great video!
  12. @PastowanyKaban: there is a difference between smiling and outright laughing at bizarre moments when you tell the facts, it comes out as dishonest.
  13. @DanielMundt-f7l: Cheese
  14. @skiplacoste5431: In coffee?  Oh YES!
  15. @michelledickerson7052: Excellent information!  Thank you!😊
  16. @rohanm7695: A good list, but a shame you are recommending dairy (other than butter/ghee). Dairy is sooooo bad for humans.  Please do more research.
  17. @georgiegodfrey2376: Live butter with coffee ❤
  18. @VioletaOncuFlorea: ❤
  19. @rensinavandenheuvel8882: Thank you. Best video to assist me on getting into the Keto way of eating. AND I love all those foods.
  20. @WSCEngineering: lots of talking. Very little information. Just the facts please.

- Which carbs boost energy, support your gut, and reduce overeating | Prof. Tim Spector: Kind: captions Language: en Sugar is irresistible for most of us and they're not just maple syrup or Coca-Cola, but actually bread and potatoes are also sugar. It's not only increasing your risk of obesity and metabolic problems, but their impact on our brain. What happens if I cut sugar for a week, for example? Professor Tim Spectre has written three books debunking diet culture and runs the world's largest nutrition science study here at Zoey. He's one of the world's top 100 most cited scientists, a professor of epidemiology, and my scientific co-founder here at Zoey. If you're having some white rice, you're having a pasta, they're all starchy carbs, which converts very quickly into sugar gives you a sugar spike in your blood. And people who have these big spikes. They're consistently hungrier than people that don't. And then most people think, "I'm not having any carbs. They're all deadly." Well, that's not true. What are the good carbs that you eat? Those that contain fibers that is slightly harder to digest. If you have 5 g of extra fiber every day, that will reduce your risk of heart disease and early death by 14%. It's pretty mad, isn't it? I mean, that's a lot. Correct. If a food item has a multi-grain label, does that mean it's a healthy carb? Sadly not. When is the best time of day to eat carbs? Great question. Welcome to Zoey Science and Nutrition, where worldleading scientists explain how their research can improve your health. [Music] Tim, thank you for joining me today. What a pleasure. So, I don't think I really need to explain the rules to you, Tim. We are, as always, going to start with our rapid fire questions from our listeners. Are you ready to go? Hit me. All right. Are all carbohydrates bad for us? No. Do we eat too many bad carbohydrates? Yes. Is a low carb diet a healthy choice for everyone? No. Could pairing your carb with another food make it healthier? Absolutely. Is there a time of day that's better for eating carbs? For some people. And finally, what's the most common misconception about I think most people believe that all carbs are bad. And that's absolutely not true. Some of them that contain fiber are the most essential foods we can eat. Well, I think that's hopefully what we're going to do today. And I'll be honest, I find the topic of carbs quite confusing. When I say the word, I was thinking about this as I was coming in this morning. I immediately think of this freshly baked loaf of bread, right? I could smell it. Smells amazing. And then the delicious taste. And then unfortunately, Tim, you've ruined it for me because I now know that it's followed by my blood sugar jumping through the roof uh over the next couple of hours. And at that point, suddenly I'm feeling tired and hungry or hangry as my family would say. But Tim, you've also told me that carbs aren't just bread and potatoes. So, what is a carb and what is it that can make it unhealthy? Well, a carb is a macronutrient. So, in in the sort of the old school world that we used to know, you there were everything was divided into these three groups of proteins, fats, and carbs. And most of the things we eat are mixtures of those rather than one thing. You don't actually eat a carb. You eat a a plant. And that plant will have different amounts of proteins, fats, and carbs in it. And within the carbs, it's going to have different types of carbs in it. And some of the foods we eat, which you say, "Oh, that's a carby food like say bread is also going to have uh some protein in it and a little bit of fat in it." So we tend to massively oversimplify, but that's what we've done in the past, mainly through ignorance. And the food companies have liked it that way because it's made it very easy to to sell products to us. Now I think we need to break down carbs into what they are which they are essentially sugars that are either very simple sort of moderately simple and really complex and and long and hard to break down. So the the simple sugars like your sucrose you know your table sugar is a very simple uh carbohydrate. It's a very simple sugar. It means it only has a few bonds, easily broken down and used by your body as energy. Then you've got the starches which are slightly more complex storage forms of sugar which are joined together by bonds which can be broken down by other enzymes in your body. And every plant has these starches and we're designed to do them. So they they break it down into simple sugars which are then released. Just takes a little bit longer. And then you've got the really complicated long sugars all joined together with lots of tight bonds that are called fibers. And these are sometimes really impossible to break down uh in in the body and only by the gut microbes sometimes rather than ourselves and they pass through the body. So you've got this complexity all the way from simple to very long and complex with very different effects on the body. So most people think of carbs as only the sort of sugary end ones. They forget that a lot of the healthy carbs are these complicated fibers at the other end. So they throw the baby out with a bath water and say, "I'm not having any carbs. It's all rubbish. They're all deadly." Well, that's not true. And could you give me some examples of what those like simple and starchy carbs are? Well, a simple carb is like table sugar. It's like uh honey, uh maple syrup, these things, you know, there's nothing. It's just there just you and the sugar, right? Coca-Cola because it's got added sugars to it. So, the sodas, they're having um essentially table sugar or uh fructose high fructose corn syrup, which is the sugars extracted from corn, which is virtually identical to table sugar, just a slightly different ratio. Again, a really simple sugar. So these ones give you that instant taste in the mouth. Um an example of a of a starch uh which is like this middle grade is when you might eat a cheese biscuit or cracker and you put it in your mouth and it's uh savory. You don't taste any sugar. If you keep it in your mouth, your enzymes in your saliva will break it down. That starch will become into these simple sugars. And after it's been in your mouth about 30 seconds, it will turn sweet. Let me get that straight. You're saying that I might have this cracker like it's not a sugar, but within 30 seconds of being in my mouth actually just like the saliva in my mouth has broken that down and turned it into sugar. That's right. Yes. And the same thing is if you're having some white rice or you're having a pasta or you're having a potato. They're all starchy carbs which uh are transformed fairly rapidly into sugars, but they're not sugar when they start. So it takes a little bit of work for our body to break them down. But often that's done really just in with our saliva in the early stages of digestion. It doesn't take that much. This is one of the things that most shocked me when I started doing Zoe with you, Tim, because I'd always thought of rice as being this really healthy thing that, you know, you had with sushi and that was so healthy or you had it with some sort of Asian meal and this was like much better than the food that I grown up with. And so I was completely shocked by this story that actually basically it turned into sugar almost immediately. Is that really what happens? Yes, unfortunately it is. what you think is the more synthetic rices like these par so-called parboiled rices or the Uncle Ben style rice actually happen slightly slower because it's precooked uh it's been cooked in two stages but most rice particularly the sticky rices are really sugars and that's why in Japan you get these uh most of their candies are made out of uh the sticky rice and it is known for its sweetness so yes white rice is a fantastic example of a very starchy food that converts very quickly into sugar, gives you a sugar spike in your blood and will have those consequences. And we used to think it was healthy. I agree. And you know, before I got into this um that's exactly what I thought as well. And Tim, could you explain a little bit what makes it unhealthy? So you've described the way that you know either you're just literally eating something with sugar in it or you're eating one of these starches and you're saying it turns into sugar fast. What goes on that makes that then unhealthy for us? It's the way we react to the sugar rather than necessarily the sugar itself which is bad cuz you know our ancestors were you know seeking out honey and other things uh with great relish. So when you have a a sugary drink or a soda or some a bowl of rice, white bread, you will see after about 30 minutes a sugar spike in your blood. So your blood glucose levels will be going up very fast. And you can see these in these glucose monitors that anyone who's done Zoey will will know about. And it varies in people how long and how high those sugar spikes are. But that then triggers production of insulin by the body to drive it down. And this is actually causing effort to the body. So there's a metabolic effort in doing this. And if this is repeated a lot of the time it's I some people find it hard to keep these spikes down. They're very sensitive. And we found this in the Zoey study, if you remember a few years ago now, t-fold differences between people like you and I in how we respond to a standard meal of a cookie or or a muffin or whatever it is. So, everyone's very different, but the people who suffer get these really big sugar spikes that causes metabolic problems that is working the body really hard all the time. And we think this causes low-level inflammation and goes on to lead to metabolic disturbances, increased risk of diabetes, and all kinds of other consequences as well as short-term ones, which we also showed it can make you hungrier. So, that's the sort of real the catch 22 here is yeah, okay, you have your little sugary snack to relieve hunger. What does it do? Gives you a sugar spike. Maybe get a dip after it. You're even hungrier. So, you're eating more during the rest of the day. So long-term and short-term consequences of having sort of free sugars everywhere without real food to in a way to help mop it up. I have a favor to ask. 63% of people that watch this podcast haven't hit the subscribe button and 11% haven't yet hit the bell to turn notifications on. We want this podcast to reach as many people as possible as we continue our mission to improve the health of millions. So, if you've ever enjoyed this podcast, please hit the subscribe button and turn notifications on. Do not this small favor will really help. Thank you. Every time I hear this story, it always slightly blows my mind, Tim. It's this idea that like eating the food now might actually make me eat more food later. You know, it's exact opposite of how I was brought up. And I was thinking about this with my my wife, you know, this morning who has this very strong view that absolutely, you know, my daughter mustn't leave the house without having now had a good breakfast even when she's not very hungry because like, well, you know, how can she possibly, you know, go to school if she's not hungry? And I think about this idea that obviously don't want anyone to go to school hungry, but there is this weird thing that eating the wrong food as you're describing might actually make me hungry again in two hours time. And is this real science? Because it sounds crazy. Yeah, it sounds very weird and it's against everything we've been taught by our parents. Uh but it's absolutely true and we've shown this in our Zoey studies quite consistently that people who have these big spikes and the dips afterwards 3 hours later they're consistently hungrier than people that don't. and they will consistently overeat, you know, by about 10 to 20% uh over the day compared to people who aren't having those sugar spikes. So, it's it's now well known in in the scientific literature and it it's one of the big dangers of, you know, not worrying about sugars. You've mentioned, I think, a lot of metabolic diseases and inflammation. How does this tie into this epidemic of obesity that we've seen over the last sort of 40 50 years? Is this important or not really? I think it is very important because as we shifted away from fats to carbs and sugars and starches in particular and this was you know standard government health advice. We've been seeing increase in in obesity in heart disease and all those consequences and many studies have linked obesity to intake of these starchy carbohydrates and free sugars. So some of this is due to say sugary drinks, beverages, sodas etc. which can account for about a quarter of our sugar intakes. A quarter of our sugar intake can be from these sugar sweetened beverages, you know, so particularly more in children. So what we're doing is, you know, we thought we were sorting out uh your child's a bit hungry or thirsty, give them something. But actually, you're just making it worse by giving them this this this these high sugar intakes. So, and also sensitizing children to even more sweet tastes and seeking out even more uh unhealthy foods. So, I think part of it is is is the massive amounts of soda beverages we've been having that are sugarsw sweetened. The other is this real push uh by governments and health people and the food industry towards starchy foods uh rather than fats or fiber. And so what are if I was thinking about this on my plate, you know, you've mentioned white rice and you've mentioned these sort of sugary drinks. What are the other big sources of these sort of unhealthy starchy carbs that someone listening might be putting on on their plate? Well, we're surrounded by them really. You most of snack foods um are starchy carbs. your potato chips, Doritos, your Pringles, most of the breads that we're having are highly starch rich and very poor in fiber. And uh these are the staples really. So most people are eating potatoes, rice, bread every single day. And uh you only have to ask a a family doctor and say when you've got your patients with pre-diabetes or diabetes, what's their diet? It's nearly all potatoes, rice, and um toast. Uh you know, which they've been told was good because it's low fat. I think it's interesting because I think I was definitely brought up with a view, well, that sounds really I mean, a potato after all is sort of like a plant and it's taken out of the um soil. You feel like you're doing something really good. I mean, I used to uh eat quite a lot of boiled potatoes, and I didn't even really like them very much, but I felt, well, that's really healthy. And what you're saying is I could have eaten something really delicious that tasted sweet as I was eating it because I'd have got the same effect which is being turned into sugar in my stomach in just a few minutes anyway. Exactly. So it's it's all about how quickly is that sort of carbohydrate dissolved in your body? How quickly does it go? So there are even differences between types of potato. So you've got the worst which is your Do you like mashed potato Jonathan? Were you a big fan? Um, but you know there was there was there was these artificial one Smash which was powdered. That was the ultimate in the quick fix, you know. Is that right? You sort of get it instantaneously because it's been completely powdered. Yeah. There's nothing for you to break down. It's all done for you. So then you've got normal mashed potato. Then you got boiled potatoes. Um then you obviously got fried ones which are also easy. And probably the best ones, you know, are a small jacket potato where you're actually eating the skin and then at least you're getting some fiber there, it's slightly harder to break it down. But they're all on a continuum and generally uh the idea that potatoes are a healthy food for most people that's not true. I mean, they're very good source of nutrition, but in the modern world, I think we're probably eating too much of them. We're too reliant on those, you know, bread, potatoes, and and white rice. And to some extent pasta, although pasta has some other advantages. It's got more fiber in it. It's got more protein, etc. So, compared to rice. And why are we eating so much of these sorts of carbs? Is it just because they're the things that we like the taste of? I think it's a combination that they're comfort foods for many of us. I mean, white rice has a sort of health halo to it. And you look at every health cookbook generally, you know, particularly vegetarian and vegan ones, they've got beautiful pictures of steaming white rice that uh look very tempting. And uh I I think it comes from that, you know, you were saying earlier, you know, the smell of crusty bread. Uh you know, when you go into a restaurant and the first thing they serve you, I mean, it is irresistible uh for for most of us. And um just knowing that it should be a you know more of a a treat than a staple I think is really important. Um or you pick the right ones. You you're fussy about which ones you're going to have and when. Because I'm not saying you should never have these foods. I'm just saying that if you're having them on a regular basis and you're susceptible because not everyone is as susceptible then it's a problem. So everyone should know about it. And I think I've heard you talk a little bit about the role the food industry might have played in this. Yes. They're very keen to push these these products because you can make them very cheaply. You can create powders so that you know they can be added to things. Ready meals are instantly made with carbohydrates that store forever that you know you can add preservatives to and that keep you coming back for more. So what they like is the fact that the more you eat, the the hungrier you get and the more you want them. And you know there are examples in these carbohydrate snacks. My favorite is always uh Pringles, but you can cut the name out if you worrying about being sued. No, no, go on. What did What was Pringles claim? Well, they claim they're a potato snack, but actually it's made up of about four different plant extracts with, you know, rice and tapioca and uh and then they're molded to so basically they take the cheapest products they could use the dregs of that. They dry it all up and then they stick them back together. They glue them back together to look like a potato and then they slice it up in these nice these nice ways. And the average one has about 30 ingredients. Uh if you look at some of these the the back of pack which are flavorings, colorings, glues, emulsifiers to stick it together. And Tim, I seem to remember something like um once you pop, you just can't stop. Is that am I thinking right? That's right. And if anyone's done this a test, it is very hard to just have one of them. and they have they've been created with these addictive properties, but they're they're combining the carb with salt and some fats as well. So, they know that that combination produces bliss point. Very often when we're talking about, you know, uh how carbs are used in um big food, it's in combination with these other ingredients to give them that that perfect bliss point where your brain just lights up with uh dopamine and you know, you go, "Ah, you know, isn't that nice?" And it's a short hit, but you know, it doesn't last. That's crazy. is you get the hit, you feel good, then it falls away fast and therefore you need the next Pringle and the next Pringle in order to keep it going and then you finish the whole tube and that's it. Yeah. And you feel sick. That's amazing. So it's it's even faster than the description you were giving with the potatoes and the bread where I'm getting this big blood sugar spike and it feels really good as I'm eating it and then two to three hours later I'm really hungry and I'm having to go back again. Absolutely. Yes. Now I feel like you've done nothing but tell us how awful carbs are so far, Tim. But some carbs. some carbs. Jonathan, well, that's where I wanted to go because I know that your very highly cited research has helped reveal the connection between the food that we eat, our gut health, and like our overall well-being. How do we feel? And I know that within that, you've also talked about how carbs can be good. So, could you help us to understand now what is a good carb and why do we need it? Well, a good carb is something that has important nutrients without the downsides of too much free sugar that causes these these problems. So, that is slightly harder to digest, but is full of the things that plants give you because remember all carbs come from plants, not just u you know cans or or or containers. Uh so we've we're talking primarily about uh those that contain fibers and and polyphenols. Now we've talked a lot about fiber and polyphenols and basically the less processed that food is the more it's going to contain those uh two key elements which we think are really important for our health. And can you remind us just quickly what they are and above all why they're good for our health. So polyphenols are used to be called antioxidants and they are these thousands of chemicals that you find in plants natural defense chemicals that when uh you eat the relatively unprocessed plant you'll be getting the benefit of them which will go through if it's not immediately digested into your gut and your microbes will benefit from it. So they give you these really important heart benefits, anti-cancer benefits, u many other ones that we're just discovering. Then the other element is the fiber. So fibers are these long string of sugars that are really hard to break into their component parts and most of them pass uh as insoluble fibers throughout our body. A few get uh can be mixed in with water. And the key is these reach the lower part of our colon where our microbes feed on them and they can break them down and release all the nutrients and all the goodness from those fibers which help our immune system and make our our gut microbes flourish. And Tim, you were saying that when I was eating these like starchy foods, you know, I can start to it hits my bloodstream in just sort of 30 minutes. Just as a contrast, if I'm eating these sort of um less starchy foods with more fiber, how rapid is the process you're describing? Uh you probably won't see any uh change in your blood sugar level from having a huge bowl of of some fiber richch food. Uh whether it's uh you know your spinach or your kale or your lentils, your beans, you know, your nuts, whatever it is, or rye bread for example. So you you won't see a sugar spike because everything's happening much slower, much lower down. And it's about the speed of which these these carbs are being digested. So you've got sort of fast, medium, and slow. And this is really slow. And this is really what our body likes and it likes to take its time. And it turns out that when you're eating these these hard to digest foods, it fills you up more. So the total opposite to having those free sugars where you feel hungrier, these actually um make you feel fuller quicker. So you're less likely to eat fast, less likely to overeat. And that's part of the the reason that they're helpful as well as the the their impact on on our gut and our general health. Just to put this in context, if you have five grams of of extra fiber, which you know is actually just one tablespoon, one one scoop of our daily 30 mixture, for example, every day, that will reduce your risk of heart disease and early uh death by 14%. Five grams of extra fiber will reduce your risk of death by 14%. Correct? It's pretty mad, isn't it? I mean, that's a lot. It is. And when you think that we're supposed to be eating, you know, 30 grams of fiber um rough roughly each country has got its own slightly different levels. And we're generally most western countries are somewhere between 15 and 20 grams is what we're actually doing. Just an extra five grams can make such a really big difference to your health. It's probably one of the most important things we can all do so easily. So, I was thinking about your example between the two and I was thinking a little bit about um driving the car and you know when you've got sort of, you know, a teenage driver proving everything they're like slamming on the accelerator and slamming on the brake, you know, when the lights change and slamming on accelerator again. And that sounds a little bit like this blood sugar spiking up and down with these starchy foods. And then I guess what I'm I think your analogy is here is I'm eating these much more whole grain foods with a lot more fiber and it's sort of like I'm just steady the whole time. I'm not having to accelerate or break. And clearly if I keep doing that for 10 years, my car is going to be in much better shape than the person slamming it on and off. Is this a terrible analogy, Tim? No, I think it's uh pretty good actually. I think, you know, there's other things going on as well as this that are damaging your engine, but clearly your clutch is going to go pretty quickly if uh you know, you're you're using those gears unnecessarily. So, your body is is taking much more of a toll by having to deal with these glucose spikes than if you're not. That's that's absolutely evident. But there's also the big advantages going on in the gut microbiome, you know, of having all this food that many people are not getting uh in the US and the UK. Most people, I think you're describing mainly the carbs they're eating are bad carbs. So, they're like, I'm not going to eat any bread. I'm not going to eat any French fries or potatoes or rice, you know, or crackers or pizza or pasta. Like, I'm throwing it all out. I'm just not going to eat it. What goes on inside them? Well, for those people who are on a really crappy diet anyway, which is most of us, uh, they'll feel better. Okay? So, that's they'll say, "Well, I'm not." Because most of that food is going to be ultrarocessed food, low quality, low fiber. So, they won't be getting the sugar spikes. They will probably feel bit they've got more energy. Their mood might be lifted. But after a certain while, if they're having zero carbs, they're getting zero fiber, that's going to have some knock-on effects further down the line. So, this is the problem we we're facing with people who uh quite rightly want to change their diet and improve it and say, "Okay, you know, I'm eating too many bad carbs. Let's cut them all out and let's go to say a keto or a fatty diet." they will suffer the consequences further down the road. They'll feel better initially. But if you don't look after your gut microbes, they won't look after you. And this is what we see with people who are going on a fiber-free diet. And some people on a fiber-free diet by having carbs. So as well, you can do it both ways. If you're just a really a junk food diet with, you know, like, uh, I put my son on, you know, just the McDonald's diet, um, there's no fiber in that. So, actually, you're you're having the similar effects. So, I think it's really important for people to be mindful about what they're doing when they're cutting one group out. Okay, they should be saying, "Okay, let's just cut out the really, you know, the sugars, the starches, but I'm going to keep all the other good carbs in there." then their gut microbes won't suffer and they'll be fine. And some people I think will be saying, "Yeah, but I know that if you go on this keto diet, then you know in just a few weeks you lose all of this weight, so that must be really good for you." What would you say to them? I'd say you will feel better if you can cope with it. Again, we've seen big differences between people on how they support a really strict keto diet. For those who don't know, a keto diet is when you're getting around 70% of your total calories as fats. So, very little carbs in your diet at all. And you're using fats as a as a as a fuel source. And many people can't do this. They feel sick, nauseated. They can't those that can support it report feeling better for a definitely for a few weeks. they will lose weight but uh it's very hard to sustain it long term and so that initial weight loss usually uh goes back uh to where it was and so there's only a small percentage of people that can uh maintain it and they're very vocal on social media and I think you should realize they are a tiny minority and keto diets do have its place for people with uh type two diabetes uh who are trying to get off their meds. A few weeks of that can be the a good route out of your uh medication cycle. But as a long-term solution for most people, uh I don't recommend it. And it sounds like the key point is you're saying you need to be eating all of this stuff that supports your your gut bacteria. Correct. Long term, that's what you need. That's what's going to keep you healthy. That's what going to keep your immune system in place. That's going to fight the cancers. is it's going to help you fight aging, all these things. So, you need that armory there. So, don't give it all up for a few weeks of feeling slightly better. Gut health is health. Become a Zoey member and start listening to your gut with a comprehensive atome test kit and personalized nutrition program. Our personalized food scores change how you think about food for good. And photo food logging lets you instantly see how meals score for your body. You can't put a price on your health, but if you did, Zoe's worth it. Most of what we've been told about food is wrong. Listen to your gut and feel better in weeks. Become a Zoey member today. And Tim, we had a lot of questions from listeners about what would happen if they gave up sugar. Like, how would they feel and would they feel any different? Well, it all depends on where their starting point is. If they're someone who's having masses of sodas and fizzy drinks and they're having all these really starchy ultrarocessed foods and they decide to cut out the starch and the sugars from their diet, that means they wouldn't be getting these very large sugar spikes. Most of them will feel much better within a week of doing that because they'll be stopping these cycle of peaks and troughs. And I did this myself interestingly in the early days of Zoey. We had an experiment where about 10 of us took the early Zoey muffins and that's all we ate for 24 hours every four hours. These highly sugary muffins and my sugars were all over the place and I felt terrible. So when I stopped doing that I felt great. So I can understand how people, you know, would feel. And Tim, I just want to confirm this. You're saying that literally you were have doing this experiment was suddenly you were having much more sugar than you're used to. Your blood sugar was spiking up and collapsing and literally that same day you felt terrible. So it wasn't like oh you're going to get diabetes in 10 years. It literally affected how you felt your energy just like just everything that same day. That same day I had no energy. I was felt depressed. I was trying to write a chapter for my book. I couldn't concentrate and yeah it was it was a huge shock to me and that was the first time I I made this connection between your blood sugar levels and your your mental state about how it's not only you know your risk of obesity and metabolic problems but how it affects your your your your brain and and that really brought it home to me. Uh but also we you know we did find some people that it didn't affect that much again this personalized view of it. Some people are quite resistant to these sugar spikes. Others like me and you are really quite sensitive. So we will notice these big effects. But on average, most people will. And I think that to me doing this only this experiment is is interesting. I I think so the people who are asking this question, you know, what happens if I give up sugar? As long as you understand what sugars are now and you know that bread and and potatoes are also sugar, then it's worth doing an experiment just to see how you feel. And is this just because you know you've felt it yourself or is there actually like real science to support this impact on mood and and energy? No, there's increasing science to show this. And in fact, our own Zoey science has has has shown that uh one of the early effects of people adhering to the the Zoey program is mood and energy improving and we believe that is due a a lot to the reduction in the sugar spikes effect on the brain and and the mood. It's probably a combination of of of factors, but we think that is really important. So that's come up in all our studies, whether we're testing our prebiotic daily 30 or we're doing the Zoey program. Mood and energy changes are big and that's been shown also in other small clinical studies. And do you have to give it up completely? Because I heard you mention not just sugar there, but also like bread and rice. I mean, do you have to give all of that up 100% in order to get the benefits you're talking about? No, I don't think you need to do anything to such an extreme unless you're just doing an experiment for say a week for your own sake. And I think everyone should be experimenting a bit more with their with their food to see how they react. But long-term this has got to be sustainable. And this is very much the the Zoe philosophy that we want people to be on these diets for years and find out what suits them. So I still have sugar. I still have the occasional bit of honey, potato or rice, but you know, I try and find equivalents and swaps for my staples. So, I think it's about just realizing what the worst offenders are and trying to swap for something equally tasty but but healthier. I think actually this is a perfect time to switch over to to listener questions. We had so many questions. I just want to pick this one out first because it it seems like directly relevant, which is Tim, what are the good carbs that you eat? Well, I eat as much as I can find. So, so basically, you name it, I'm trying to eat it. But, you know, I I make my own sourdough bread and I make sure it's got plenty of rye in it. And if I find some nice German rye bread, that to me uh is a good carb because it's very hard to digest. So, it's very slow to break down that rye. I'll have pasta rather than rice. So, I still occasionally have uh traditional wheat pasta, but increasingly switching to uh whole grain, whole wheat pastas, which are better for me. And then you've got all these range of grains. So things like lentils, quinoa, bular wheat, pearl barley instead of rice. So they're sort of little ones that people don't often think about. I I certainly didn't think about those 10 years ago. So increasingly I I'm making these swaps as I'm trying to move away from the traditional staples and whole grains and beans. I've heard you mention these are sort of the the go-to things replacing the the rice and the potatoes and the bread. Yes. So we haven't mentioned legumes and beans but absolutely they're a source of uh you know fats as well. So again you know what's a carb source uh gives you the energy the you know you break down the sugars slowly but it's also got protein it's also got fiber. So legumes are yeah I I I can't get enough of those beans and lentils and in in every dish I I'm finding as well as the classical ones you know we haven't talked about the spinach and the kales and the whatever. So there there there goes without saying they're in there, but I think it's about the little swaps people can make to move away from the too easy to digest ones, the ones that give you those sugar spikes. I I have to say the thing that I found easiest uh is swapping regular pasta for whole grain pasta. And and I know it's really easy because my my daughter had a a playd date yesterday and I gave them pasta. We have whole grain pasta now in house. gave it to her uh her friend who's never had whole grain pasta before I think and she just ate it because you know has like cheese and whatever else and she's like delicious. So that one is so easy to make the change and I remember being like really oh that's a disgusting idea and I think within a week I was like oh it's completely normal. So I I found that very easy. Whereas I think other things are obviously harder, right? To re-engineer to eat less bread, for example, you have to really rethink the sorts of food. You can't just get us, you know, if you're just always eating a sandwich, then that doesn't really work as much. And so some things are harder and some things are easier to change. Definitely. Yes. I mean, so you've touched on on some of them. And and some of these areas are new. So the foods are evolving. So you might have tried, you know, whole wheat pasta 5 years ago, but the new ones are actually tasting better. Similarly with the chickpea pastas or the lentil pastas, you know, they're getting better all the time. They don't fall apart like they used to. Another question we had so much. When is the best time of day to eat carbs? Great question. The literature tells us that it's the mornings that are the best time uh that we metabolize better. So eating an identical uh carb meal, we have seem to have better control over it will bring those sugar levels down quicker, digest it faster than in the evening. Now the only caveat is those studies were generally done on young people, 20 year olds. And when we looked at the Zoey data, we found that really this time difference pretty much disappeared after the age of 50. So the advantages for young people may be less relevant because young people really apart from possibly mood changes aren't really going to suffer many metabolic changes from having these uh spikes. Whereas as you get older where it's more important, there seems to be more individual differences. So some people might be early, you know, better in the morning, some people might in the evening. So I I don't think there's a rule. And I think you should follow whatever practice suits you and is likely to be sustainable. And so that's why I still have most of my carbs in the evening because I I know it it doesn't affect me more than the morning. And it's it's when I'm hungrier. So my natural body tells me to do that. So listen to your body I think is the rule here. And don't just because some studies have shown in young people, you know, it is better. If you can eat in the morning, that's fine, but don't get obsessed with it. And you mentioned the the Zoey data here. Is this a big data set that helps to inform what you're saying? We've looked at thousands of people's uh data with Zoey who've done glucose monitors and clearly this this age effect and time of day is very different in young and old people. Next question. Does eating carbs with other foods at the same time affect blood sugar spikes? Absolutely. Yes. So what we're doing with if you eat it with other foods, you're essentially wrapping the the the sugars in other foods that are harder to digest. So whether they're fibers that they body can't break down or it's encased in fats uh is really important. So that's why the important of thinking about food in combination thinking about what's on your plate rather than any one ingredient is really important here. So uh mindful eating realizing that if you are going to have for example some bread you've got no other you've got no healthy bread but you're starving well just you have it with some cheese or try and and balance these things up so that or you know take it with some a handful of nuts to give you some extra fiber. These have been shown quite clearly to change the height of the sugar spikes which will then reduce the consequences. So, it's not a absolute cure all for everything, but it it will mitigate in a way uh that that sugar spike. So, you can start to balance it. And do you need to sort of soak the food in that fat? So, you know, I'm thinking cuz I sometimes feel like, oh, I've got that pasta, but as long as I pour loads of olive oil over it, like maybe it's just going to be like slower to to break down. Um, does it need to be like soaked in it or can I just have the two like one, you know, one mouthful and one of the other, but clearly it's hitting my stomach. It's not actually sort of encased. I think as long as it gets into your stomach, it will The stomach is like a washing machine where it churns it all up. So, I'm not a big fan of people saying, "Well, I'm going to uh have my fats 10 minutes before I have my carbs in order to get this this response." I believe that generally our stomach is able to sort these things out. So if we're eating them at the same time, this should solve that problem. So I'm a bit against this obsessional eating that you have to divide your meal into 10-minute intervals, having um your cheese before you have your and then your your salad and then your potatoes. I think that's going a bit too far because for most purposes, your stomach will treat it all the same. And does eating like a sort of refined carb with some other food, does that suddenly make it as good as eating a a sort of whole grain or unrefined carb in the first place? No, you can't uh put sprinkle on a turd. It's still going to be a sugar. You know, it may be in wolf's clothing, but uh once that clothing comes off, you see what it is. And it's always going to be better to have those whole grains because you've got the original nutrients of the carbohydrate, you know, the brown, the germ, all these things on the casing that big food takes away uh in those foods. We were talking about the good carbs, then they will still have them and you can't replace that just with a few food tablets or just a bit of cheese. I have to say my own personal experience when I was doing the first Z studies with you Tim was that I was wearing this blood sugar sensor and I ate a big pizza and obviously pizza's got lots of cheese on it right so there's lots of fat as well as this you know sort of bread underneath right which is carb and I think I had the biggest blood sugar spike in the entire two weeks from this big pizza went off the roof stayed high for so long then finally collapsed later and I know that I don't have very good blood sugar control but it did definitely make me feel that I wasn't going just be able to put a bit of cheese on like a piece of bread and magically not have any any blood sugar spike. And is that very unusual response that I had? Uh well, everyone's different, but there's plenty of people like you and we all respond differently to fats and sugars as we know. But I think it's a mistake to think that you can have unhealthy carbs like a massive pizza base and just smother it with all kinds of unhealthy fats and which might mask that sugar spike. But remember the fats, this is another podcast, but you know at 6 hours your your body's still trying to get rid of those fats in your body and can cause more problems than the sugar. So let's not uh swap one problem for another. You know, pizzas are fine. have them every now and again. Enjoy it as a as a treat. You know, maybe have your salad as your starter. Um, which does help um prime your your blood sugar, but um don't go too crazy on the extra fats. I think one of the things that this has done is just changed my mind to think about a lot of these things more like treats than as just sort of the oh you must eat this because this is your source of energy and you need to you know if you're not eating lots of bread before you go out in the morning then you know how could you possibly function in in the day but another question that came up surprisingly often does freezing your bread make it healthier great question and this is this whole question of what's called resistance starch. So bread is a good example, but it could be the question could be also be for pasta, could also be for rice. And it's it comes from these studies that showed that if you you cook uh these these products and then uh the next day you put them in the fridge then you reheat them that they could be healthier because in some way the uh starch the sugars have become more resistant to digestion. That's why they're called resistant starches. And so they actually became more like fiber. about 10 years ago when I first looked at it, this was more theoretical than real. But the last few years there have been a number of studies now showing quite consistently that you get a benefit on the amount of sugar that comes out of that food and the sugar spikes if you do this for for rice, for wheat, for um for pastas. And uh you know I I I was very skeptical but now I think actually it's quite reasonable. I'm not sure that I'd always want to be cooking everything 2 days in advance and leave it in the fridge, but it's sort of an extra reason to have those leftovers and do batch cooking uh for many people because it will slightly improve how much you know goes down to your gut and how much less less is released. So yeah, whether it long term it's a it's a it's a technique I I don't I don't know, but it's it's quite a fun thing to think about. I am thinking about bread, which uh my experience always when I've frozen and taken it out afterwards is it never tastes half as good as the bread before it went in the freezer. So, I can believe that it's been changed, but it seems like quite a hard hit on the on the taste in order to reduce your blood sugar a little. Yeah. No, I think um bread's a tricky one. I mean, and you may need to remember to maybe want to slice it first before you freeze it as well, but I mean I do freeze my sourdough interestingly. it still tastes good. Some studies have shown that actually blind tasting pasta and rice people report it tastes better on the on the on these blind experiments. So perhaps you know it it does change some other attributes of those foods that uh but you know often my takeaway tastes better the next day. I mean, I think that's most people. So, I think the pattern I definitely have often reheated and very happy with. It was the bread somehow. I do feel the bread out a freezer. Even blind taste, I think I could tell the difference. Yeah, it may depend on the quality of the breads. But, um, you know, extremely high fiber ones, it's probably fine. But the other ones, yeah, I agree. They don't taste as good to me either. Well, I've definitely never baked my own sourdough bread at home, Tim, so I'm not in your league, but I aspire to it. I think you already touched on this question actually which is about other starches. So what are the other sort of starchy foods other than bread that this could help with? The ones that have been tested are things like rice and pasta. And um it's a good thing really to if you do batch cooking, particularly if you are still keen on rice, and we we're not particularly keen on white rice at Zoey, but uh realize that some people are. Um the reheated version will perhaps give you 30% less of a sugar spike compared to the the fresh one. And it it probably works for most of these these types of foods that that are staples. Um but in general, um interesting, black rice, um wild rice isn't much better. Brown rice isn't much better than white rice. That's a common misconception. Really doesn't have that much fiber in it, uh or that much extra protein. So, um, yeah, go by all means go stick with white rice if you like it, but just maybe cut down the quantities and and how often you have it. Tim, if a food item has a multi-grain label, does that mean it's a healthy carb? Sadly, not. No. Um, that's disappointing. It is. Uh, they mean nothing. It's just a marketing technique. There are only a few terms that have any legal requirement for manufacturers to uh contain things and these are uh whole wheat and whole grain which are used differently in the US and the UK and Europe. So those ones mean that you do have to have the grain intact that they can't have stripped away the germ and the the brand and that you know you're getting something that's that's higher in fiber. um percentages vary. So they they're always uh trying to get away with as little as possible because it's it's more expensive to do this and it doesn't have a long shelf life. Things like this that uh big food doesn't like. Uh but multigrain, multi-ereal um means absolutely nothing. So, usually they've got a few sesame seeds on top and you think that bread looks healthy, but actually it's not. And this goes across all foods. Um, so ignore those those signs really. Um, look at the back of the pack. Look to see how much fiber is actually in it, how many grams of fiber. Uh, and it's per 100. So, it's percentage fiber you'll be getting when you look at the the back of those labels. And so what's the number that you would be looking at for fiber that would help to tell you this has moved to being like a good carb instead of one of these sort of refined bad carbs you've been talking about today? Um if you're getting like five grams of of of fiber per 100 grams or sort of 5% that's sort of a minimum to be looking at. But again, it's complicated because some foods you need to be looking at the ratio of the fiber to the starches and bread's a good example of that. You can have reasonable amount of fiber, but if you've got 10 times as much um sugars in it, it's not it's it's not going to work. So, I think it it's not as straightforward as that. So, start by looking at the fiber, but also say, well, look at the carbohydrate total. And you know a good a good bread will be something like a ratio of only four or five to one of carbs to fiber but most common breads are about 20 to one. Got it. So mainly like breads, rice, potatoes are going to have a lot less than that five grams that you're talking about. Yes. Much less. So if I am looking for a bread, you're saying like multi-grain just means they might have dropped a couple of other grains on top of it. So what is it that I am looking for to try and make me know that it is like a a higher quality bread? Yes. So multigrain, multi-erial stone ground mean nothing. They can just they can have 1% of it in that form and that's enough. Which is completely shocking. Yes. It's ridiculous. There's no real good regulations uh in the US or or in Europe about um uh about things like bread. But what you can look for is in the US whole wheat means it has to legally contain the whole um the kernel the the the brand the germ of the that wheat husk in in that product. And there's a certain minimum amount they have to have in it. In the UK, it's generally called whole meal. And apart from that, really, it's the wild west. And uh you you know, the key is to look on the the back of the pack and uh see what the amount of fiber is and the amount of carbs are. So, if it has those other parts that you mentioned, that's going to be healthier for me. Generally, yes. If you've got the whole part of the cereal in it, then it will be much healthier for you. They don't have to have any additives to it because what they're doing is when they in these cereals generally they're stripping away all the good stuff and they have to then put it back in as as as chemical vitamins and so that will be called you said whole meal or so in the UK the term is whole meal has a legal requirement and in the US whole wheat and everything else really um is just marketing and they can contain just small amounts of that and the basic product is unhealthy. And this was very interesting and you know gone through this big journey cuz anyone who goes to a supermarket surrounded by these labels and healthy looking things with seeds and multi sades and stone ground this and whatever but it and sadly it's all pretty meaningless. So Tim, if you are buying bread in the supermarket, how do you choose a good bread? I generally disregard the labels, look on the back of pack, see go for the one with the fewest ingredients and the highest uh ratio of fibers to carbohydrates. Brilliant. Thank you. I think that takes me on to uh another question from people who obviously are making things at home because we had a lot of questions about flour and lots of questions about whether alternative flowers we had quinoa flour, chickpea flour, almond flour amongst others, is that better than the traditional wheat flour, which you know I remember growing up from, you know, my grandmother would use to uh to bake something with. It depends. It sort of depends what you're using it for. Some of these ones will contain different ratios. So you might get more protein for example if you're um you're taking something from a legume like a a chickpea. Uh so it depends what you're trying to achieve uh uh in reversing it. So I don't think we should move away um from wheat flour necessarily but you want to be picking ones that are you know the whole flour. So these are the ones where you don't want it to be ultra refined. So it's more the amount of refinement that is important here. How much of that whole plant is still in that food? But I think increasingly using a diversity of different flowers is fine. Um but the more refined it is, the more chopped up it is, um the the least beneficial it's going to be for your health. And I think that that's in general. So the the crderer, more unrefined all of these are, I think, um the better. So you definitely prefer that I was using not like the white flour that I grew up with, but like whole wheat flour or wholemeal flour that has like all of the the grain of that wheat in it even if is that is that you're saying that's right. So that might be better than some of these refined alternative flowers that um you know still worth experimenting with for different purposes but um we you know there's been this big anti-gluten campaign and that's why sort of wheat got a bad name but I think we should be focusing on again the quality of those ones and going for the ones that do have you know the higher fiber higher protein protein counts within them and then go for taste and and what you you fancy eating. But I don't think we should give it all up just because uh you know of a particular you know worry about glutens in in 1% of the population. So you're not saying therefore that in general people should give up all wheat. You're saying if I think I understand rightly it's like the refinement of that where you throw away a lot of the comments. You're just getting left with sort of the starchy sugary bit which is the white flour which I have to say I love him. My quason pan of shakala does taste nice but you're saying it tastes nice cuz it's really sugary. Yes, exactly. That's right. You're just going that you know flavor bomb of sugar whereas you know if you're making pancake do you ever make pancakes? Yes. So if you swapped for buckwheat flour or spelt you'd be getting much less of the sugar more of the fiber. So in many instance there are swaps people can make uh that you can but generally you're swapping for something that is uh higher density more protein. Does it can it still taste nice? A buckwheat pancake definitely can. Yes. I love them. All right. We'll put the link to that in the show notes because I'm going to give that a try. That is just about within my culinary capability is a pancake. That's sort of the limit. So uh my kids expect pancakes from me uh from time to time at the weekend. I'd like to finish with a final question which I loved because it was so straightforward. Julie wrote into us and said, "If I want to improve my carb intake tomorrow, what's the easiest way to start?" Well, it depends what you're calling a carb. We're going back to our original question. So, um if you want to improve your good carb intake, which means um the ones towards the more fiber um elements, it would be to uh reduce your bad swap your the more starchy, more sugary carbs for the ones that have more fiber in it. And we've been discussing a lot of these and it's simple swap. So, go with the staples. Look at your staples of your Can you change your bread for something that's that's that's healthier? Can you change your pasta to a a whole wheat u pasta? Can you uh change your white rice to uh a quinoa um pearl barley? Something that's really high in fiber and high protein. So, it's looking at those those ones that make up the majority of what we're eating, plus reducing those carb snacks. So instead of your um savory snacks, your Doritos, your Pringles, you you have some nuts and seeds in instead. That that's if you want to the simple start starter, that's what I would do. And I think it's the staples, the ones that are the main ones. So for most people, coping changing their bread is probably the hardest thing they can do. So try and focus on that and find find a loaf that's healthier that you enjoy. Thank you, Tim. I think that's really clear. It's been a bit of a whistle stop tour across like a lot of ground today. I'm hoping we've answered a lot of questions for our listeners. I'm going to try and do a quick summary maybe just of the of the highlights that I took away from today. So, I think I start with your blood sugar spikes. It's like if you suddenly started spiking your blood sugar, it could actually affect your mood and energy in one day, which is really amazing because I was brought up with this idea that, you know, how you feel and what you're eating have nothing to do with each other. And so I think that is really remarkable and it's been one of I I think really eye opening idea that you could have that impact that fast. I also am thinking about the Pringles designed so that once you pop you just can't stop and that this is real and you're describing the ways in which you could see what's going on in your blood sugar that is actually happening to create this craving and make you want to continue. I think you then shocked, you know, definitely some of our listeners by saying that, you know, rice basically gets turned into sugar almost immediately and isn't healthy despite all the ways that um I think both of us were brought up to believe that it was and that actually, you know, potatoes and bread are very similar. They sort of high starchy food. They're getting turned into sugar very fast uh inside your body. But don't therefore be scared of carbs and suddenly say, "Well, I'm just not going to have any carbs. I'm just going to eat lots of fat and protein, but you said it's essential because it is all coming from plants and it's the food that feeds, you know, our gut microbes, those bacteria. And you shared, I think, the most amazing statistic. You said if uh if I was to add five grams more fiber into my diet, I would reduce my risk of death by 14%. So, that's a very small amount of fiber. It's like one teaspoon or something. and like this huge impact on death compared to everything else we talk about. So that that is remarkable. And then I think you switched a whole bunch of tips. Uh freeze your bread, put your pasta or your rice in the fridge and then take it out again and suddenly it's going to have uh lower sugar spikes. Re-examine what um what you're buying from the supermarket. You talked about breads and said like a lot of the labels are just tricks. You know, this sort of big food taking advantage of you. There's incredibly little regulation, you know, around the world, whether you're listening to this in the US or the UK, Europe, wherever. And what you're looking for is a sort of whole wheat or whole meal that has the whole kernel. Back to this idea of it being like the whole grain rather than just a bit that's refined. And if you see something like multigrain, which I always thought was that's great. I've got all of these grains, actually, you're just being tricked. So for you, you're saying really you need to turn the bread over, look at what's on the back, and you're looking for as few ingredients as possible, and you're looking for the amount of of fiber. And in general, I think you said, you know, fiber is above five grams in any of these foods. It's starting to be meaningful. That's like an easy indicator of this being a sort of a good carb rather than than a bad carb. And the ratio. Yes. And the ratio. The ratios. You've got to look at the carbs because sometimes you can have fiber but they put in so much sugar in there that it it so it's that ratio of the total carbs to total fiber. Got it. Because you say it might have five grams of fiber but it's got tons of like 80 grams of carbohydrate and some sugar. It's still not going to be good for you. Got it. So you got to watch out again for for how they played with this. And then finally you said Jonathan try swapping out those pancakes. Uh stop using the refined white flour and in fact try something different from wheat. try a buckwheat flour or a spelt pancake and I promise to try this and I will report back. Fantastic Tim. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Uh and I am sure we will continue the journey. Thank you. If you enjoyed this conversation with Tim, understand the truth about carbs in our diet, you won't want to miss this episode with Harvard professor Walter Willlet. He's the most cited nutritional scientist in the world and he explained which unhealthy carbs are increasing our risk of developing chronic diseases. I think you'll learn a lot from this episode. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lionel7133 [4 likes]: LIKE MOST PEOPLE IN THE CARIBBEAN  I'VE BEEN EATING RICE EVERY DAY OF MY LIFE FROM LIKE AGE 2 AND I'M NOW IN MY MID EIGHTIES AND  WEIGH THE SAME AS I DID AT 18 0R 19 WHICH IS 170 LBS. I'M 6'1.
  2. @kittyhawk8646 [1 likes]: Which carbs have more fibre?
  3. @kittyhawk8646 [1 likes]: Where to find steel cut oats?
  4. @heltonluisbaia2077 [1 likes]: Thanks
  5. @Rob-k9n6s [1 likes]: Very informative. Subscribed nand liked. 👍
  6. @Michael-4 [1 likes]: He's doing keto a disservice. I get more than 30g of fibre a day from berries, nuts, seeds and salads. I've been keto for over 10 years now and although restrictive it's probably the easiest diet to stay compliant. Please supply peer reviewed evidence that a well formed ketogenic diet is less likely to be sustained long term than the Zoe diet.
  7. @AndyJarman: Everyone knows spaghetti leftovers are better the next day!
  8. @elooze: 🔥🔥
  9. @TheWaveSon: Keto is not low in fiber necessarily, you can eat as much green leaves  and sprouts as you want
  10. @gaildharker4568: Excellent information in more depth than usual. So appreciated thank you
  11. @Jay-es1gn: Brown rice?! 😢 and colcannon mashed potato’s with the skin on?! I need something to work with lol
  12. @myopenmind527: Is a low carb diet a healthy choice for everyone? No!!

But definitely best diet to reverse fatty liver, insulin resistance, pre-diabetes and type II diabetes. 

People with the latter conditions are both addicted to carbs and being slowly poisoned by carbs in their diet. 

I you can’t eat even low glycemic foods without a prolonged glucose spike then ultra low carb is the only way to go and it is a healthy lifestyle.

Tim is not used to dealing with patients with profound glucose intolerance. 

He completely missed to nuisance require. 

Very sad and misleading.
  13. @arianadane8295: Some of the questions are like they are asked to educate a 9 year old and it was a bit repetitive. Otherwise the info was good.The comment that you can´t put sprinkles on a turd cracked me up though.😂😂😂 Where I´m from we say that you can´t put make up on pig.
  14. @NSBarnett: fairly cheap, fairly nice, not great for farms or farmers, supermarkets can thrive, kills you with cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's -- this is the western food situation. If we reduce sugar, increase fibre, reduce meat, increase sleep and exercise, we'd live longer; serve us right!
  15. @snutea7505: I lost 20 pounds in 4 months and my blood sugar level dropped drastically. My blood pressure gets better. Whole grain, such as barely, beans, black rice, millet, oats with fresh veggies and lean meats helped me. Not to mention fish, olive oil, good quality vinegar, homemade yogurt, natto and kimchi.
  16. @antoniangelov1738: carbs make you overeat not reduce it, period.
  17. @landerspolimis3690: Eat more fibre to remove fibre, doesn’t make any sense. The problem with professors is that they are too tight in the head and so predictable.
  18. @phillatella6470: Is idiot never heard of the blue zones
  19. @jankozak2984: Keto worked really well for me for weight loss. Had incredible results but required good amount of effort and willpower.
  20. @Bakiyam-b2v: Keto carnivore nothing wrks for me finally I decided to Follow my heart ❤️💛♥ eat fruits vegetables millet and eggs not oil any Animal I doing fasting meditation  feel high energy

- 6 Healthy High Fat Foods That are Low Carb: Kind: captions Language: en we used to think that including fat in your diet was a bad idea but thanks to the popularity success and research behind low carb high fat diets dietary fats are making a comeback in this video I share six hunger stopping healthy high-fat foods as well as suggestions on how to work them into your everyday first on our list is the egg an egg is a perfect food and it is also a perfect example of a high-fat food that was once demonized the bad reputation came from the fact that the yolk of an egg is high in cholesterol however the cholesterol that we take in when we eat eggs doesn't affect the cholesterol in the blood a three-month study that compared a group of people who ate 12 eggs a week to a group that ate less than two eggs a week found no between-group differences in total cholesterol LDL cholesterol or triglycerides eggs give you a great mix of fat and protein which is a great combination for keeping hunger away they are also high in choline which is an important nutrient for many functions when it is deficient it is closely linked to the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and we also know that choline is a methyl donor which means that it can give its methyl group to another molecule to enhance or inhibit its action and you want methyl donors because they drive a lot of processes associated with metabolism heart health and the elimination of toxins from your body that could otherwise build up and cause disease and eggs are traditional breakfast foods but they work great for dinner for instance quiche is a great low carb choice at dinner time I have to put avocados next because they are right up there with eggs as far as health value I have a half of an avocado a day as a salad topper a half of this avocado weighs about 70 grams and contains about 10 grams of fat most of which are monounsaturated fats if improving your cholesterol profile is a goal avocados are a great thing to eat a meta-analysis which is a type of study analyzes the results of past research found that diets that regularly contain avocados significantly decrease cholesterol LDL cholesterol and triglycerides and a fiber is something that you are trying to increase in your low carb diet half of an avocado that's this size will give you four point six grams of fiber and only five point nine grams of carbs avocados also contain more potassium than bananas and potassium has a lot of roles in your body that help with fluid balance nerve impulses muscle contractions but this nutrient is regularly flushed out of your body so you need to replenish it if you are on a low-carb diet and experiencing muscle cramps potassium is an electrolyte that you want to replenish so eat an avocado or use an electrolyte supplement like the indoor electrolyte supplement that I often mention some types of fish are high in a healthy fat called omega-3 fatty acids omega-3s are special because your body cannot make them but your body needs them so you have to get them through your diet and there are different types of omega-3s but two of the most important are EPA and DHA fatty fish is a primary source for those types of omega-3s and you don't want to be without those fats because they're very important for various aspects of brain health for instance there's research to support that omega-3 fatty acids may help with lowering depression and anxiety calming ADHD symptoms and slowing cognitive decline as we age good choices of fish that are also low in mercury would be wild-caught salmon mackerel trout herring and sardines and I'll add that if you're not a fan of cooking but you want to add more fish to your diet salmon is a good fish to start with it has a firm texture without the fishy smell that can turn some people off nuts can also be a good source of omega-3s with walnuts being one of the highest in that particular fat however unlike fish walnuts contain a different type of omega-3 called ala this omega-3 fatty acid may comes from plant foods and is arguably a less valuable form because to benefit from it your body must convert it into EPA and DHA so you can get omega-3s from plant foods but when they come in they need to go through a conversion step before you can get all of the health benefits from them and unfortunately many of us are inefficient at converting ala into the active forms walnuts do have a hidden advantage however because they are commonly eaten raw and I call that a hidden advantage because when nuts are roasted they are typically roasted in unhealthy vegetable oils that degrade with heat and promote inflammation in your body walnuts have a nice mix of fat protein and fiber which are all things that help keep hunger away and you can work walnuts into your daily diet they go great as a salad topper and because they have a mild flavor you can crush them up and hide them into recipes or make a crumble topping for cooked vegetables or fish chia seeds are another plant food that is high in the ala form of omega-3 fatty acids they are also a great source of fiber with 1 tablespoon containing about 4.2 grams of carbs 3.9 grams of which are fiber and only 49 calories so if you are looking for natural ways to increase your fiber in your low-carb diet chia seeds are a great choice but I would say that one of the most interesting things about chia seeds is how they absorb liquid to form a gel I added about a quarter cup of water to two tablespoons of chia seeds about 10 minutes ago and this is the speed at which it thickens this is going to slow digestion and help you feel full longer so I encourage you to experiment with chia seeds they have a mild almost undetectable flavor so you can add a spoonful to a smoothie or make a chia seed pudding or mix them into a full fat yogurt which takes two already healthy high-fat foods and combines them together I will sometime add a tablespoon of chia seeds to yogurt with berries to boost the fiber and nutrient value of the yogurt but full fat yogurt by itself is a great high-fat food so let's talk about this you can use yogurt for breakfast you can use it for a snack you can use it for dessert and full fat yogurt is a good source of fat and if you buy a brand that contains live cultures you get a whole host of probiotic bacteria that improve the health of your gut there are few areas of nutritional research that are exploding like the research we see with how important to the bacteria living in your gut are to your overall health and ability to lose weight so any change in your diet that will promote the health of the gut microbiome is worthwhile now this is Greek yogurt regular yogurt is fine but Greek yogurt is strained during processing which lowers the lactose content so if you are lactose intolerant Greek yogurt would be the better choice and the things that you want to look for when picking yogurt are 4 to 5 percent milk fat live cultures and no added sugar so we have high fat low carb foods here that work from breakfast to snacks to dinner to dessert each of these foods is easy to prepare it's delicious and filled with nutrients that your body thrives on in other words they are easy enjoyable and effective parts of a healthy weight loss diet when you have those three e's going for you there is no reason to go back to the old nutrient-poor foods that drove your cravings these are the foods that I eat and the foods that I share in my diet plan so if you are looking for a way to put all of this together you can check out my plan thanks so much for watching please subscribe and I will see you in the next video thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [15 likes]: Thanks for watching and subscribing! You can learn about my diet plan here: https://www.drbeckyfitness.com/the-0123-diet-plan/
  2. @ericaalexandrovnaadebayo4392: Thank I
How long do u soak chia seed into yogurt before consuming it
  3. @SarangaVlogs: Thank you Dr ❤ Subscribed ❤
  4. @ohhitsglo: Thank you
  5. @rexbanner4608: Thank you for this video, it's very informative. The title says "6 Healthy High Fat Foods" but I counted 5 not 6. 1. Eggs, 2. Avocados, 3. Fatty Fish, 4. Chia Seeds, 5. Full Fat Yogurt. That's the whole list.
  6. @iPhoneFactoryYT: your crazy if you think i’ll eat low carbs they are essential
  7. @RalfyCustoms: Dr Becky, you have quickly become my go to, on my keto journey, thank you for sharing your extensive knowledge
  8. @hikedayley9309: Dr Becky, What about Choline and TMAO?  All the Vegans are talking about TMAO and Heart Disease. They link Choline to causing inflammation of the arteries.
  9. @careyedgar302: I like eggs but sometimes they trigger an immune response in my body and my joints will hurt.  This is especially true with my knees.  I think that eggs are a complex protein and a little harder to break down.  Love your videos.  Thank you.
  10. @dontbanmebrodontbanme5403: I just ate three eggs and a full avocado. I'm down 25 lbs and I'm so happy. I've lost a little bit of muscle with that, but that's fine. I LOVE avocados, but 1. they're very expensive and 2. when you get them in your house, you've got about 4 days to eat them. If you don't, they're going to be spoiled. Eggs last a long time. Which is why I've also ordered chickens!
  11. @AG-dx4vu: This video is a powerhouse! Thank you, Dr. Becky 💖
  12. @mwb6772: Just discovered your channel.  Thanks for your excellent info.  I have a few questions please.  I've been looking for the right kind of yogurt for months. Where in the world do you find the yogurt you suggest according you your criteria?  The one's I've located have at least 5 grams of sugar or non-fat.  Thanks
  13. @BenSHammonds: very good, as a guy in his mid 50s now that, for various reasons (depression) let himself go for the last many years, I find all your information and inciteful way of speaking a refreshing aid in my journey back to better health. I recently found that I am diabetic, which runs on family but as I havent a sweet tooth Ive never had any problem with sugar until last month, or as I have felt poorly for over a year and half it is good that I have finally went to doc to get checked out, I quite smoking, after smoking for most of last 40 years and now am working the Keto ideals and enjoying myself :)
  14. @MrGchiasson: After months of 'stagnated fat'..I'm  beginning to see results!.  The high fat, protein, low carb works well for me.  As soon as I finish typing this.. I'm  on my way to the grocery store...for the 6 item you showed.
BTW. . just sub'd.  Take care!
  15. @bweatherman3345: How about vegan diet. Thanks in advance
  16. @mohammedmujahid8624: Hello Doc I'm following you very seriously and getting amazing results and out comes are very much positive.
This video is so lovely. Thanks a lot.
  17. @shekatagani: Thanks for all your tips and info.
  18. @viclizardi6152: K I S S, keep it simple. Your videos help so much.
  19. @unpavedexplorer338: Very good information.  Thanks again.
  20. @carmenpeters728: Saturated fat does cause atherosclerosis. there's no doubt about it and no new research proving otherwise. A keto diet is high in fat just to satisfy the carb cravings. You replace high carb with high fat foods. A recipe for disaster.

- 10 Best High Protein Foods For WEIGHT LOSS: Kind: captions Language: en protein is one of the most essential tools to help you achieve a weight loss and body recomposition goal so today i'm sharing the top 10 best high protein foods to help you tap into fat burning and achieve your weight loss goal if you're new here my name is autumn i'm a certified clinical nutritionist with my master's nutrition human performance on my channel i teach you the science back tips to help you achieve your weight loss and wellness goals so if you're new here make sure you subscribe okay so the first one is the humble egg now each egg isn't actually particularly very high in protein only has about six grams per egg so you do need to eat quite a bit of eggs in order to get all your protein needs eggs are really great for weight loss gold because it contains both protein and fat so i usually like to eat three eggs and pair it with a little bit of cheese to help boost the protein content a little bit more but there's actually been multiple studies that have found that when you eat eggs for breakfast versus some other types of breakfast foods like cereal that the eggs help people feel more full for longer so these are some eggs that my friend gave me from her chickens little easter egger eggs i think but also eggs are relatively inexpensive really easy to make and extremely versatile okay the second one is salmon and i just got my meat delivery today so let's see if i can find it in the bottom of my freezer i actually recently had to learn how to love salmon because i didn't really like it but i found some ways to cook it that i do kind of like it now and i'm happy about that because three ounces of cooked salmon has about 22 grams of protein but it also is rich in omega-3 fatty acids that are an anti-inflammatory it's also what's called a high diaz protein which means you really readily absorb it and your body can really easily use that protein as protein within the body so as a good rule of thumb you want to aim for proteins that have a diet score of one or higher this means that it's completely absorbed this can be tricky for plant-based proteins but we'll get into that in a second now something unique to salmon is that it's really rich in selenium and selenium is required for phase two liver detox so not only do you get a lot of protein with just a bit of salmon you also get a lot of selenium and anti-inflammatory omega-3 fats okay so the next is whey protein and i've been talking to you guys a lot about my protein powder it's coming soon i have my little sample pack right here that i've been that i've been using this is the chocolate one so good now for a long time whey protein was really just seen as the protein for athlete but there are a lot of other health benefits to whey protein other than just being a really high diaz protein in fact it's one of the highest diets proteins other than eggs now being studied for a lot of other health perks including weight loss but also unique to whey protein is that it's really high in an amino acid called cysteine cysteine is also required for that phase two liver detox and i've developed my own zero sugar whey protein this has been in the works for a very long time and we're really really close to releasing it so if you guys want to stay in the loop on when my zero sugar whey protein will be released you can subscribe to my free weekly newsletter down description below okay so next we have beef now beef is also a high dyes protein and it has obviously a ton of different cuts but my favorite is ground beef because it is so versatile and it tends to be really budget friendly and three ounces of cooked beef has around 22 grams of protein and it's so easy to use i tend to go for the 85 15 that way it has just a little bit more fat and helps to boost satiety from both protein and fat but i'll use ground beef in tacos in my homemade zucchini bolognese my homemade zucchini lasagna as well oh my gosh that recipe is so good back to my freezer full of protein now the next is chicken and really any type of poultry but chicken is probably one most people are using maybe the other one being a bit of turkey as well so i bone in thighs here but any cut can work because chicken tends to be more lean it is going to be a little bit higher in protein and a little bit lower in fat so because of that if you really struggle with satiety you might want to cook your chicken in a little bit extra of butter or olive oil or pair it with avocado so you can make up for that slightly lower fat and make sure that you're satisfied and prevent cravings and about three ounces of cooked chicken breast will have around 27 28 grams of protein so it is pretty packed with protein and also high diaz okay now to the fridge i have full fat greek yogurt so you guys know that i make my own greek yogurt it's honestly so easy and saves so much money especially right now where greek yogurt is like ten dollars for one of those larger containers at least for a full fat grass-fed option anyway that's like a whole other different video i shared my step-by-step strategy on how to make greek yogurt i'll have that link description below because honestly it's so easy takes like minimal effort and it will save you saves me like at least 500 a year because we use a lot of greek yogurt and i know what you're thinking full fat isn't that like not good for you but there's actually been a lot of research lately specifically on full fat dairy products and how it can be preventative against obesity and what the researchers are saying is that it's likely because of both the fat as well the protein that's in greek yogurt or other full fat dairy products so both of those combined help you to feel really satiated really satisfied while having a really high diaz protein so can help to prevent cravings for foods that might work against your goals i love using greek yogurt in my smoothies as a greek yogurt bowl or even stir it into chia pudding to help boost the protein content and just one cup of greek yogurt will give you about 20 grams of protein so pretty great okay so one of the best options for plant-based proteins are going to be fermented soy products now i specifically recommend fermented soy products if you're going to use soy as a protein source because it helps to break down some of the anti-nutrients of soy but soy is one of the highest diaz proteins that you'll be able to get your hands on from a plant-based source it's going to be about point nine so remember we ideally want a score of one or higher for diaz so soy is going to be a little low really the only plant-based protein that has a score of one is going to be potato protein but there's not a lot of potato protein powders on the market right now and if you eat just potatoes you're also going to be eating a lot of starch so it's not really helpful for a weight loss goal so from a plant-based perspective the highest quality protein source will be something called tempeh and you can use this in a lot of similar ways that you would ground meat like you can chop it up and make ground tempeh tacos add it into stir fry really there's a lot of easy ways to use tempeh okay so another one is pork and i actually don't talk a lot about pork on my channel mostly because i didn't grow up eating it so i'm not used to eating it that often but it actually is a good high quality protein source it's going to have a diet score above one really all animal based proteins are going to have a high diet score other than collagen collagen is not a complete protein i wouldn't recommend using it as a complete protein but it is great for pairing with complete protein sources so common cut for pork is going to be like pork tenderloin and about three ounces cooked is going to have roughly 24 grams of complete protein okay so for one of my absolute favorite proteins ow just hit my elbow we have cottage cheese in fact this is actually what i'm going to be breaking my fast with in just a second i love cottage cheese i know people either love it or absolutely hate it my husband absolutely hates it i absolutely love it but it's really rich in protein just about one cup will have anywhere between 24 to 28 grams of protein that's a lot with just one cup it's also going to be a full fat dairy product so it has a lot of the same perks as greek yogurt just make sure that you check the ingredients and that you're not getting something that has any added sugar got some peanut butter on there obviously that's how i eat mine so you will see some sugars if you look at the nutrition facts but as long as it's not added sugar that's okay because that's mostly just going to be a little bit of the lactose and if the cottage cheese has been fermented a lot of that isn't actually true lactose anymore so i like to make like cottage cheese bowls my favorite way is to heat up some blueberries just on the stove top melt up some frozen blueberries a bit put that on top of some peanut butter within my cottage cheese and all just kind of like melts together and it's so good oh my gosh but you can also do a more savory option where you add like cucumbers and tomatoes and some black pepper my mom loves pairing it with avocado as well and requires zero prep you don't have to cook it or anything you can bring this with you on the go so easy okay so the last one on my list is anchovies and sardines i actually bought these a long time ago hoping that i could make myself try and like it i don't even know if this is still good where's expiration date i'm sure it is yeah it's still good i've got like two years on this thing since it's canned but man if you like anchovies or sardines eat them they are so good for you so you can see like advertised on this it's talking about the omega-3 fatty acids and that's because fatty fish like sardines or anchovies are going to be really rich in omega-3 fats and there's one meta-analysis where they looked at a bunch of studies and found that fish oil can actually help to reduce abdominal fat so belly fat specifically so not only do you get protein which is really important for body recomposition you also get the beneficial omega-3 fats or the fish oil if you like it let me know how you make it so i can try to learn to love it as well all these protein sources are really great proteins but you need to know how much of it you need to eat per day so make sure you calculate how much you need per day with my really simple easy calculation right here also if you're new to my channel and you love this science fact information make sure you subscribe right here come out new videos every tuesday and thursday all right guys thanks so much tuning in and i'll see my next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @PatrickMalonee: what helped me most was pairing high protein with my GLP-1 from FormBlends, appetite stayed manageable all day
  2. @Bithi-j6d: the thing people always overlook with high protein eating for weight loss is that not all protein sources do the same job, even at equal gram counts. like 30g of protein from chicken breast and 30g from a processed protein bar technically look the same on a tracker but your body handles them very differently in terms of satiety, thermic effect, and how long until hunger creeps back.

what genuinely surprised me when i started paying more attention to this: cottage cheese and eggs became my most used foods not because they're exciting but because the hunger suppression is noticeably longer than almost anything else i tried at similar calories. greek yogurt is close but i found the fat-free versions didn't hold me as long, the full-fat versions do something different with satiety that the numbers don't fully explain.

the point about fish is worth emphasizing too because people default to chicken breast as the one protein food and kind of forget that salmon and sardines are bringing omega-3s alongside the protein, which matters for inflammation and actually supports the metabolic side of weight loss in ways that go beyond just macros. i've been on compounded tirzepatide through formblends for about five months and one thing i've noticed is that building meals around these specific protein sources made a real difference in how smoothly the appetite suppression works, like it compounds the effect rather than fighting it.

the practical takeaway i'd add for anyone watching: aim to hit at least 25g protein at breakfast specifically, because that single change probably does more for your afternoon cravings than any other single adjustment you can make.
  3. @maryclebeau: Don’t like pork!
  4. @maryclebeau: Can we get the lasagna recipe! 😊
  5. @luciamommanageoutstandingm9718: Use the anchioves as grease. Cut them finely , and fry them
In a pan with garlic, add olives , chili and vegetables cut in cubes. 
You can also start a napolitain sauce (arrabiata) the same way. 2-3 anchioves and garlic add tomato sauce and chili. Always add soy sauce and honey to your gomato sauce to take away acidity
  6. @tabithajackson7758: Hi Autumn new viewer, had my annual appointment with my doctor last week and we talked about incorporating high protein low carb foods Into my diet. I have a genetic condition that causes hunger cravings and making me feel like Im not full when I should eat smaller portions, or being hungry again right after eating. Issues with MC4R I believe it is called. I won't say my weight in pounds but BMI is over 40, so definitely not healthy. Also recommend along with diet changes/eating habit changes, to do more physical exercise even if that means just going for more walks or using some type of cardio equipment. I like salmon, chicken, beef, eggs, and Greek yogurt so those should be easy to incorporate into my diet. Not a big fan of cottage cheese though so that one might be a little harder to add to my diet. Probably a good idea to incorporate some of those healthier oils into my diet as well
  7. @stephaniescofield9433: Thanks for your video.  I really wish I could eat salmon, but it just taste like eating raw strong fish.  I’ve never tried sardines, hmmm if I don’t like salmon, I don’t see me liking sardines.  Are the bones in them?  Yikes …
  8. @twmcmahan: Whole-fat dairy may be inversely associated with obesity in observational studies, but that doesn’t establish causality. Reverse causation is a very real confounder here: people with obesity are more likely to be actively dieting and intentionally choosing low-fat or skim dairy, which alone can produce that association.
  9. @niceymb: Sauté sardines with egg and tomato. It’s so good!
  10. @brat7776: I add sardines as a protein on salads. I was always afraid to try them. It turns out, they're not bad. Anchovies are next on my list to conquer.
  11. @paulsoutbackgardenaustrali7674: But r u in a relationship and what does he say...
  12. @LIK4-GH0ST: 2025??
  13. @genehihar9684: Stake is only beef
  14. @ChristinaMullins-t5s: Anchovies, try making your own Worcestershire sauce like puree it and add to anything
  15. @MsJ.TeacherToTech: Lots of processed food
  16. @MsCowgirl333: Can you share how to cook salmon so it tastes good?
  17. @patisan: I love sardines that come tinned with a spicy tomato sauce and I mash them and serve them on toast with fresh sliced tomatoes and cracked black pepper
  18. @shudae_roseflores123: Hello what kind of cheese can I put in eggs?
  19. @michelledickerson7052: Regarding sardines and other canned fish/seafood: try just eating it with some hot sauce as a high protein ‘snack.’  Or add some veggies for a meal. 😊
  20. @deenaxic9134: kinda sad to see 99.99% of videos on this topic, cover the same few foods. They might be good, but would be funnier to see the non obvious ones.

- 11 HEALTHIEST Foods With No Carbs & No Sugar [UNBELIEVABLE]: Kind: captions Language: en 11 healthiest foods with no carbs and no sugar looks like someone wants to shed some pounds and get healthy good for you my friend let me give you a tip if you want to lose weight it's time to say goodbye to those carbs yes those yummy processed carbs and refined sugars are your enemies they cause inflammation in your body and make your liver produce more fat who wants that right not me not you so let's stick to healthy foods that are low in carbs and sugars number one red meats listen up meat lovers if you want to build those muscles and have the energy of a superhero then you got to choose high quality grass-fed animal Meats like beef lamb and even some organ Meats these bad boys are packed with protein that will give you the strength to lift those heavy weights and run that extra mile and let's not forget about the iron and vitamin B12 which are essential for building up that blood and keeping you energized all day long just make sure it's high quality and grass-fed so you can get all the Nutri audience you need to become the ultimate muscle machine number two kale this Mighty leafy veggie is a nutrient Powerhouse that puts other superfoods to shame it contains double the vitamin C of oranges more calcium than milk and more potassium than bananas plus it's low in starches and sugars and high in healthy fiber whether you prefer your kale lightly steamed as a side dish or blended into delicious smoothies get ready for some major health improvements number three eggs these Little Wonders contain all the building blocks of life and only Trace Amounts of carbs making them a perfect addition to your healthy diet eggs are also packed with choline and lecithin which can help break down fat in your liver and Aid in weight loss and let's not forget about the protein amino acids vitamins and minerals that can help your cells heal and grow stronger so how many eggs should you eat well according to the experts two to four eggs a day can boost your nutrition and keep you feeling full and focused August say goodbye to those pesky cravings for snacks and junk food and hello to a healthier happier you number four pick a nuts Pickens contain a very low amount of net carbs but contain high amounts of soluble fiber which help to control your blood sugars pecans are rich in zinc copper vitamin B1 and monounsaturated fat which will keep you feeling satisfied and less likely to Crave junk Foods when losing weight eat a small handful of these after a meal or chop them up and mix with sugar-free dark chocolate 70 number five cheese cheese is a legit good source of fat soluble nutrients like vitamins a e d and K2 that can help keep you healthy plus it helps your bones teeth and Nails absorb calcium like a boss and get this it's got healthy fatty acids and proteins that can boost your brain power and focus too so if you're gonna Chow Down on cheese make sure it's from grass-fed cows or goats to get the most out of it I highly recommend tasty varieties like cheddar Camembert halami Brie goats cheese and mozzarella number six cauliflower and cruciferous vegetables to enhance your well-being or shed weight effectively it's crucial to incorporate cruciferous leafy greens like broccoli cauliflower brussels sprouts arugula bok choy cabbage and collard greens into your diet these vegetables are rich in phytochemicals which Aid in detoxifying your liver and eliminating toxins from your body moreover these greens are an excellent source of essential minerals such as potassium and magnesium these minerals play a vital role in lowering insulin resistance which facilitates fat burning at an accelerated Pace therefore consuming these vegetables is essential for meeting your nutritional requirements and improving your overall health number seven avocados and extra virgin olive oil avocados are one of the best sources of healthy fats out there these babies are packed with monounsaturated fats that keep your cells fueled and energized avocados also contain a boatload of potassium magnesium and advocating B which help balance your hormones improve insulin resistance and help you burn fat they are basically a One-Stop shop for all your nutritional needs and let's not forget about extra virgin olive oil this stuff is liquid gold when it comes to cooking it's loaded with anti-inflammatory chemicals like oleocanthal and oluopian that help ease pain swelling joint pain inflammation and even improve your liver health so go ahead and drizzle that stuff on everything number eight butter listen up folks if you want to keep those eyes skin and hair looking fresh and fabulous pure butter is the way to go but hold up don't go grabbing any old butter you want the good stuff that hasn't been mixed with any veggie oil that's the kind that's packed with retinol which is essential for keeping your body looking young and vibrant now I know some people get freaked out by butter because of that cholesterol talk but guess what your body actually needs that stuff to make hormones like insulin estrogen testosterone and cortisol and those hormones are key players in helping you shed those extra pounds your bones will thank you for the extra calcium and your Cravings will be kept in check plus butter helps your gallbladder release bile which breaks down fat number nine mushrooms did you know that mushrooms are actually fungi but we cook them like veggies these little guys are chock full of nutrients there are so many different kinds of mushrooms out there each with its own unique profile of vitamins and minerals for centuries mushrooms have been a staple in Cuisines all over the world because they add an incredible burst of flavor you can add all that yumminess without any extra fat or sodium these babies are fat free low in sodium low in calories and cholesterol free mushrooms are also loaded with fiber vitamins and minerals number 10. herbs to lose those extra pounds you got to get some freshly chopped herbs in your life I'm talking mint basil parsley oregano cilantro Dill Rosemary and Thyme these babies don't have any of those pesky starches but they are packed with antioxidants and phytonutrients that will help you crush your weight loss goals and keep your blood sugar in check plus they'll make your salads taste awesome don't forget about spices turmeric cinnamon coriander seeds black pepper and ginger are some of Nature's Most Powerful healers they'll help repair your liver pancreas and digestive organs and even though spices have a teeny tiny amount of carbs you don't need much to reap the benefits and give your meals some serious flavor number 11. wild salmon if you're on that low carb Vibe you've got to get some oily fish up in your grill wild salmon sardines mackerel and anchovies are packed with protein and omega-3 fatty acids that all have you feeling like a million bucks not to mention those Omega-3s will help lower inflammation all up in your body and fix any damage caused by your sugary past but here's the deal stay away from those farmed fish they're chock full of nasty antibiotics synthetic food coloring and a bad diet that makes them low in nutrients so stick to the wild stuff if you want to ditch carbs and get your body burn in fat try mixing up some of these foods not only will they help you shed pounds but they'll also give your cells some serious loving and hey if you're looking for more tips on how to live your best life make sure you hit that subscribe button so you don't miss a Beat thank you [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @thebalancedhealthchannel [76 likes]: Thanks for watching. ✅🍎📝Custom Meal Plan: bit.ly/CustomHealthyMealPlan
  2. @HEALTHYSENIORLIVING-r2x [2 likes]: You brought up something really important here. I’m actually doing a video series on common health struggles for older adults — happy to share more if anyone wants practical advice.
  3. @Explorehealthyfood [2 likes]: Thank you for the information..it really helps
  4. @Aryu-c1w [1 likes]: In my 20year life I even not for once eat seafood,meat,omlet and now I found milk is not healthy for my body,😅, I just am vegetarian just eat vegetables, fruits and protein and drink green tea, lemon leaves, sew flower and use jira it's my every day meal, and I feel good I don't think everyone needs same diet 😊
  5. @quotesaboutlife_wisdom [1 likes]: Real talk, more people need this
  6. @KimberlyStockwell-b7o [1 likes]: This is so helpful; I'm trying to cut back on carbs and sugar, and this list gives me a great starting point for meal planning!
  7. @dumitrupopa7049: Cheese has sugar in it and therefor not for me
  8. @ambasinger786: Every food is good if your metabolism is good. For office person, sugar is not required as he do brain work more and physical work less and for labour work which does not require much mind, every non toxic food can work as body needs calories to work and sugar has no place to settle in body
  9. @MorrisBellNaturalRemedies: Love content like this 👏
I focus on simple, natural weight-loss foods too.
Shared 17 sugar-free foods on my channel.
  10. @BEACHPEOPLE37: I eat junk food and drink soda and I don't care
  11. @frederichcaetano7852: Stopped watching 10 seconds in.. I'm not here to lose weight. Why is always about losing weight with you fat freaks
  12. @snuffle2269: Talks about Pecans while showing pictures of walnuts.
  13. @conworldus8310: Grassy plants like kale or broccoli are absolutely carb heavy.   Just eat a steak and eat once a day.  Save yourself and save the planet int he process.
  14. @neomt2: Kale carries a lot of heavy metals, esp lead. Thats what kale is a soil cleaner and filter. Do not eat it
  15. @SecondWindLiving: "Wow, this list is a game-changer! 🌟 It's incredible to see that there are so many healthy food options out there that have no carbs and no sugar—perfect for maintaining a balanced diet and staying healthy, especially for seniors! These kinds of foods not only support weight management but also help improve energy levels and promote overall wellness. Can't wait to try out some of these suggestions and incorporate them into my meals. Thank you for the valuable insights, definitely saving this video for future reference! 🙌"
  16. @ginadiodati1965: I believe in a very low carb life now.  However, 😂 boy, I remember the 90s diets... we were told to avoid eggs and bacon and instead eat oatmeal and bagels.
  17. @GoldenWellnessHub: 02:02 Such an insightful and trustworthy breakdown!
The way you blend scientific research with clear explanations of each food’s benefits makes it easy for viewers to incorporate them into their daily diets. Love how concise yet informative the content is!
  18. @cesarcantu813: ♥️🥣🍣🍣😍🤠👨🏽‍🦼
  19. @suepartington8570: Fantastic ❤
  20. @kidneyCare60: 1. Red Meats
2. Kale
3. Eggs
4. Pecan Nuts
5. Cruciferous Vegetables
6. Avocados
7. Olive Oil
8. Butter
9. Mushrooms
10. Herbs
11. Wild Salmon

- The ULTIMATE Shopping Guide For Diabetics - What To Eat & Avoid w/ Diabetes: Kind: captions Language: en live city fam what is up it is bobby on the north side of chicago about to go in the grocery store for the ultimate guide to shopping when you have diabetes and you're on a diabetic diet we're gonna cover every inch of the grocery store from fresh produce meat the middle aisles dairy all the good stuff so i show you the best quality items and products to put in your body when you're on a low sugar low carb diabetic diet you don't have to sacrifice quality you don't have to sacrifice flavor anymore because there's some next level products upstairs but i'm going to show you what to buy what to avoid and why in detail before we get rocking and rolling you know the drill like subscribe share all those things are lovely but right below the video is a bell you're going to want to enable all notifications on my channel because every single week we have like six videos going live three videos three live cooking streams where we make a recipe from start to finish it's a lot of fun all right let's mask up let's go shopping and do our thing let's navigate our way through the produce section and find the best veggies and fruits for a diabetic diet i love this fruit and veggie section here at whole foods it's just so colorful really makes me happy what makes me happy also is avocados avocados are a very fiber-rich food they also have a lot of yummy fat really really good fat for you and what do we talk about foods that are high in fiber are prebiotics they're very good for the tummy bacteria avocados are fantastic for a diabetic and a keto diet it's actually one of the most fiber rich foods here in the produce section but probably the most fiber rich food in the produce section is right here it's the artichoke the artistry just looks like it has a lot of fiber it looks like something that's going to be a colon cleanser goes through your system just getting all the stuff out of there and pushing it through the thing is it's very hard to prepare this and it's kind of a pain in the butt because all these leaves on the outside are inedible you have to shave it down to get to the heart and then steam it or boil it the thing is if we go to the middle aisle section i bet we can find a much easier more consumer-friendly version of the artichoke let's go over there really quick there we go this is what i was talking about these are artichoke hearts usually baby artichoke hearts in water or in oil all of that hard work has been done for you so it's much easier to consume and these are just artichokes with water sea salt and a little bit of citric acid as the preservative that's totally fine but look at this we're talking about three grams of fiber for a one serving size is one jar very very nice the thing is careful when they're marinated and put in oil if the oil is not olive oil or extra virgin olive oil run forest run why because this one here let's see is packed in sunflower oil sunflower oil like we talked about is inflammatory highly processed plant-based oil plant-based oils that are processed spike your cholesterol people with diabetes oftentimes have high cholesterol so if you can't find it with uh extra virgin olive oil or olive oil just go for the ones packed in water you're good to go let me check the fiber on this one this one has four grams of fiber for three pieces yeah that seems higher for some reason this one seemed low very very fiber rich food we're officially going to call uh artichokes the colon blow of the fruit and vegetable section this stuff is dynamite green leafy vegetables are your friend they're generally low in carbs and they're very high in fiber one of my favorites is kale well they don't have it today i usually stay away from the green curly kale because it's a little too fibrous and rubbery the lacinato kale is a little bit better but you always want to get organic kale that's on the dirty dozen spinach is always on the dirty dozen but you want to get organic but it's very high in fiber all lettuces to be honest when you get romaine red leaf lettuce what's that over there a little bit of escarole always get those organic because they tend to be high in pesticides and chemicals one vegetable that's very high in fiber and low carb is broccoli but you don't have to get organic broccoli broccoli has a natural compound in it that prevents bugs and insects from attacking it so they spray it less you can actually get conventional broccoli you can get conventional cabbage you don't have to splurge for organic and that's loaded with fiber another gut friendly food cauliflower just like broccoli has that natural compound in there you don't have to get organic fantastic for making a rice substitute you just want to stay away from the starchy vegetables like your butternut squashes like the potatoes over there sweet potatoes all that stuff all the yams asparagus asparagus is fantastic and you don't have to get organic asparagus either because you usually shave away the bottoms of the stalks here and that's where any of the chemicals would live so no need to splurge for that don't have to get organic brussels sprouts which are high in fiber too they have that natural compound just like the cabbage does so there's really a lot of options here and once you know what to get organic and not to get organic which is very important but the dirty dozen ones are very very dirty you're home free would you ever think that chocolate can be part of a diabetic's diet and the answer is yes because dark chocolate is actually high in fiber antioxidants and a bunch of other good nutrients but not all dark chocolate is created equally so look at this this is organic dark chocolate it says 57 cocoa the thing is i believe that to be legally called dark chocolate it has to have a minimum of 55 cocoa so this is barely there so the only issue with this is we look at what's going on here and per serving there's still 14 grams of added sugar now listen when you're on a diabetic diet 14 grams of added sugar is too much so even though it's technically dark chocolate i would go for a higher cocoa percentage we come down here here we go 68 that's a little bit better and it has almonds which are high in fiber too look what happens the sugar goes down a little bit not as much as i'd want to see because still 68 is good but i think we can do better what kind of better there we go look at this 85 exquisitely rich dark chocolate look what happens to the sugar boom goes the dynamite down to four grams of added sugar and four grams of fiber which is fantastic for a three serving bar that is really really good stuff now if you want to avoid sugar altogether we live in a new uh century that has some really really exciting stuff such as this this is keto nut butter chocolate bars this is crazy because number one it's tasty i have this at home right now number two number two it's open already so don't buy this one exactly but look what's going on here we have five grams of fiber and zero grams of added sugar how do you do that well look at these next level ingredients first of all everything's organic they're adding a little bit of jerusalem artichoke fiber there which is great because it jacks up the fiber and they're sweetening it with monk fruit extract this stuff is literally delicious and maybe one of the most healthy nutrient-dense keto chocolates on the market so that's great once again not that one if you want something a little different here go for lily's sugar-free dark chocolate so check this out this is extra dark sweetened with stevia so we look at the ingredients see inulin right there inulin is a fiber supplement so that's going to jack up the fiber and i don't mind the soy lettuce lecithin that's an emulsifier it's non-gmo soy says it here somewhere there we go non-gmo soy very common in certain chocolates but zero grams of sugar 10 grams of that's amazing so you have some options if you want to avoid sugar completely if you want sugar just go for the highest percentage cocoa you can get and remember not all chocolate is the same look for the highest percentage of chocolate around but man oh man there's some really exciting stuff in the chocolate world just because you're diabetic you don't have to cut it out if you're going to eat pasta on a diabetic diet you really want to avoid the traditional enriched wheat pastas those are made with a white wheat flour that spike the crud out of your blood sugar and offer no nutrition you're going to want to in the alternative pasta section usually made of brown rice and legumes and stuff like that and you want to go you're going to want to go with the most nutrient-dense high-fiber pasta on the market and that's made from red lentils red lentils or chickpeas are just fantastic because you look at the macros look at that you guys protein off the charts but fiber a nine gram serving of fiber in a three ounce portion is fantastic and i believe the chickpea pasta should be the same yeah three ounces nine grams so why is that important well when you're going to have carbs number one you do have to limit them but number two you want to one have ones that are made with whole grains like these because they're not gonna spike your blood sugars nearly as much as the other pasta that being said let's say you want pasta a really indulgent dish and you don't want to spike your blood sugar at all well you still don't want to eat these made from legumes there is one pasta that's almost zero carbs has a ton of fiber and it lives in the refrigerated section let's go check it out it's one of my favorite all right here it is i know they always have it at whole foods and usually in walmart super centers it's either in the produce section or right here in the vegan section and this is it it's called pasta zero now there's a lot of shirataki noodles on the market but i find that nasoya pasta zero is the best so what makes it so good well number one there's spaghetti shapes or fettuccine but look at these macros okay there's two servings in a bag to be honest it's more like one serving but there's two grams of net carbs times two servings there's only four grams of neck carbs and a whopping six grams of fiber in this whole bag what's so cool the ingredients are also clean as a whistle here it's made with cone jack flour and something like this is also known as a prebiotic foods that are high in uh fiber are prebiotics and they feed your gut bacteria so in addition to not spiking your blood sugar it fosters good bacteria in your gut and i'm all about that i really believe the backbone to healthy living is a good gut bacteria and flora i use this a lot in my still number one best-selling keto meal prepping cookbook if you're looking for diabetic friendly recipes and keto recipes i'll put that link down below you guys still after 15 months now it's a number one best seller on amazon all because of y'all and we have a bunch of really cool recipes using this and spaghetti squash that are great for diabetes and diabetic diets so look for these they're a fantastic pasta substitute that won't spike your blood at all we have entered the breakfast aisle and they always say that you should eat whole grains that are really rich in fiber when you're on a diabetic diet why is that because the fiber actually moves through your system very slowly and it prevents your blood sugars from spiking the thing is something like oatmeal still has a lot of carbs so i would really limit the amount of oatmeal in your diet if you're going to eat oatmeal there's a couple guidelines i like to follow number one don't go for any flavored kinds because anytime you see something like maple pecan or any flavor that always means there's added sugar and when you see eight grams of added sugar that's two teaspoons of added cane that is not good for you at all so always go for plain and then that brings me to point number two always look for if you can steel cut oats because a lot of people don't realize steel cut oats compared to rolled oats have a little more fiber so this is the serving size for one serving of rolled oats has three and one serving of steel cut should be higher let's see here yeah it has four grams so you're probably going to want to get the quick cooking steel cut oats and please always get organic oats whether you do the rolled oats or the steel cuts see these aren't organic what's the problem with well oats actually score high in glyphosate glyphosate is the active ingredient in roundup why the heck would roundup be sprayed on oats while they're sprayed on oats because they're used as a desiccant a drying agent to dry out the oats at the end of the growing process to make it easier and quicker to harvest because of that the glyphosate levels score high you don't want that chunk in your body so go organic but if you're going to eat oats i would supplement part of your oats with a low carb high fiber item like one of these chia seeds the miracle plant that grows or flax seeds these are amazing because in addition to being a low carb they're loaded with fiber look at that six grams of fiber two grams of net carbs and a ton of protein so i would actually do maybe like half and half oatmeal and that or skip the oatmeal all together get chia seeds which have basically the same nutritional profile of the flax seeds make chia seed pudding i have recipes for dairy free chia seed pudding once again in my keto meal prepping cookbook and on my blog i'll put links down below i can do a sugar-free keto chocolate chia seed pudding you can do a low glycemic blueberry chia seed pudding the point is you're going to want to limit the whole grains supplement them with chia seeds and flax seeds and don't add any sugar or any kind of inflammatory items to the oatmeal and you're good to go this is actually my favorite section of the grocery store the cooking oils and fats aisle because there's so many great fats and oils that didn't used to be at the grocery store in the 80s and 90s and some of the best ones i think to cook with on a diabetic diet are grass-fed yeah all of these amazing pasture-raised and grass-fed animal fats like duck fat beef tallow pasture-raised pork fat virgin coconut oil is fantastic and avocado oil is another good one and then down here olive oil olive oil is great and a lot of people ask me one of the best ones to cook with and finish with at the grocery store and it's actually this it's a usa california based company called california olive ranch i've seen cheaper prices here and there but this is actually a cooking evoo and a finishing extra virgin olive oil i actually cook with extra virgin olive oil not like a top shelf bottle that costs a lot of money something like this or if you're a costco member get the big organic kirkland uh extra virgin olive oil and cook with that and finish it if you want or just get a really good bottle of finishing oil like one of these like super small ones here something like this this would be something you wouldn't want to cook with because it's very expensive you want to finish with so why are those good why is he talking about fats we're not talking about uh cholesterol we're talking about diabetes here that's because if you cook with oils like canola oil sunflower oil soybean oil safflower oil stuff like these are actually very inflammatory why does that matter because inflammatory foods actually cause cholesterol cholesterol spikes people with diabetes oftentimes have high cholesterol so when you're eating and using oils that have refined oils that are highly processed and highly inflammatory they're gonna spike your cholesterol why is something like canola oil inflammatory that's because it's processed at such high heat and usually gmo if it's not organic it's inflammatory you don't want that stuff in your body and conventional canola oil uses hexane the chemical to extract the oil from the plant making it inflammatory making it raise your cholesterol making it bad for diabetics so stick with the heart healthier oils the avocado oil the coconut oil ghee coconut oil is a good saturated fat don't believe the hype that it's bad for you and it makes your cholesterol go up it actually makes it go down it's a very very special oil bottom line have inflam low inflammatory oils avoid the processed plant-based oils get the ones i just recommended i've talked about the benefits of a hundred percent grass-fed beef many many times grass-fed beef is not only better for the cow the farmer the environment and for you because the nutritional profile is better it's also beneficial to a diabetic diet because when you see something that says 100 grass-fed or grass-fed and grass finish it has to say one of those two things otherwise it could be finished on grain if it only says grass-fed it has more conjugated linoleic acids those are actually a very beneficial compound that's good for people with diabetes so when you're at the grocery store just look for it i always get the higher fat percentage this is 85 beef to 15 fat and it's a little cheaper than the lean what is this 95 7. you're probably going to overcook that and like i said the fat in here is healthy it's actually good for you because it's pasteurized never eaten grain why is that better than something that's grain fed because when you have traditional ground beef that's grain fed they're eating gmo soy and corn those are inflammatory feed and because of that the nutritional profile of grain fed cattle is lower than grass fed it's available everywhere now you can get it even for way better prices than this for many reasons including diabetes purposes go for grass-fed ground beef it doesn't have to be organic necessarily it just has to say 100 grass-fed or grass-fed and grass finish way better than corn fed grain fed gmo beef yogurt is something that's very very tricky because there's hidden sugars lurking in 99 of the yogurts on the market so obviously you want to get plain unsweetened but that also applies to simple things like vanilla when you see something like vanilla at the grocery store it doesn't mean it doesn't have sugar look at this this is organic which is great for yogurt vanilla you guys that's 16 grams of sugar for a three-quarter cup serving 16 grams of sugar is four teaspoons four teaspoons of cane sugar in one serving so you have to go plain organic is good but you could actually do better so what does that mean well here's a greek style plane that's actually even better because what happens when something is greek style it's strained what happens when you strain yogurt well number one you intensify the protein but number two you remove the lactose what lives in the lactose the sugar so greek yogurt is inherently lower in sugar but this is not oh it is organic but we can do better how can we do better that sounds too good to be true it's down here this is by far what i think the best yogurt on the market it's not only it's not only greek style it's a hundred percent grass-fed grass-fed dairy has the highest nutritional profile of any other dairy on the market because they're eating grass higher clas higher omega-3 fatty acids and it's whole milk yogurt whole milk yogurt is going to have lower sugar so because it's strained and greek style look at this the total sugar here is five grams per three-quarter cup that's five grams of natural sugar if it were unstrained it'd have maybe seven or eight so lower sugar plus all those beneficial fatty acids in the saturated fat and greek you can't always get this at every grocery store if you can't get it just get organic whole milk yogurt but i would honestly take a trip to somewhere like a whole foods that has this because it's worth it now what if you're dairy free like me and you want your low carb sugar-free fix these guys got you covered kite hill makes a greek style almond-based yogurt that is so good and good for you so look at this first of all fiber's off the charts five grams of fiber per serving and three grams of natural sugar and 13 grams of protein how do they do they do it by here we go this is how they do it it's strained and has 13 grams of almond protein isolate in there so really really good stuff if you're dairy free or if you want uh dairy just avoid the sugar go greek style go organic or grass-fed when you can i think most everyone on a diabetic diet knows you have to avoid traditional sodas because the sugars can be astronomical but when this video is done i want you to watch the video from yesterday when i talked about the worst artificial sweeteners on the market so if you have diabetes and you're drinking diet pepsi and diet coke i want you to stop because of instead of adding sugar they're adding aspartame and sucralose or splenda and those are devastating artificial sweeteners that are so bad for your health your brain your gut so avoid those and go for something like stevia sweetened soda these guys are available everywhere they have all these different flavors here i would avoid any of the ones that have caramel coloring because caramel coloring is a known carcinogen stick with the regular soda here and it's sweetened with stevia and it has natural flavors they all have natural flavors you can't avoid it i'd rather you have natural flavors than fake sugar that's really devastating for your health stevia is not now don't think that you can have something like this because this is izzy and it's not sweetened with any sugar you see zero grams of added but it's sweetened with fruit juice concentrate 27 grams of sugar is still 27 grams of how much is 27 grams of sugar it's over six teaspoons so even though it's fruit juice concentrate it's still gonna spike your blood sugar so i would avoid something like this go for the zero calorie zero carb stevia sweetened sodas that's really what you want and as long as you're in the snack food aisle here what's what's some of the best snack foods for a diabetic diet it's going to be chicharrones why well first of all they're darn delicious they're crispy fatty and salty but look at this zero carbs that's amazing and they're actually not as high in fat as you think there's five grams or five servings in here at four and a half grams of fat per that's just over 20 grams of fat but there's no carbs there's no starch any of the chicharrones that don't have added sugar like you probably don't want the dessert ones are going to be good to go and then i know a lot of people ask me about these these are chicken chips so on the surface they should be diabetic friendly but if i look at the carbs here there's nine grams of carbs per serving two servings per bag 18 grams of carbs where is that coming from this is chicken well it's coming from the tapioca flour they're covered in tapioca flour but also look at this they're fried or baked in sunflower oil and they have maltodextrin maltodextrin also is high on the glycemic index it comes from gmo corn so keep that in mind when you're looking at packages and it's not a in my opinion high quality oil it's expeller pressed higher leg sunflower oil it's still a processed plant-based oil it is better when it's expeller pressed but processed plant-based oils like this are going to be inflammatory the maltodextrin is going to be inflammatory and the tapioca starch makes it high in carbs so it's not really a diabetic friendly chip although you think it might be i stick with the chicharrones wash it down with some of that xevia all right y'all that is it i got my groceries for the weekend i'm good to go that was nice right there's a lot of really top quality products and ingredients in the grocery store that are not only low carb low sugar diabetic friendly but they have best in class ingredients you don't have to sacrifice flavor or quality just because you're on the diabetic diet if you want to see more videos like this please leave a comment down below let me know i love making these videos for you once again if you need really good diabetic friendly recipes i'll put the link to my best-selling 15-16 month best-selling keto meal prepping cookbook in the description box like subscribe share the only way this channel keeps growing the only way we keep helping people but the best quality stuff in their body is by you spreading that love two more videos are below me right now but i will see you soon art desi and rose we'll see you soon until then we leave you like we always do hashtag keep on cooking mad love and peace later

  Top Comments:
  1. @fgrjk1314: Great job with this Video!  Excellent delivery with quality information on each step of the diabetic food journey
  2. @YasminaPatel-td1rn: Which store is this.
  3. @harlanabraham7772: Am subscribed.  Love Avocados.
  4. @AmyBlake-i4w: Yes. Please more diabetic videos.   My A1C was 11.  Now it's under 9, but I have a long way to go.  I lost 20 lbs and was eating everything.   I had no idea it was diabetes. This is the 2nd video I've seen of yours.  Download your app so I at least will learn what's good for me.  Writing my shopping list.  Thank you so much.
  5. @NouriaFit: How simple . No wonder Hippocrates said ... Let Food be thy Medicine else Medicine will become thy Food . Thanx for this reminder. Why will any one complain with such a colourful list.
  6. @kirkdennis830: Nestolgia....
  7. @kathrynabbruzzese5007: I miss soda; I miss the carbonation from soda. I found "Waterloo," a carbonated sparkling water. zero everything. Love it. Summer Berry is my favorite flavor
  8. @CRE-w3x: I had kidney stones and the dr told me diet cokes probably caused them. He said to always drink clear soda if I had any.
  9. @susiemccoy7: My sister is diabetic... thank you
  10. @SonyFanMan1: Why not just ask your Grandma what she ate as a child …… simple advice …… if it has a barcode on it, avoid it
  11. @chenxiuhuannn9401: Healix AI = the clarity I needed. No workouts, no motivation gimmicks… just data that actually works for me. ❤
  12. @lauriecomeau5795: Thank you so much! After years of gaining weight, low energy, & high cholesterol I am learning how to decrease sugar intake, increase fiber, & eat smarter! Your cookbook looks awesome! 👏
  13. @seanshaffer7163: I’d like to see in your app you put a feature in there where I can choose diabetic click it every time I scan something it’ll look for if it’s diabetic friendly it’ll let me know and when you need to have a picture of something I take the picture and upload. I can just click it and send it right upload it to you. I don’t have to go into my camera roll and I would like when your thing comes up and it’s good or bad. I can click a speaker thing and it’ll tell me what’s good about it. What’s bad about it for people who have a hard time reading
  14. @greyman5590: Why the face diaper? You lose credibility when you show the world you bought into a mask’s ability to filter a virus. If you can smell a fart is certainly won’t filter a virus.
  15. @PooleSilly: I am grateful to say that I am a born again Christian and have been since I was 19.......the reason I believe we have diseases of all sorts such as cancer diabetes leukemia autism terminal illness heart disease is because we are still living in a fallen world under the curse of sin until God one day gloriously removes it! In 2 Corinthians 12:9 Paul pleaded with the lord to remove the thorn from his flesh however the lord turned down his request and said “My grace is sufficient for thee! My power is perfected in your weakness!” We can rest assure that God is always with us and if we just lean and rely on him he is always with us, and will never leave nor forsake us! Praise Be to God! He is omnipresent at all times and even though we may experience more than we can handle, he will never put more on us than only he himself can handle! However folks if you don’t know Christ as your savior then it burdens my soul to think that you are headed for a terrible place called Hell where the Bible says the fire is never quenched and the worm dies not! the truth is we are all in a terminal illness state and no one is promised tomorrow! If you want to know how to be saved from this horrible reality then please by all means don’t hesitate to comment right back so I can lead you to the savior! 2 Corinthians 6:2 clearly states “now is the time of God’s favor, now is the day of salvation!” And Hebrews 3:15 clearly states, “Today if you hear his voice don’t harden your heartsIt is not me but the Holy Spirit that I pray reveals to you the truth of his precious gospel......John 3:16 says for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whoever believes on him will not perish but have everlasting life! V 17 says then V 18 says whoever believes on the son is not condemned but whoever does not believe on the son is condemned already because he has not believed on the son whom God has sent! Also Acts 16:30-31 what must I do to be saved? And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house I am not threatening anyone but just warning them what will happen if they reject this precious gift of eternal life! Christ died a horrible criminals death! He was beaten brutally mocked spit upon and endured countless hours of torture pain for all of our sins! Ppl go to hell because they reject that pardon for their sins! And Jesus is saying to them in Matthew 25:41 depart from me you cursed into everlasting fire prepared for the devil and his angels! Hell was only prepared for Satan and his angels! It is not God who threatens anyone it is the craziness of rejecting the free pardon of salvation! It’s like if you’re in court you’ve committed a crime say you murdered someone! Now if you say to that Judge hey I know I’ve done a terrible thing of murdering that person but I hear you’re a good judge and so I know you’ll be fair to me...... the judge is going to reply well yes you’re right about one thing I am a good judge and because I’m a good judge I’m going to see to it that you’re punished and that justice is served! Well then all of a sudden someone you don’t even know comes forward and says you know what I know he’s committed the crime he’s committed and he deserves to go to jail  but I really don’t want to see him go to prison so I’ll just go to prison for him so he can go free! So if you accepted that offer you’d be free to leave the courtroom but if you didn’t well you’d be crazy and go to prison yourself! Well that’s exactly how it was 2,000 years ago! He is God in human flesh and he came to this earth lived a perfect sinless life and even though he knew that we had sinned and because of our sins deserved to die miserably but he said no I don’t want to see them suffer so I will go and take their punishment for them! Even though he did absolutely nothing wrong still he chose to take the punishment for our sins so we can be set free from the power bondages and consequences of our disobedience to God! Romans 5:8 says For God commends his love toward us that while we were yet sinners Christ died for us! 1 John 2:2 says he was made to be the propitiation for our sins! And not just for our sins but the sins of the whole world! 2 Corinthians 5:21 He who knew no sin became Sin for us that we would be made his righteousness! The truth is if you had to get to Heaven by your own effort then you cannot do it! Because Romans 3:10 says there is not one that does good! No Not One! Romans 3:23 says For all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God! Romans 6:23 says For the wages of sin is death! But the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our lord! But the good news is Romans 10:9 If we confess with our mouth and believes in our hearts that Christ died for our sins then was raised from the dead we will be saved! V 10 For it’s with the heart we believe and it’s with the mouth confession is made unto salvation! God gave us 10 commandments to follow and we’ve broken every one of them! And because God is a good God he cannot allow our disobedience to him to go unpunished! Well then like I just mentioned above his son Jesus stepped forward and said no I don’t want to see them punished so I will take their punishment for them! And also like I said he died a terrible substitute criminal’s death for us on a cross so now all we have to do is accept that payment for our sins and we can escape the terrible wrath of God that is to fall on them who do not accept this atonement that was sacrificed for our sins! Praise the lord Romans 10:13 says Whoever calls on the name of the lord shall be saved! And 1 Peter 1:4 you’re an inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and that fadeth not away, reserved in heaven for you! Christ clearly said in John 14:6 I am the way the truth and the life and no one comes to the father but through me! Acts 4:12 clearly states that there is no other name given unto Heaven or earth by which we must be saved as there is salvation in no other!  Jesus clearly states that there is clearly only one way to Salvation and it’s him that’s it! There is no other way! God Bless everyone who reads!
  16. @PooleSilly: God right now I lift up everyone perhaps struggling with cancer diabetes leukemia covid fibromyalgia heart disease or whatever the disease might be and i also lift up everyone who is reading this and lord I pray in Jesus Name that if there is anyone who doesn’t know you or is troubled about their souls reading this then by all means please allow this comment to enlighten their path to draw them to yourself and gloriously be saved from that horrible eternal place called Hell lord that’s my prayer and that’s my hope! I pray that Satan will be completely banned from this comment right now in Jesus Name and Satan only by the authority of Jesus Christ and his word which I stand upon you are completely banned from this comment! I don’t care whether you like it or not I am praying for the lost to get saved and am seeking to completely set fire to your harvest Mr.! you are nothing but a Liar with a capital L the father of Lies!!!!! A cheater! A deceiver! A joker! A murderer! A thief! A stalker! A depressant! And most of all a father of lies low down yellow dog loooooooser! And there's absolutely nothing you're going to say or do that's going to change your future whatsoever! you are going to be cast into the lake of fire where you're going to burn forever and ever and whether you like it or not we are all gods children and praise be to God we won't be joining you......... So in Jesus name I demand and insist that you back away from us entirely leave us all alone get thee behind Jesus and don't come back you hear me? Don't come back ever and in Jesus name be gone forever your father of lies loser! Because you're going to hell! Repeat you're going to hell! And your time is short! Lord again please just reach out to the lost folks that read this comment! Lord if anyone is troubled about their souls then please I beg you may they waste no time commenting back to me so I can show them how to come to know the precious sweet savior Jesus who made it possible to escape the wrath to come! God time is running out and ppl need to respond to the Gospel quickly before it is too late! If Jesus would forsake the 99 sheep go outta his way to still try to save the one remaining lost lamb then can you please use me to reach out to the remaining lost lambs! Also please be with Ray Comfort Kirk Cameron and all those street preaching and sharing your word and the gospel during these darkening days lord I want nothing more than to see your wonderful precious and holy name most high and glorified whatever that takes! Also for the ones inflicted with diseases everyday I call on Jehovah Shalom who is our wonderful precious and blessed prince of peace to please just surround comfort shower and pour out all on them the shallomness of your peace that surpasses all understanding and may your powerful sweet and precious rich extra helping hand of grace be much helpful and sufficient for them to pull through all their faced with and your word tells us in Deuteronomy 31:6, Deuteronomy 31:8, Joshua 1:5, 1 Kings 8:57, 1 Chronicles 28:20, Psalm 37:28, Psalm 94:14, Isaiah 41:17, Isaiah 42:16, and Hebrews 13:5 that you will never leave nor forsake us! So please just fill all their minds with these precious promises that they are never alone but you are always right there beside them every second of 24/7! Lord as your children everyday I ask that you please fill our hearts with much patience grace wisdom strength and obedience to accomplish your perfect will and as we as your children through these dark days seek the bright light of your face May we daily much exalt magnify and glorify high and lift up the king of kings and the Lord of lords much to the fullest extent in all we say and do lord that's my prayer and that's my hope! Please lord again use us and strengthen us to win the lost to you! As always God in the good times you are worthy to be praised and we're going to give you all the glory with thanksgiving in our hearts for you giving us all things to enjoy and in the bad times we're still going to do just the same lord because you are Jehovah Jireh our provider Jehovah Nissi our banner Jehovah Ropheka our healer and the perfect physician Dr. Jesus Christ Jehovah Shalom our wonderful and blessed prince of peace! And the God who comforts us in all of our afflictions! You are the alpha the omega the beginning and the end! The first and the last are you! The absolute timeless God the eternal God the infinite God the Holy God the righteous God the beautiful God the Rose of Sharon the buckler the captain of our soul the dayspring from on high the daystar the bright and morning star the lily of the valley the light of the world! Lord thank you so much for your death on the cross for our sins! Romans 5:8 says God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. And also John 3:16-17 says For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life! For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Yes lord you are worthy of all our praise worship and adoration! Thank you for your unfailing love toward us and for saving our souls from the pits of Hell! And Lord no matter how fiery our trials can become lord just giving you all the praise and thanksgiving will cause us to become overcomers and more than conquerors! And as always no matter how painful or even unbearable our temporary sufferings can become still Romans 8:18 paints just the perfect picture of just how small and temporary our troubles are compared to eternity as it states that our present sufferings are not worthy to be compared to the glory that shall be revealed in us! And I also know that 1st Thessalonians 4:16-18 day is coming For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first: Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore comfort one another with these words. Also 1 Corinthians 15:51-52 tells us that Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed, In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. And also Revelation 21:4 day is near and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes and there shall be no more crying death sorrow neither shall there be any more pain for all the former things have passed away and all things are new! What a day that will be! When my Jesus I shall see! When I look upon his face! The one who saved me by his grace! When he takes me by the hand and leads me to the promised land! What a day! Glorious day! That will be! Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away! To that place where Joy shall never end! I'll fly away! I'll fly away oh glory! I'll fly away in the morning! When I die hallelujah by and by! I'll fly away! By and by when the morning comes! When the saints of God are gathered home we will tell the story of how we've overcome! And we'll understand it better by and by! Sing the wondrous love of Jesus! Sing his mercy and his grace! In the mansions bright and blessed! He'll prepare for us a place! When we all get to heaven what a day of rejoicing that will be! When we all see Jesus! We'll sing and shout the victory! O victory in Jesus! My savior forever! He sought me! And bought me! With his redeeming blood! He loved me ere I knew him! And all my love is due him! He plunged me to victory! Beneath the cleansing flood! And as Titus 2:13 puts it we are waiting for that blessed hope of the glorious appearing of our lord and savior Jesus Christ! I'm kinda homesick for a country to which I've never been before! No sad good byes will there be spoken! And time won't matter anymore! Beluah Land I'm longing for you and someday on thee I'll stand where my home shall be eternal! Beluah Land Sweet Beluah Land!!!! Yes lord what a wonderful beautiful glorious and victorious morning that still lies ahead for all of us who belong to you and are called according to your purpose! Forever all our pain will be forever forgotten ousted and vanished in the presence of our lord and savior Jesus Christ! Yes lord please use these reminders to set all of our minds on things above and not things down here! and finally when all is said and done please just multiply and pour out all on our days ahead with much smiles satisfaction and laughter unimaginable sunshiny happy days and Joy unspeakable! Also please fill each of our cup till it overflows! Finally please just remind us we as brothers and sisters Will be in much prayer for each other love one another dearly and will never give up on one another as long as it takes and I pray all this in his precious and holy name amen.......:-)
  17. @Duane-o2j: Hi Bobby,
Love the videos.
Do you have any recommendations for diabetic frozen dinners?
I’m a single man of 60 years old and don’t really enjoy cooking.
Thank you for all the great help 
Truly
Duane S
  18. @AshantiJones-c5s: Thank u so much u helped me sooooo much
  19. @patricianolin3164: Great job, thank you. God bless you and your circle.
  20. @ShineWithinYou: I just want to say thank you for this! You made this so simple. Thank you bro

- 10 Low Carb Metabolism Boosting Foods for Thyroid Support: Kind: captions Language: en thyroid hormones regulate your metabolic rate to optimize their performance you need to get the right nutrients inside of you in this video i'll share 10 low carb foods that contain these nutrients so you can eat your way to a better metabolism every cell in your body needs thyroid hormones to help generate and use energy which ultimately regulates your basal metabolic rate or bmr to do their job these metabolic hormones must get inside of your cells which is no small feat because there are three obstacles your body must overcome first your thyroid gland must make a sufficient amount of hormones next the inactive form which is t4 must be converted to the active form which is t3 and then that activated hormone must cross the cell membrane to get inside your cell where it does its job overcoming each of these obstacles requires specific nutrients you can get those nutrients into your diet with these 10 foods first on our list is shrimp i put it first because it is rich in iodine which is one of the principal nutrients needed to make thyroid hormones in fact the full name for the active t3 is triodo thyronine and if you look closely at that name you'll see that the beginning of the word tri-iodo literally means three iodine atoms are within the chemical compound the problem is that our bodies cannot make iodine so we need to get it from our diets we do that by eating iodine rich foods like shrimp or other foods that come from the sea like other kinds of seafood or even seaweed for instance iodized salt is another option for boosting the amount of iodine that you're consuming however shrimp gives you some added thyroid benefits besides iodine it has a good source of selenium which is a mineral that helps to turn the inactive form of thyroid hormones which is that t4 into the active t3 form wild salmon is a type of fish that contains many nutrients that are vital for thyroid function one of those nutrients is tyrosine which is an amino acid like iodine tyrosine is needed for your thyroid gland to make thyroid hormones salmon also provides a healthy dose of selenium which i mentioned helps with the activation of thyroid hormones and it also is rich in omega-3 fatty acids these fatty acids support the integrity of your cell membranes creating a smooth path for thyroid hormones to cross into your cells where they regulate energy production so when you include salmon in your diet you provide the nutrients needed to make activate and deliver thyroid hormones more efficiently spinach and other dark leafy greens are a great source of selenium they also have iron and zinc iron and zinc work alongside selenium to enhance the conversion of t4 to t3 zinc also supports your immune system which may offer additional support for individuals with the most common form of hypothyroidism which is an autoimmune form called hashimoto's thyroiditis spinach can be used as a base of your daily salad or it can be incorporated in a recipe or omelettes or soups and these richly colored leaves also pack a healthy serving of vitamin a which is helpful for optimizing thyroid hormone function bone broth is rich in collagen and the gut healthy amino acids glycine and proline that help to prevent or heal leaky gut a leaky gut also called increased intestinal permeability is a condition that can increase your risk of the autoimmune form of hypothyroidism with leaky gut the cell junctions that line the digestive tract wall spread apart allowing small food particles to leak out of the tract and into the blood these leaked particles provide a path for food proteins like gluten and dairy proteins as well as other digested particles to pass into your bloodstream where your immune system identifies them as foreign invaders that must be attacked because gluten and dairy molecules look a lot like thyroid cells your thyroid cells get attacked in a case of mistaken identity this is a phenomenon known as molecular mimicry and has been identified as playing a role in autoimmune diseases there are different bone broths available in liquid or powder form that easily mixes with any hot or cold drink and the added perk of bone broth is the collagen that it has supports the health of your hair skin and nails but you do need to buy quality the cheap bone broth cartons that you find in the grocery store are likely only simmered for a few hours which is not long enough to extract the collagen and the nutrients that you need to benefit your gut and ultimately your thyroid garlic is often touted for its health benefits and contains nutrients beneficial for optimal thyroid function it is a good source of selenium and it might help your body to metabolize iron a daily dose of garlic will also supply your body with b vitamins needed for the support of your immune system and help to inhibit pro-inflammatory cytokines that are involved in hashimoto's thyroiditis walnuts are a great source of plant-based omega-3 fatty acids these healthy fats support your cell membranes allowing thyroid hormones to move into your cells easily walnuts are something that i eat just about every day on my daily salad they provide a nice crunch they have a wonderful mix of macronutrients for low carb dieters even if you just have four or five walnut halves a day which is about a half of an ounce you'll get more than nine grams of healthy fats and less than two grams of carbs and while that half ounce will have 90 calories walnuts are hunger satiating making them an easy enjoyable and effective part of your overall weight loss plan now one small note according to the mayo clinic if you are taking thyroid hormone replacement medication walnuts may impair the absorption of the medication so they should not be consumed together okay next we have blueberries which are filled with the vitamins your body needs to make thyroid hormones and move your hormones into your cells and their deep rich color indicates that they are rich in antioxidants which are compounds that indirectly support thyroid health by reducing inflammation and boosting your immune system now blueberries are not the lowest carb berry but they have a favorable glycemic index of 53 so you can feel good about incorporating them into recipes without fear of a blood sugar spike that can block fat loss and trigger hunger brazil nuts are one of the most concentrated dietary sources of selenium and with only about three grams of carbs per ounce they are a satisfying way to support your thyroid function and brazil nuts as you can see are large in size and just one nut a day will be enough to meet or exceed the recommended dietary allowance for selenium which for adults is 55 micrograms coconut oil contains medium chain triglycerides or mcts that are easily metabolized to provide energy and encourage weight loss and one of the main benefits for thyroid support is the high concentration of lauric acid in coconut oil this particular mct prevents the overgrowth of gut bacteria viruses and fungi that can open the door to thyroid issues some people will stir coconut oil into their coffee but being that it remains stable when heated it is also a very good choice for cooking all right next on my list is one of my favorites which is pumpkin seeds these low carb seeds are a source of tyrosine which is the amino acid that links with iodine to make thyroid hormones being that many sources of tyrosine are animal based foods pumpkin seeds are a viable way for those who don't eat a lot of animal products to boost their tyrosine intake pumpkin seeds also supply iron and selenium which are two of the nutrients needed to convert inactive thyroid hormone to the active form you know when your thyroid hormones are doing their job your metabolism is working for you helping you burn calories and lose weight when you include these 10 low carb foods in your diet you give your body the nutrients it needs to support your thyroid and metabolism and you add to the enjoyment of your low-carb diet i put these foods together in a download for you that you can get from my website for free and i will share the links here on the video and below in the description please join my channel by clicking on the subscribe button and then the bell icon which will alert you when my next video is released thanks so much for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [57 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free List of Low-Carb Foods for Thyroid Function: https://drbeckyfitness.com/best-low-carb-foods-for-thyroid/
  2. @shwpra [17 likes]: Best information on the topic. No background music, no photos. Simple and straight to the point. Thank you Doc.
  3. @bubblegumteal3236: I hate fish so much figuring out how to eat it is not going to be fun..
  4. @johnsonchellaiah7957: Thank you for sharing me the thyroid food list, my grandmother has gone too far eating papad and mango pickle for days😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
  5. @heidiogara3618: What if you do not eat any seafood?
  6. @TheZimma: Spinach is toxic & CARCINOGENIC .
  7. @gaian2000: I just learned that I have a thyroid goiter which is small. I'm over 70 so this might be expected but I am all about using food, beverages, vitamins, minerals and other supplements to prevent disease. This stuff works but you need to talk to someone knowledgeable. This doctor seems to know more than most about preventing disease.
  8. @naturegarden471: Not shrimps... most of shrimps are farm raised
  9. @wellbodisalone: Love the explanation!
  10. @slowmopoke: Wow great job.
  11. @ChhamKhattri-h7m: Thanks for outstanding explan
  12. @rehannahorcutt3098: Thank you so very much DR. Becky!! This is a great video thanks again for sharing this!!🙏
  13. @SeniorHealth60Channel: A really refreshing take on this topic. So much of the conversation around metabolism gets stuck on the simple 'eat less, move more' mantra, which can feel like fighting a battle against your own body. Your focus on supporting a foundational system like the thyroid is a far more nuanced and empowering approach.

This leads to a deeper philosophical question I'm always exploring: Is the ultimate goal to constantly 'manage' and 'boost' our metabolism with specific inputs, or is it to create an environment (through diet, lifestyle, even mindset) where the body can find its own natural, optimal equilibrium without our constant intervention?

Essentially, are we meant to be micromanagers of our biology, or gardeners tending to the soil so it can flourish on its own? I'd love to hear what others think about this distinction.
  14. @FashionSuggestions2: I dont understand if this diet is for hypothyroid or hyperthyroid?
  15. @olenjka777: Spinach is full of oxalates, which is bad...
  16. @npnpnp858: Started eating 200g whole food carbs like potatoes every morning with these minerals and bam thyroid fixed
  17. @sedricclay3516: 🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿
  18. @7treewildlife-31: 🙏🌷❤️🎉
  19. @GabMthirdy: thank you Dr. Becky's  Good information and  very helpful .
  20. @txladywolf01: Glad you popped up on my YouTube

- 1 hour weight loss meal prep - 93g protein per day + super easy: Kind: captions Language: en so this is the easiest meal prep that I have ever done for a full week of fully prepped meals I made all of this in just under an hour and I'm going to show you exactly how I did it from start to finish so I used to put together weight loss meal prep plans for you guys all the time and I haven't done that in a really really long time so I'm doing that today this is a week of prep for four or five days so a full work week and it's really customizable I'm going to show you how to customize it to get anywhere from 1 200 to 1 800 calories and make it work for you but yeah you probably just want to know what we're going to be eating it's the most important thing some of my favorite meals right now so I'm excited to eat them this week for breakfast we're having mocha overnight oats for lunch a little Mediterranean inspired chickpea salad for dinner the easiest roasted chicken and potatoes that I know how to make we're also prepping a quick snack a strawberry pineapple smoothie that's pretty high protein and by the way if you ate all of this you'd be getting almost 100 grams of protein for the day it's a high protein meal plan everything's dairy free and gluten free and I will let you know how to make this one thing vegan everything else is already plant-based yeah that is what we're going to be having this week [Music] first we're prepping a big batch of mocha overnight oats so I've got a mixing bowl here and we're just throwing a few things together for this stunning with two cups of rolled oats then adding eight teaspoons of chia seeds eight teaspoons of brown sugar I know that sounds like a lot but we're prepping for multiple servings here four teaspoons of instant coffee powder four teaspoons of cocoa powder a quarter cup of almond butter and three cups of milk any milk works but I use an unsweetened soy milk because it's dairy free it's high protein and it's nice and creamy and just mixing it up yeah we're basically done just serving it out into some little containers and now we are just adding a little topping a little bit of dark chocolate oh okay three second rule I've included a little chocolate topping and the calories because why not two pieces of dark chocolate in total so I'm just adding a little bit onto each one and his breakfast ready mocha overnight oats um oh what is that that is chocolate on Mom no chocolate all over me if you want a different flavor other than this one my video that I shared before this one was overnight oats meal prep and I shared three more flavors of urban art oats that are perfect for meal prep so go check that out if you want some more flavors so I'm just gonna throw this in the fridge really quickly I'm gonna get the oven preheated and while the oven is preheating we're gonna throw together the snack which we're meal prepping for this week and it's another really quick one I'm preheating the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit which is about 218 degrees Celsius and I'm adding a baking tray to the oven to preheat at the same time this is important don't skip it this is how I get crispy roast potatoes in 30 minutes you'll see this kind of food this smoothie is actually for my four week weight loss meal prep plan I'll link it below but yeah let's just get the snack prepped we can do it in 10 minutes while the oven preheats to my blender I'm adding about two cups of Frozen pineapple I mean that's supposed to be two cups I accidentally dropped some extra inlay about four cups of frozen strawberries two scoops of vanilla protein powder I use a vegan one I'll link it below it's my favorite two cups of plain yogurt I use a dairy free coconut one but any plain yogurt will work about one cup of water and then one cup of ice and just blend it up that is a thick smoothie look at that hmm amazing and that is how quick the snack is so the oven is just done preheating I'm going to cover these quick and get painting behind me there's a certainly a big storm okay let's get scared of the storm okay I'm gonna cover these quick and then I'm going to get my dinner in the oven it's gonna be very easy there's suddenly a huge storm so just bear with me while my dogs are running around they're a bit scared of the storm and it's gotten really dark but we're gonna keep going okay for this part we're either using chicken or some green beans bell pepper onion and some potatoes to get dinner started I'm rinsing about 500 grams of potatoes and slicing them in hot it's going to make them cook much faster getting that heated baking tray Out the Oven can hold really hot spraying the tray with some oil and then when the potatoes are on the tray I'll just give them another quick spray and I'm just adding some very simple flavorings some salt and pepper and also some onion powder and I like to face all of them down to get them really crispy on that side it takes less than five minutes to prep the potatoes it's very quick and just getting them in the oven and setting the timer for 30 minutes and then they'll be ready just washing some vegetables got about 400 grams of green beans 1 medium green bell pepper and also an onion cutting that up first but I'm saving a quarter of the onion for the salad we're gonna prep next so I'm just setting that aside for now and chopping the other three quarters of the onion into some long thin strips just very rough also slicing the green bell pepper into some long thin strips the green beans don't need any prep in terms of chopping just one of the reasons that I love them and just adding all of that to a baking tray with a quick spray of oil some pepper some salt and just giving it all a toss okay for this part we're either using chicken or tofu I'm using 500 grams of chicken breast media but you can also use about 800 grams of firmed tofu for a vegan option that's usually like two packs and just lasted up before to that I'm adding about a tablespoon of oil and for the flavor we're using smoked paprika it's the secret ingredient in this roasted chicken it is full of flavor and it's basically no calories that's a great low calorie option and also adding some salt and pepper just getting the chicken tossed in the oil and the spices and adding a little bit more on the other side and I'm moving the potatoes to the bottom shelf of the oven they've been in there for about 10 minutes and getting the chicken and the vegetables on the top shelf and oh my gosh I forgot to add some of the spices to the chicken okay so let's just just add in some onion powder and some oregano really quickly tossing that up and getting it back in the oven while the chicken the potatoes and the vegetables are still cooking in the oven we are gonna throw together the very last thing which is a Mediterranean chicken salad it's very very quick to make we're basically just chopping up bunch of things throwing it together and that's our lunch it's very tasty though um yeah so just gonna get right onto that now it's the last thing starting with some chickpeas opening two cans of chickpeas gradient and rinsing them and then chopping up some vegetables I got about 300 grams of baby Tomatoes you can leave these whole it's quicker I like carving them though one whole cucumber I like to cut it into some big pieces just to help it to keep better one medium red bell pepper cutting that into some small little pieces some fresh cilantro about half a cup chopped up you can also use fresh parsley both work and then got that quarter of an onion that I kept aside just chopping that up to some tiny little pieces I'm getting the job done I'm not a professional onion chopper getting all of that into a salad bowl and adding about 150 grams of feta cheese I actually use a dairy free one but either vegan or regular works that's both fun getting those rinsed chickpeas in they add a lot of protein and also a lot of fiber and then just a few simple things for flavor three tablespoons of olive oil one tablespoon of white one vinegar a teaspoon of Dijon mustard a teaspoon of sweetener to balance out the sour flavors I use maple syrup I know that sounds random but any sugar or syrup is fine I about a tablespoon of lemon juice I just catch the seeds in my hand and some salt and pepper the salad is about 15 minutes to chop up and put together so it's the same amount of time as the vegetables need to roast in the oven oh yeah Mustang prepped okay so we're gonna serve this out quick then get the oven things out and then we're done I will be linking all the containers that I'm using for more in the description box just if you want to see the sizes I'm using and everything in the fridge here we go that is looking good and I'm just gonna flip these chickens quickly I'm just gonna give the chicken a few more minutes and then get the chicken and the potatoes out at the same time oh perfect roasted potatoes 30 minutes let me get a little close-up of this juicy roasted food let's where's it here crispy potatoes I cannot wait to eat I'm just gonna save this out and then we are done ahead of myself here I'm just making four portions for each meal as you've seen so just serving the potatoes the chicken and the vegetables all between four containers here and by the way if you want to make five days of prep for everything instead of four days I'll have those ingredient amounts on my blog for you because the ingredient amounts are going to be different I'll also have the ingredient amounts for four days worth of prep on my blog for you so that's exactly what I've shown you in this video that's all going to be linked below for you as well as a grocery shopping list of everything but yeah that is dinner it's so so simple so flavorful it's the easiest roasted chicken and potatoes but I know how to make also really nice roasted vegetables which is something that I don't get bored of for multiple days very very good there's no sauce with this it's actually really good just like this but if you do want to add a little bit of sauce I suggest a little bit of hot sauce I like Nano sauce this is my favorite one it's amazing but you can also use Sriracha Tabasco or anything I usually just add a little bit when I serve it out but you can just put a little bit in the container if you want as well so I have prepped four servings of everything but I'm probably gonna eat it over five days and then just throw in a little bit of toast here and there with a random topping that's what I like to do sometimes so that's what I'm gonna do this week but right now I'm going to show you how to customize all of these calories whether you want 1 200 to 1 800 calories because we're all different we all need different calories I always say that but it's true so I'm gonna show you that now okay so how to customize the calories of this meal plan this will be very quick it's very very simple so all the meals that I showed you are roughly 400 calories all the breakfast lunches and dinners and the snack that I showed you is roughly 200 calories so it's very very easy to mix and match all the snacks and meals to get however many calories you want per day and it works perfectly with my point system if you use my beautiful bodyguard I'll link a video about that below if you don't know what I'm talking about so for 1 200 calories per day you can have the breakfast the lunch and the dinner and then just leave out the snacks that's less prep work for you for 1 400 calories per day you can have every everything I prepped in this video The Breakfast the lunch the dinner and the snacks for 1 600 calories per day you can have everything I prepped in this video The Breakfast the lunch the dinner and the snacks and then just double up the Smoothie portion each day to make a 400 calorie smoothie instead of a 200 calorie smoothie or instead of that you can just throw in another 200 calorie snack each day so you know a lot of snack bars that you can buy in the stores are roughly 200 calories so that's just an idea of a 200 calorie snack for you and then for 1 800 calories you can have everything I prepped in this video The Breakfast the lunch the dinner and the snacks and then just double up the dinner portion each day to make an 800 calorie dinner instead of a 400 calorie dinner or instead of that you can just add another 400 calorie snack each day that could be like two slices of toast with two tablespoons of peanut butter on top that's a really great 400 calorie snack it's very very quick and easy something that I end up eating most days and I really hope that helps with the customizing I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @YuliaMittova [1 likes]: Finally meal prep which is realistic to do ❤ Thank you! I am soooo done cooking every day and meal prep is a lifesaver. 😊
  2. @diana5899-n4v: Thanks a lot, everything I need is there
  3. @TheStephanie112: Just started this. I want to do this everyday day for 6 days.
  4. @Viviianita79: Love this
  5. @soumibandyopadhyay3944: What about the calories from sugar?
  6. @Karrdeh: Absolutely loved these meals. Especially the potatoes and veg they came out so perfect 🥰
  7. @cris_balm7460: Prepped overnight oats at day 4 is not the most desirable. But the rest is good 👍
  8. @NatalieHughes-p1j: Do you freeze meals or just refrigerate?
  9. @GideonAyitey-b8q: You’ve earned a lifelong viewer with this!
  10. @AmberTsamados-g4s: I'm going to the grocery RN to buy the groceries I plan to try this and see what I can lose in 1 week thanks for sharing looks delish❤
  11. @chelseatay8037: Will it last 4 days in the fridge or should I store it in the freezer?
  12. @alinaionelabaluta5184: ❤❤❤
  13. @FaithNjeri-Her: Anyone else feel like their body changed after 35? Healix AI helped me figure out why my old diet stopped ‘working
  14. @AbenaKonadu-b7v: I’ve been experimenting with my nutrition and found Healix AI which analyzes your health markers based on your age. It's a quick way to see if you're on the right track with your diet. Thought you might find it useful
  15. @kimberlystravers4398: What temperature for the oven when cooking the potatoes and chicken?
  16. @ThreasaColeman: I'm confused on pcos videos.some say no potatoes.no rice .no red meat..could anyone please give me some good information so I know how to help my daughter that recently found out she has PCOS .thank you
  17. @narmeenjesani2105: Thanks for making this video. I would love to know an approximate nutritional percentage of protein, fat and calories you have for different preps of food you did!! Thanks in advance
  18. @personal.account.to.use.: you added lots of Brown suger. does not effect the weight loose?
  19. @JansPips77: thank you  im on the 1200 calories or less diet and im so grateful for all ideas and cooking techniques since ive alwasy been bad at cooking :(
  20. @ashleemckeehan3708: Can you tell me if you made the overnight oats individually instead of one large bowl to divide out what would be the measurements for each ingredient? I decided to try making them and they are delicious but the milk isn't completely soaked in so its thick but runny

- This Is What a Diabetes-Friendly Diet Looks Like | Diabetes Meal Plan for Beginners | Prep School: Kind: captions Language: en being diagnosed with diabetes can bring on a whole roller coaster of emotions but one thing you don't have to worry about is what to eat we have you covered meal planning and meal prep can go a long way to make healthy eating easier during the busy week and the meal prep muffin tin egg recipe we're going to make today is one of my favorites to make these muffin to omelets are so great because you can make a batch at the beginning of the week grab them from the fridge for breakfast or snacks and they're so delicious so to start we need to whisk some eggs together and we're going to use eight eggs here so eggs as we all know are a great protein Source protein is really important for everyone especially for people with diabetes because protein digests slowly which means our blood sugars will stay more stable after a meal so a single egg delivers six grams of protein per serving and you're wanting to get a few servings of protein on each meal to give you that nice satisfaction that you want at the end of a meal any scrambled egg you need a little milk in here so we're just going to use a quarter teaspoon of salt here so people with diabetes need to be aware of how much salt they're eating in addition to saturated fat those two nutrients are important because they matter to our heart and people with diabetes are at a higher risk for heart related complications and then a quarter teaspoon of pepper and we can start whisking away all right so sometimes we're going to add some nice fresh flavor and we need about quarter of a cup if you don't like chives if you don't have chives you can add some cilantro or scallions or even dried herbs and spices which are nice and convenient Pantry Staples push the chives out of the way here make room for a muffin cup we're going to spray these with a little non-stick cooking spray so they release easily and if you haven't already preheat your oven to 325. okay so here's the trick rather than adding all of your mix-ins into your eggs and then trying to pour it all out evenly a better way of doing this is just to divide your ingredients evenly throughout the muffin cups and this is also a stage where you could do three of one flavor three of another half and half really whatever your heart desires I'm going to start with some broccoli we're just going to evenly distribute this throughout our muffin tin next up ham so ham we know it has some lovely saltiness to it we're just going to use a little bit a little bit goes a long way to add so much flavor this ham also helps to add some protein as well so you're going to get a really nice satisfying breakfast out of this now we move on to our cheese which also adds a little bit of saltiness so we really tested this recipe many times so that we had just the right amount of saltiness without being too much for people with diabetes so this is where the measuring cup comes in handy because you can pour directly out of here so we're just going to evenly distribute this egg mixture throughout don't fill it to the very very top because these eggs really do fluff up and expand once in the oven okay last step here is adding some chives on top for some color and flavor all set to go into the oven 325 degrees Fahrenheit for about 20 to 25 minutes oh here we are 20 minutes in the oven and they are ready we're gonna wait for these egg muffins to cool off a little bit and then you can either pop them in one big meal prep container to go in the fridge or portion them out separately so really all you have to do in the morning is grab your bag and go now this is what a healthy day of eating for a diabetes friendly diet looks like we have our meal prepped muffin tin eggs and a whole day of delicious eats I'm gonna dish out breakfast all it needs to do is be heated up and then enjoyed so for breakfast we have these delicious muffin tin eggs one serving is two muffins and then pairing this with a piece of fruit like a high fiber pear or apple is a great way to add some more sustainability to your meal so this meal plan is set to 1500 calories so for your morning snack you have a nice large handful of almonds almonds are high in heart healthy fat fat is what is satisfying and sustaining so that's going to help carry you through to lunch here we have spinach strawberries or whatever fruit you'd like chicken feta and some walnuts a nice balanced meal paired with a Herby balsamic dressing it's really delicious and all your co-workers will be jealous for your afternoon snack grab something easy like an apple now for dinner we have a delicious stuffed baked potato I love baked potatoes you can add whatever toppings you want here we have some pico de gallo some avocado some fresh cilantro so registered dietitians build all of our meal plans and when we were building this meal plan we made sure that each meal and snack were balanced for carbs if you're a newly diagnosed with diabetes your doctor or dietitian might suggest eating a certain amount of carbs at each meal and snack and we already did that work for you in this meal plan each meal comes in between 45 and 60 grams of carbs per serving and each snack comes in between 15 and 30 grams of carbs per serving but you can adapt that to whatever you need so to reheat your egg muffins pop them in the microwave for about 30 seconds and they'll come out nice and steamy I'm ready to dig in broccoli the cheese the ham it's a delicious combo I love these so much they're so good so simple so easy to make and delicious all they need is 20 minutes in the oven and then you have a whole week's worth of breakfast ready to go thanks so much for watching happy cooking and I'll see you next time on Prep School

  Top Comments:
  1. @eatingwell [28 likes]: Get the recipe and entire meal plan here: https://www.eatingwell.com/article/7886108/diabetes-meal-plan-for-beginners/
  2. @elcairo11 [1 likes]: I’m was just diagnosed as a pre diabetic, love your channel and thank you for the great and healthy meals, you have a new subscriber, from Savannah Georgia, manny 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
  3. @bellabluejungle: Apple is to much sugar for me and so is a baked potato.. Close. So many people still have miss guided info. on  glucose intolerance or insulin resistance. Even  many Doctors are out of the loop.
  4. @NouriaFit: Most foods 🎉are allowed within reasonable portions 😊 for any ailment . 😢 it’s also the burning 🔥 of these extra calories into energy with exercise 🚶‍♀️ which matters equally.  Your list of foods is basic and practical. 🍀
  5. @REK8088: Ok, I mage egg bites all the time.  Mine never look like that.  In the oven they expand like a regular muffin than shrink down when done.  How did yours maintain the exact shape as when poured?
  6. @heathermotta8544: Looks really good! Thanks
  7. @SugarAwareness: wooooooo
  8. @bethlynfaciane2081: Enjoyed the video. I gave up all the “ white Stuff” potatoes would have me soaring with a high BS. So I never eat them, rice or pasta.
  9. @sameerroshan9542: Can you show vegetarian recipes?
  10. @patriciamartinez5508: I'm a type 2 diabetic I'm so glad that I came across your video! Looks Yummy 😋 I'm getting hungry or hangry
  11. @2Aboots: A baked potato for dinner…WTF! 🤦‍♀️ Remember, most of these dietitians simply opt to modify the SAD, hence such ignorance to include a baked potato…particularly in the evening. Just imagine your am glucose #’s! 🤡
  12. @cathygeorge212: Can’t stand eggs!
  13. @AcornHillHomestead: Good job.  I am wanting to prep some meals for a diabetic elderly neighbor who just came back from a hospital stay. The eggs are awesome. The potato for the next meal is a bit concerning to me. I would skip that. I am on a keto diet and the carbs in these meals are MUCH more than I can have but I normally have these ingredients on hand. The fruit seems also a bit much. I think the berries are good though.
  14. @yoshimi0503: So you are switching high cholesterol and heart disease for diabetes? This is ridiculous.
  15. @thefozzybear: I use no sugar almond milk instead.
  16. @waltercodbollocks3175: Your vocal fry makes this unwatchable. It sounds like you're constipated.
  17. @elizabethsmiley3860: Potato should not be on your list, ma’am
  18. @marlinegabriel7551: NO white potato for anyone much less a diabetic!!!!
  19. @Eatinghealthy101: Thanks
  20. @jpennturner: Potato .spikes myj sugar ,really high.

- TOP 1% WOMAN ROUTINE: how to stay productive, healthy + disciplined: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you that the difference between feeling like you're just surviving your days versus absolutely thriving comes down to a few simple habits? Today, I'm testing the exact routine that top 1% of women use on their days off. And I'm going to be brutally honest about whether it actually works. We're talking brain dumps, strategic planning, and the science of productivity. If you've ever felt like you're just getting through your days instead of designing the life you actually want, this video is for you. Let's see if these habits can actually transform how I feel about myself and my life. [Music] Good morning, you guys. So, the first part of this routine is called a brain dump. And it honestly kind of makes sense because I don't know if I'm the only one, but sometimes I wake up in the morning and I just get this anxious, overwhelming feeling of everything that I have to do. It's just all kind of in my brain and I haven't written it down on paper yet. So, it kind of makes sense how this is like the number one step of the routine is you literally wake up, get your journal out, and then just start to brain dump. Because what research says is that when we externalize our thoughts onto paper, we literally reduce our mental load and also our decision fatigue. If you think of your brain as a computer, if you have too many tabs on, that's just going to naturally slow the computer down. So, it kind of makes sense. If you have too much going on in your mind, you're not going to be able to function properly, and you're not going to be able to act and pursue your highest potential. So, right now, I'm going to write down every single task, every single thought, and every single worry that is currently cluttering my mind. And I mean literally everything as small as texting a friend back to actually like the more serious tasks that I have to do today in my appointments and stuff. And I'm not going to judge myself when it comes down to writing all of this down right now because that's the whole point of a brain dump is to make it messy, to make it kind of chaotic, unorganized. It doesn't matter. Just as long as you're getting all of your thoughts, your worries down onto a sheet of paper and getting it out from your brain onto the paper. That is what this is about. So, don't try to make it aesthetic. Don't try to make it organized. We're going to organize it in a sec. So, let's get all of this from up here down to on here. That was actually genuinely so therapeutic. Look at my little brain dump. That was all in my mind. Those were just thoughts circulating like, "Oh my god, I need to do that. I need to go here. I need to pick up that." I feel so much clearer just doing that. I don't know why I don't do this every day because I'm always like, "Oh, everything needs to be aesthetic when I write down my to-do list." But like a brain dump, I feel like is so needed before you even make a to-do list for the day. Here's when it gets interesting because for this routine, we are not making a traditional to-do list. We're going to use something called the Eisenhower matrix or Eisenhower matrix. I don't know how to pronounce it properly, which is kind of like a to-do list, but it categorizes things a lot better so your mind can process it easier. So, I'm going to show you guys exactly how that works and looks. This would be my first time actually doing this exact method, so I'm excited to try it out today. Okay, so this divides everything into four categories for your to-do list. Urgent and important, not urgent but important, urgent but not important, and not urgent and not important. And supposedly the magic happens here when you realize that most of us spend our time in the urgent but not important category. Responding to other people's priorities instead of our own. So this is such a helpful way to design your day so that you could start with this category and then move your way through. And then as the day goes on, you will get less stressed and less stressed as you continue to dwindle down the to-dos since they become less important. So let's fill this out right now for the first time ever. I'm really really excited. Okay, I just completed the full thing and oh my goodness, I am going to probably start doing this every single day cuz this genuinely just puts everything out on paper to me and my brain can see this in such like a put together way where now I'm like, "Okay, start here and work my way down that way." My brain does not feel cluttered anymore. And studies show that this can reduce decision fatigue by 30%. which means I'm actually saving my mental energy for what actually matters cuz I feel like I always have such a hard time kind of doing that and allocating my energy. So, this is amazing. My urgent things that I have to do today since it's like my day off is my bank appointment and then I'm canceling my membership somewhere. This is the best thing ever. Highly would recommend trying it. I already feel light as a feather. Let's get our day really started now that we have a plan. So, part of my top 1% women routine is being very intentional on how I show up and not just in my habits, but in the little details as well. And for me, that includes actually keeping my photos aligned with how I felt in the moment while taking them. Cuz if I'm feeling myself, I want my photos to turn out good and look good. So, this is a selfie that I took earlier today. I already liked it. The energy was there. I felt good about myself, but the lighting was just a little bit flat and it didn't fully reflect how I wanted the photo to look. So, what I'm going to do right now is open face up, which I use as a professional photo polishing tool, not to change how I look, but kind of just refine what's already there and make it better. So, I'm going to start with impressions. And I always keep it super light, usually just level one or two so it's very natural, just to balance out the photo and bring back some dimension. And then I'll go into skin and not to blur or mask anything, but just to kind of gently even out the image so it looks clean and well lit. Kind of just like adjusting the lighting in real life. As you can see, there's so many options here on what you could do. I'm think I'm going to go with glowing because obviously the lighting is not doing that for me in this photo. And you can even add little freckles to the photo. You could give yourself a little tan. Sometimes I'll add just the smallest touch of makeup cuz a lot of the times I feel like my mascara just doesn't do justice on camera. I love adding eyelashes. If you're too lazy to do like full glam, you can just add it on, which is fun. The pro tools are really what makes it feel more natural and intentional. You can also go into the hair and see what you would look like with different hair colors, which I think that is so cool. I can just lighten up my hair. Like that's what I would look like if I was blonde, which is insane. So cool just to see in case you're like on the fence about dying your hair. I'm even just going to add a little blush. There we go. So, this is the before and that is the after. As you can see, it just really brightens my face up. Looks like I had a ring light on me. If you guys want to try this out for yourself, you could try the Face App Pro Tool with a 7-day free trial. So you guys can click the link in my description or just scan the QR code here that's on the screen to download Face App today and test it out for yourself. Thank you so much to Face App for sponsoring this portion of the video. Okay guys, I just got all ready to go and work out. It is freezing outside. It is the first time that the temperatures have dropped below zero and this just all of a sudden happened right after Christmas. We weren't even getting that cold of weather until literally just a couple days ago and then all of a sudden our weather started getting freezing and it might snow soon. So, I'm like, "Oh, great. How it's happening after Christmas when the whole point of snow was to be before Christmas." Little disappointing. But anyways, I haven't done like an outdoor workout in so long, just because the weather has been rainy during the winter, especially. The sun literally just came out. When the sun comes out, that is my sign to go and do a nice run, but I know it's really good for cardiovascular health. And I actually have an aura ring to like track my heartbeats and stuff and my steps and my length of the run and everything. When I was younger, fun fact, I used to be really, really into running. I used to do track. Also, I played soccer basically my whole life. I feel like I've always had pretty good cardio, but in the past few years, especially after quitting soccer and everything. My running game is not good. I run for like 2 minutes and I'm out of breath. So, I'm just going to keep a steady pace outside today and not going to make the run too long. But, there is like these endorphins that release in my body, specifically when I run that make me feel so amazing and good. If you are a busy person, working out is probably the last thing on your list and it's probably the first thing you're going to skip if you're super busy. But if you make time to work out or just move your body for 10 minutes a day, it can make such a big impact. When we work out, there's something in our brains that release called BDNF, which is brain derived neurotropic factor. And you could kind of think about this as like a fertilizer for your brain cells. It literally helps you grow new neurons and it also strengthens the connection between them. And this isn't even about looking good or being healthy. Of course, those are amazing benefits of working out. But scientifically, this is also about upgrading your cognitive function for better memory, sharper focus, improve mood, enhanced decision-m. So, a 20 to 30 minute workout doesn't just prep your body for the day, but it also primes your brain for success. So, anyways, with all that to say, let's go do this freaking workout, get our body moving, and improve the brain function up here. Right now, my brain is flooding with endorphins, natural mood elevators that are literally more powerful than morphine. My preffrontal cortex is getting increased blood flow, which means better decision-making and focus for the rest of my day. Research shows that people who exercise in the morning make 23% better food choices throughout the day. Every minute of this run is setting me up for success in ways I can't even see yet. Okay, so that brings us to part three, which is self-care. This isn't just pampering. This is all strategic self-care backed by science. So, I'm starting off with dry brushing, which increases blood circulation by up to 30% and stimulates my lymphatic system to help eliminate toxins. But here's what's really happening. I'm activating my parasympathetic nervous system, which is my body's rest and digest mode, which reduces cortisol and promotes healing. I love this Loxy Tanana oil. It smells so freaking good and it feels so luxurious. The scent alone though is triggering positive associations in my brain, which is boosting my mood before I even leave the house. And to end off the self-care, I'm putting on a face mask because it's 15 to 30 minutes of forced self- prioritization. Research shows that when we take care of our physical appearance, we actually perform better in all areas of life. It's called the lipstick effect. I'm not just getting ready and preparing to show up confidently in my life. I feel great right now after doing self-care. You can't beat it. Like, I feel like a princess. I feel pampered. I can still smell this shower oil on me. It is the best shower oil ever. I just feel so luxe. I feel pampered. I feel amazing. Anyways, I'm just going to be sorting my laundry right now because that is one of my chores that I want to do today. So, I'm just going to quickly sort out my laundry. I love listening to a podcast while I do chores and stuff. So, highly recommend. It kind of feels like multitasking in a way, and it makes whatever chore you're doing a lot more fun. And obviously, you don't need to be paying attention to a screen cuz it's just a podcast, which is good. If you guys don't know, I actually have my own podcast with one of my best friends, Talia. So, if you guys want to check that out, it's always linked in the description. But yeah, I love a good podcast on while I'm doing chores, especially an informative one. It doesn't have to always be informative cuz sometimes you just want to let your brain kind of relax. just kind of listen to brain rot podcasts. But I do love a good informative podcast and just a good fun podcast in general. So whatever I'm feeling that day wants to say hi, do you want to join my routine? She's like, no, I'm good. Okay, so the next part of this routine is just to do a little midday meditation/reset only for 5 minutes. I feel like when you have a big to-do list, it's hard to take time out of your day to just quite literally sit down and think of nothing, do nothing, and just let your mind relax for a quick second. When we're constantly go, go, go. our stress hormone cortisol stays elevated which actually impairs cognitive function. The thing is is a lot of people would think that doing a meditation midday is a waste of time but it's actually kind of a little investment in making the rest of the day more effective cuz your brain is going to work better. So all I'm going to do right now is I'm just sitting at my table right now and I didn't want to go on the couch because sometimes when I do meditation on the couch it makes me way too sleepy. So I just kind of wanted to sit in like an upright chair. I'm just going to focus on my breath for 5 minutes and see how it impacts the rest of my day. So, right now I'm going to set a little timer for 5 minutes. 5 minute timer. [Laughter] That was great. I don't even remember the last time I did that. This is your sign to take 5 minutes out of your day and just be present. I feel just zen right now and calm and anti-stressed. That brings us to part three, which is drinking matcha over coffee. Let's talk about why I'm choosing matcha specifically over coffee for this routine. While coffee gives you that immediate caffeine spike, matcha contains eltheanine, which is an amino acid that creates what researchers call calm alertness. Instead of jittery energy followed by a crash, which is what coffee does, matcha provides sustained focus for up to 6 hours, eltheanine increases alpha brain waves, the same waves associated with meditation and creativity. So, I'm literally drinking my way to a more focused creative state. Plus, matcha contains 137 times more antioxidants than regular green tea. So, this isn't just a drink. It's liquid productivity with a side of zen. I make my matcha with two teaspoons of matcha cuz I like it really strong and I like it to have that vibrant green color. I also order my matcha on Amazon, which I will link for you guys below. And then of course, I paired my matcha with breakfast to give me some energy for the day. Okay, now I'm officially primed and prepped to go out of the house, leave the house, and do my errands. I had my appointment, and then I just had a few packages to pick up. It was so nice to mark those off the to-do list. So, a very important thing in the top 1% woman routine is learning. This is something that I actually want to set for my new one of my New Year's resolutions, one of my New Year's goals. I feel like if you're not in school, you're not really learning every day. Obviously, like we're all learning life lessons and like stuff like that, but just in terms of actually getting educated on different subjects and things, it's not that easy just to be doing that when our generation is basically just scrolling on social media in our free time. And I feel like learning is definitely something that I want to implement into next year and really just hone in on that. Take a subject that I'm interested in and start learning about it. Start buying books on it. Yeah, I really really like this book for that reason. It's called 101 essays that will change the way you think. And each kind of essay is something that kind of makes your mind think. It kind of teaches you things. A great informative book on a specific subject or kind of a little bit more broad like this is great to pick up just to get your brain working because I feel like a lot of the times our brains are stuck in the same thought patterns every single day. But if you implement something new and switch things up, then it could really lead you to create new neural pathways. Studies actually show that continuous learning can improve cognitive flexibility and also promote neuroplasticity, literally rewiring your brain to be more resilient and innovative. And it also obviously breaks the cycle of passive consumption and builds a proactive mindset. So yeah, that's just something that I feel like since I'm not in school, um I haven't been in school in a very very long time because after I went to high school, I just did one year of college and then that's when I dropped out and pursued YouTube. Since then, I mean, I've done a couple language classes here and there, but nothing that I've actually stuck by. So I'm really really excited to kind of have that at the top of my brain and implement more of that going into this next year. And it's honestly just a perfect thing to implement on your days off. Even if you just do like 10, 20 minutes of reading about a subject, learning about a subject, can't hurt. So, let's do that. the energy that I feel from the matcha that I had like I genuinely always whenever I drink coffee or matcha I always feel a difference in the energy with coffee when I drink it it's like a spike of energy and then I'm just wired and then I have a crash. But with matcha I don't necessarily feel that like spike of energy. It comes on a little bit more subtly. And then all of a sudden, I'm like, "Oh my gosh, like I feel great, but it lasts for so much longer." And also, I don't have the crash. So, I should have matcha way more often. I always just like make coffee cuz it's just like the easy thing to do. And we have a really nice coffee maker, but I feel like I just need to switch up and make matchas more often. I feel like I always make matcha in the summer, but it's more so throughout the winter where I'm always just making hot coffees. Then when I have matcha, it reminds me how good it makes me feel versus like having that coffee high. When I am in the coffee high, it feels really good. But then you have the consequences like right after. So it's like give or take with coffee, but with matcha it has like so many benefits and I genuinely notice like a difference in my energy levels throughout the day with it. So matcha over coffee any any day, especially for like the anatomy of a woman's body. I know it's so much better. Just thought I'd update you guys on that cuz I haven't had matcha in a while. This was my first day having matcha in probably like 2 months. And I notice the difference. Like I really notice the difference and it's so good. Now that leads us into part six which is the evening windown. As a day winds down, this routine emphasizes something that our hustle culture often forgets, the importance of genuine connection and boundaries. Research shows that establishing firm boundaries between work and personal time reduces stress, improves sleep quality, and actually makes you more productive when you are working. Also, getting to spend quality time with your loved ones on your days off is so important. This quality time isn't just nice to have, it's essential. meaningful social interactions reduce stress hormones and boost oxytocin, which not only increases happiness, but can actually boost cognitive function as well. Today taught me that productivity isn't about doing more. It's about being more intentional with what you do. It's about designing your days instead of just surviving them. So, after doing this top 1% woman routine, I think it actually works, but not in the way that I expected. This isn't about perfection or having the perfect routine. It's about recognizing that you have the power to design your days intentionally. Every small choice from how you start your morning to how you fuel your body to how you and your evening is a vote for the person you want to become. So, here's my challenge to you. Pick one element from this routine and try it for the next week. And drop a comment down below and let me know which habit you're going to try first. And if you experiment with this routine, I want to hear about your experience. Your future self is counting on the choices you make today. Remember, you are not just getting through your days, you're designing your life. So, make it count. Don't forget to hit that subscribe button down below, and I will see you guys in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichaelaBento [21 likes]: HAPPY NEW YEAR MY LOVES !!! ⭐️⭐️ I wish everyone nothing but the best going into 2026 <3 don’t forget to check out face app for free with my link here: https://faceapp.yt.link/SwNI57a !!
  2. @abigailliv9053 [1 likes]: GIRL YOU SHOULD GO DARK BLONDE RN
  3. @izzywaldron1999 [1 likes]: I liked this until you started editing your photo 😢
  4. @NikkiOliveira: I love editing so much
  5. @Senthil-s7m: Don't use glass straws, they are fragile hence dangerous...
  6. @antoinettevanbalen8116: Hiii what did you use to curl youre hair at the beginning of the video? it looks so pretty!
  7. @wa.skyless: Thank you, you helped me ❤
  8. @Mouhamed_34: OMG Girl i love your ring
  9. @lilcossy5499: the brain dump part hit. my head is basically 47 tabs open until i write it down. also lol at “design your life” vs just surviving. Forge: AI Trainer randomly reminded me of that.
  10. @ShivamMahto-t6b: just what i needed to get motivated 🤩
  11. @harishmodel143.2: can we talk about that workout tho?
  12. @amnabut759: this made me want to try new habits
  13. @YassirJmali: lunch
  14. @Calico_Gem: 14:00 ap bio student how does an amino acid do that??? gang that would be proteins not single monomers(?)
  15. @HeddaBreien: I am going to make this my daily routine this is how good this video was !!!!!!!!!!❤😊
  16. @OfficialRXO: Good music Ricky XO got similar energy drop by
  17. @SounJou: this is the first video I watch it for you and it's amazing and I think I'm gonna watch more video from your channel... keep going💓✊🏻🤩
  18. @DrSarahKim: this is a great routine!
  19. @KaiyaDuhart: Dose Chai lattes have the same effect as matcha
  20. @kailynallen3118: Girl I just seen someone with the same thumbnail, title and intro as you 😮

- Miranda Kerr's Morning Routine, Retinol Alternative, and Victoria's Secret Body Secrets: Kind: captions Language: en How did you prep for Victoria's Secret show? Because I think it's so unimaginable to people getting up there and doing that in front of the entire world. >> Well, I was obviously a lot younger. I was working out 6 days a week, but I was enjoying it. >> And then you guys were doing the non oil, right? >> Oh, the non body oil all over our bodies to give that beautiful glowing skin. >> What other tricks did they have? >> I lived in New York and have been part of the industry from such a young age. I would only really take off Christmas because I told myself this is a short-lived job so you've got to make hay while the sun shines. And I was very much always into health and wellness taking care of yourself. And I feel like I probably wouldn't have been able to travel to the extent that I did and have the career that I had if I didn't take care of myself. >> Do you feel more confident now than you did then? >> Oh yeah. As a woman, as an individual, I feel like going through childirth was quite empowering as well. There's so much we can't control. Inevitably, we're all going to age. If I'm consistent with my routines, at least I'll be aging with good skin. >> There's a misconception sometimes around women our age. People just assume that if we're doing things, it's because we want to look younger. >> I want to have the vibrancy. When you're comfortable in your own skin, that does radiate. That to me is more alluring than anything that you see on the outside. >> Welcome. >> Thank you. Thanks for having me. >> Really excited to have you. I feel like you have been at the top of my list for many, many years. So, I can't wait to talk to you about beauty and wellness and all of the things. But to start, I like to ask my guests, what makes you well? >> I would say I really feel like like health is so important and I've felt that way since I was a teenager. And so taking care of your health from a 360 approach like taking care of your mind for me that's through meditation and prayer taking care of your body through what obviously what foods we eating fresh local organic produce um and then you know taking care of your spirit. What lights you up? What um brings you joy? And for me that's being in nature, being with my family, dancing, having fun. And so when those areas are fulfilled, then I feel well. >> Mhm. >> And good sleep. >> Oh yeah. Oh my gosh. Always. I want to bookmark that cuz I want to come back to the meditation piece specifically. >> But I like to also do a quick round of this or that just to get to know you. >> Yeah. >> So dry brushing or a lymphatic massage? Dry brushing every day. >> Every >> day. >> In the morning or when are you doing it? Okay. Before shower. >> Yes. >> Okay. >> It's one of those things where I feel like a lot of people are confused like they want to do it but they don't know how or when >> and which direction and like >> always up towards the heart. >> And then I just dry body brush dry body brush all over. And recently I've been then applying my Niglow body oil all over before I have a shower because an Aurvedic like friend of mine told me that that's like part of an arurvedic way to do it to have the oil on before you shower and then do some after as well. >> So it just kind of like >> that's a good tip >> seeps in when you're in the shower and it's not you know it's kind of going in a little deeper. >> That makes a lot of sense and I'm going to start doing that tonight. >> Yeah, >> especially in the winter. >> Uh red light or cold plunge? red light. I used to think cold plunge was like healthy >> and then my acupuncturist advised against it. So now I really am into the red light. >> Yeah. I think some people love it, but I think as women we need to be a little more cognizant about what we're doing to like our cortisol levels. And I even heard somebody saying not just for women but for men as well. Like if you're doing a cold plunge, especially after a workout, you don't want to get rid of that inflammation. You want the inflammation from the workout to build the new muscle. I could be totally wrong. Like I know I'm going to get comments. >> Someone will say something. >> that's okay. We're all learning. >> Yeah. Yeah. But I do like cold plunge if I'm in like a panic anxiety kind of feeling. That's one thing that like can snap it out. >> Maybe just for the face. >> Yes. Divers reflex. >> Yeah, just for the face >> when you dunk your face in. Yeah, I do like that. >> That's one way to do it without like >> Yeah. kind of the other side effects maybe as a woman. >> Coffee or matcha? >> Coffee. >> Every day. >> Every day. Just one. >> But I know you start your morning with what? >> Lemon water. >> It was lemon water and then I went and I just switched it up though. It was lemon water and then it was and then it was celery juice. Then it was my coffee and then it was aloe and then noni. But now >> you're famous for this non juice. We need to talk about what it is. >> Yes. Only the non. I love my noni. It's a superfood superfruit and I still do that and my coffee and the lemon water. I've kind of simplified. >> Okay. But you've done that since you were like a teenager, right? >> 13. >> Now I'm 43. >> And what do you attribute to that? >> Well, energy, vitality, antioxidants. It's rich in antioxidants. No need. It's full of them. Vitamins, minerals, and I just feel like it's helped. Like when I was younger, my grandmother used to give me like a 30 mil every day. And so now I also give it to my kids. The six and seven ones, they don't really have it. The baby likes it. >> Really? >> He has a little bit of non every day. He's like, "No, no." He just turned two. >> That's so cute. >> They're going to have great skin. >> Minimal makeup or full glam? >> Minimal. >> Pilates or strength training? >> Pilates. >> Morning sunlight or evening walks? >> Morning sun. >> Night in or date night? >> Oh, well, can't night be in? >> Mhm. Yeah. >> Both. >> Morning or nighttime routine? >> I love them both. I have more time of a nighttime after the kids are in bed. Um although my husband's always like, "What's taking you so long?" Like, "This is the only time I get to myself." >> What is in your nighttime routine? >> Double cleansing. And I like to like dim the lights, put a candle on. My friend Holly Star makes um candles. from this brand called Matter and Home and they're like non-toxic. So I'll like put that candle on and so if I have a lot of time I'll love to have a bath but that doesn't happen that often. >> And so if I have a bath then I have a different routine but if I'm just having a shower I get to >> you know double cleanse and then um do my skinincare routine in a way that's not so rushed like it is in the morning. And that involves our retinol alternative serum which is amazing and people are obsessed with the results. Even die hard retinol fans 80% of them said they got better results from using my retinol alternative. >> And what does it have? Puchial oil. >> There's buchi oil um alalfa extract and asai plant stem cells. >> Amazing. >> Yeah. So, it really like if you see the before and afters, the wrinkles are >> quite a dramatic and also on the neck because as we age, I'm 43, the neck is something that we need to really be aware of. >> And >> neck and chest, I feel like the wheels start to fall off. >> And so, I really love that nighttime routine with the retinol alternative. And in the past, before I developed this product, my skin would get like dry from using retinol. So, I would just be like, I don't like it, but I don't. It doesn't get dry from using this. And you get like visible results. So, >> love that. >> And then I use my so the moisturizer. I also use the minty mist, which I'm obsessed with. And um then the face oil and then the eye oil. Sometimes the eye cream as well, but I'm obsessed with the eye oil. And then on top of that, right before I go to sleep, I put on my milky mushroom mask. Um it it just locks everything in. It's like a sleepy mask, but you can also use it as a quick flash hydration treatment. And I lay on these two mats before I go to sleep. >> Um one is uh it's called health optimizing and it's a cell regulation mat. >> And the other one is a Weber laser mat. So it has red light and laser. And so I lay like I have both mats. >> What kind of laser? um just like a like really good for inflammation and I have the same Weber like that same brand Weber laser watch, a Weber laser hat and a Weber laser red light mat for the whole body. >> Yeah. So, I really I really do like the >> Yeah. I was just talking before you came to Maria Manunos. She was on before you and she was talking about one of her favorite things is her red light panel and she said that she stopped doing it for what was it like a year and she noticed such a massive difference. >> And does she use it? Oh, >> does she use it on her face? >> cuz I'm not currently using I only use the um the Lima laser. >> Oh, do you like that? >> I do. >> It just you just you know >> tiring, right? >> Yeah. You just have to hold it. Hold it. So many people ask me about that and I haven't personally tried it, but what I've heard is that it's like, yeah, it's effective, but you have to like >> go slow and you have to hold it and you have to be really consistent. >> I actually had bought one like a while back and I was obsessed with it and then I ended up doing a podcast um with the founder and she sent me another one so now I can save time. >> Oh, amazing. >> I wanted to do it like on my knees. >> Oh, great idea. These are the things that like women have to >> worry about. Yeah. >> As we age, get into our glory. >> Spray tan or natural tan. >> I must say I like a little, you know, a little bit of sun. >> Yeah, me too. >> Little vitamin D. >> Fasted or fed workout? >> Oh, fasted or fed? You know what? I do both, but I normally have eaten a little something. >> Okay. It's probably you can probably go either way, but yeah. Yeah, personally I like to eat a little something. >> We'll probably come back to some of those because I want to get a little more detail, but I want to rewind and you've had such an amazing life and career and I feel like beauty and wellness, you know, they've always been your pillars, right? Like your life is rooted in those things. But when you think back to like your early days of modeling, what did beauty mean to you and what did wellness mean to you then? and then we'll talk about what it like how it's evolved. >> Yeah, I was 14 when I won the modeling contest and obviously school was the priority. So I made sure that I finished you know my education up until grade 12 and then after then I moved to Japan. I lived in Japan for a little bit and um yeah, I was really happy to have had the kind of wellness as part of like my upbringing. Um my grandmother was the one who introduced me to Non Juiced and I've been drinking that since I was 13 and um I lived in Australia in a little country town and she had a vegetable patch and would get the vegetables and she taught me how to cook and all of that. And then when I was also a teenager, my mom was sick and she got tumors in her spleen. And so that as a family really led all of us to dive deeper into everything that we were consuming daily. Obviously, the foods we were eating, reading on the back of packaging, and then reading all the labels on skin care, hair care, because our skin is the largest organ and what you put on sinks in. It's really important to be educated about those ingredients. And so we had this little book called The Chemical Maze and we would refer to it and just be horrified that, you know, there were so many potentially carcinogenic ingredients that were leading, you know, contributing to my mom's illness. So we decided to really go as clean as possible. And clean wasn't even a thing back then. That was, you know, a long time ago. And but this is what sparked my interest to make skinincare cuz I wanted to make it for myself and my family. And then when we when I actually made it and we got incredible results, I was like, "Okay, now I need to kind of make this for the world." But at the time, my career was going so strong cuz this was back in 2006 was the concept that I wanted to create Kora. We launched in Australia in 2009. It's been a fun ride. >> I know. Now, I heard you say that on on another podcast and I was shocked because I think a lot of people attribute kind of the first celebrity brand maybe to like Jessica Alba, you know, that was such a famous one with Honest, but I mean, you've had Kora from Idea to Inception and all of that for 20 years, right? Yeah. >> I mean, that's >> wild. And obviously, we didn't launch in America until >> 2017. So because it was, you know, I was very focused on modeling and this was my my passion project. My skincare line was really something that I like I personally invested all of my money that I made from modeling and you know I put all my eggs into one basket and I knew that it was worth it because at the end of the day when you can get transformational results without compromising your health. I knew that's what people deserved especially after our experience with my mom being sick. >> And like clean beauty wasn't even a thing back then. I would imagine >> it was definitely not a thing. Yeah. And so we were searching for certified organic skincare and I mean people eat certified organic for a reason, right? There are more antioxidants. There are studies have shown there are up to 60% more antioxidants in a certified organic ingredient. And that's why in addition to not having the synthetic pesticides sprayed on the actual crops, >> then you're also in the final formulation, you're not having unnecessary filler ingredients that are potentially caroggenic in there >> and you're just getting pure, you know, certified organic skinare. So from day one we've been certified by Eosert Cosmos which is one of the world's leading um organizations for you know and they they you know the strictest when it comes to rules and regulations >> and I wanted that because that's what I was looking for products that were certified by them >> and so I wanted to provide that for other people >> and so people need to understand that this is not something that I just had an idea for and you know put my name on or did a licensing deal. This is actually my baby that I've grown and built and self-funded and, you know, helped create every single product um with, of course, some of the best chemists in the world that I'm so excited that we get to work with because >> we just go back and forth and then I'm like, well, what about this and how would this feel and how would this feel on the skin and let's try this and what are the results, you know, for this, you know, and I love using ingredients that are superfoods. so many different superfoods that are in all of Kora's products. We have different um products for different skin types as such and different issues, but they're all a powerhouse of antioxidants. >> And obviously, non is in every single product. It's like the foundation. >> And then all the products are filtered through rose quartz crystals to give that vibration of life. >> I love that you do that. >> Yeah. So that's kind of like something I don't necessarily always talk about because >> first and foremost, you know, I want products that are super effective, give me the results I need, and that are good for me and obviously good for the planet. We're a climate neutral brand as >> Yeah. Well, it's so interesting to hear you talk about that because I would imagine that it's kind of the polar opposite of maybe the beauty tactics and rituals in the modeling world. What were some of the extremes that you saw when you were in that world? Because I just can't imagine like not only the pressure that you're under um the scrutiny that you're under, but also like the lengths that people go to to stay at the top or get to the top. >> Yeah. I mean, I lived in New York and have been part of the industry, as I said, from such a young age and have lived with many different models from all over the world and worked with so many different models and supermodels and, you know, and I just feel like everyone has their own thing that they do. And I, you know, was very much always into health and wellness and taking care of, you know, yourself. And I feel like I probably wouldn't have been able to travel to the extent that I did and have the career that I had if I didn't take care of myself as well like as I as I do and did. Um yeah, I was always the one that was like, "Okay, you know, I'm going to go to bed now. I need to get up early in the morning." >> But actually, even my husband has gotten me into bed much earlier now, which is so much better for me. >> You saying that. >> Yeah. Like I used to be a night owl, but not even like night owl wanting to like go out and party, but just potter around the house cuz everything was so quiet. >> But now there's not much pottering going on. It's just sleeping. >> Yeah. Which is actually nice, too. >> It's funny. You realize how influenced you are by the partner that you choose. It's such an important decision. It really is >> in so many ways, but like even in those small ways, you know, like what they're eating and what their habits are and when they wake up and when they go to bed and >> the wake up and going to bed thing is like definitely something that we're aligned on. Like this morning I was up at 4:00 a.m. >> Because he had to be up because, you know, he was actually getting up at 5:00 a.m., but I woke up early at 4:00 a.m. And then I looked at the time and I was like, "Oh, he's going to be getting up soon." And then I was like, "Okay." So I just like snuggled in for another cuddle. And then uh next thing you know it was time to wake up. And then I did my meditation and and I did some yoga stretching and then um my skincare routine. And then by that stage the boys were up and yeah and then I opened the windows and actually the light was quite beautiful even though it's been raining on and off. The light was still peeking through the clouds. So I got to enjoy that which I think is really good for the circadian rhythm and for the kids to have you know that light touch their face in the morning. It really is important. >> I know. I think back to before cell phones and all of that. We're around the same age and I was just talking to I think my cousin the other day and I was like, you know, I think about what did we do when we woke up like when we were teenagers and kids. I have these sweet nostalgic memories of being a kid and being a teenager and waking up and you can smell the fresh cut grass and the birds are chirping and the sun is peeking through your window and like it's so it's such a stark difference to now. Um, and I think the whole thing was like we didn't we weren't just getting up and like thinking about our email and our phones and everything. And I saw this study the other day that came out and it said that people's perception of time is changing because everyone's on their phone all day. So it's normal that as people age they feel like time is going more quickly because a year when you're 40 is different than a year when you're 10. Um but when you're spending I don't know conservatively four to six hours on your phone every day like that's time that you're not even present. So you're experiencing the days like in such a compressed way. Yeah. Um so I love I love that you are able to have that morning and have that for your boys as well, you know, because it's probably hard, especially with a teenager to like not have screens involved yet. >> Yeah. Well, I have So his phone's connected to my phone, so I have screen time on his phone. So it goes off. Um so he's 15 and so it goes off at night. It was 9:30, but I just switched it to 10:00 because he's been having some homework that he likes to finish. And then it doesn't get turned back on until 7:15 and so 7:15 in the morning. And that is only because he needs it for school because they're using computers at the school. Otherwise, it wouldn't be on. >> I'd be like limiting it for an hour a day. >> But um yeah, it it is something different to the way we grew up. I remember growing up and uh I would always have like sleepover with my friend and she would always want to wake up early. She was an early bird. Her name was Lauren and I would always be like Lauren just let me sleep in a teenager. She's like there's so much to get out and enjoy and do. Come on. >> Oh god. I wasn't like that as a teenager. >> I was like just let me sleep. >> And my teenager is like that on the weekend. Although he wakes up early in on the weekdays. >> Uhhuh. This year he wanted to start meditating every morning at 6:00 a.m. And so he's been pretty consistent except for not on late days when he has a late day of school. to get that like beautiful glowing skin. >> Um, everyone got a spray tan >> before the show. And you can actually do a spray tan where they give you like abs >> contour. Yeah. >> Punter. >> There was a saying when we were young, if you can't tone it, tan it. >> Exactly. >> We live in an environment that our biology was never designed for. From EMFs to artificial light, processed foods, microplastics, constant stress, and over time, all of that starts to show up not just in how we feel, but also in how we look. When your body is dealing with that level of stress, it can disrupt the signals that your cells rely on, which impacts things like skin clarity, elasticity, and even hair strength and growth. And this is why I have been taking Arma Colostrum for such a long time. It works at the cellular level to support your body from within. It's actually nature's first whole food packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that help strengthen your gut, support your immune system, and really lay the foundation for not just a healthier body, but also healthier skin and hair. Personally, I always think about those as a reflection of what's going on internally. And Arma is one of those things that just supports that inside out approach. It helps reinforce your body's natural barriers from the gut and beyond, which can translate to stronger, more resilient skin, healthier, thicker looking hair, and more over time. And it's not just about appearance, of course. It's really about giving your body the building blocks that it needs to function optimally. It helps so much with things like muscle performance and recovery, with sleep, immunity, like I said, with gut health. It helps to fortify your gut barrier and of course help with the external as well. So, I've worked out a special offer for my audience. You can receive 30% off your first subscription order when you go to arma.com/wwell or enter well at checkout to get 30% off your first subscription order. That's a rm.com/wwell. I recently started taking something that I actually learned about on my podcast a few weeks ago with Dr. Autumn Smith and it's been really interesting to add into my routine, especially from more of an inside out beauty perspective. So, when I had Autumn on the show, she talked a lot about nutrient density and how organ meats are basically nature's multivitamin. They're packed with things like B vitamins, iron, and nutrients that support everything from energy to skin to hair health. But realistically, I'm not out here cooking liver. So, this has been my way of getting those benefits without actually having to eat organ meats. It's the Paleo Valley grass-fed organ complex. And it's made from 100% grass-fed beef organs like liver, heart, and kidney. All sourced from regenerative farms in the US. I highly recommend checking that episode out because she is so knowledgeable and I thought that I had heard it all in the last 7 years on my podcast, but she really opened my eyes in a good way to a lot of things that I should be looking for when it comes to what I'm incorporating into my diet. And what I love about the organ complex is how simple it is. It's just capsules. So you're getting those really nutrient-dense bioavailable ingredients in a way that's actually doable day to day. So if you are thinking about your outside as a reflection of what's going on inside, this is one of those foundational things that just makes sense to layer in. I'm still newer to it, so I'm really focused on consistency right now. But I love the idea of supporting my body with more whole foodbased nutrients, especially ones that are traditionally harder to get. So, if you want to try it, head to paleo valley.com/well or use the code well at checkout for 15% off your first purchase. I feel like when people talk about energy, recovery, and performance, they immediately jump to workouts or supplements. But one of the most overlooked pieces is actually gut health. If your gut isn't dialed in, everything else you're doing doesn't really work the way it should. Whether that's nutrient absorption, energy, or just how you feel daytoday, which is why I started using Momentous Fiber Plus. It's not just about staying regular. It's really designed to support your gut health more holistically, which is something that I've been really trying to focus on more this year. And what I like about it is that it's not just one type of fiber. It's a threein-1 formula with soluble fiber, insoluble fiber, and a prebiotic. So, it's supporting your gut from multiple angles. And it's super clean. There's no artificial additives. Everything is third party tested, which I always look for. I also think fiber is one of those things that most people assume they're getting enough of, but most of us really aren't. So, having something that makes it easy to be more intentional about it without overthinking it or completely changing your diet just makes it way more realistic to stay consistent. And it's one of those things that feels less like another supplement and more like a foundational habit. So right now, Momentous is offering my listeners up to 35% off your first order with the promo code well. Head to live momentous.com and use the promo code well for up to 35% off your first order. That's live momentous.com promo code well. >> Yeah. I've heard you talk about Vadic meditation. >> Is that the same as TM? >> Very. Yeah. It's like you have a mantra. Okay. >> It is given to you. You have a ceremony to get the mantra. >> Okay. Yeah. I started doing TM in 2018 and it was like so transformational to my life and since I've incorporated different kinds of meditation as well. Um, so I feel like I have different tools, but I loved hearing you talk about it and even when you're talking about business, you know, you've said that you have ideas that come to you intuitively and you can trust that intuition because you're so used to tuning into yourself. And I think that it's such a lost art today because we are so distracted. And sometimes, like I always say when I bring up meditation or I talk to guests about meditation, people just check out. >> Um, they do. >> I think so. Yeah. So, um, >> it's so important though. >> It's just like for me so like grounding and nourishing and something that I feel like I just don't ever want to be without. It's like a way to really connect with that deeper part of yourself. And so even my six and sevenyear-old have their own mantra that they were given and um they not as consistently but they you know will often be like okay let's meditate and the six-year-old does six minutes and the seven-year-old does seven minutes and uh technically the 15year-old is only required no you know to do 15 minutes but he will sit and do 20. >> Mhm. And what >> and his girlfriend now meditates too. No way. >> Yeah, she just learned. >> That's amazing. So, it's nice to be able to give children these tools so then they can have that solid foundation of knowing that whenever there's challenges in their life, they can really go back to their center and feel in themselves like what the right path is to, you know, to take or, you know, I just feel like it's a way of connecting to your deeper self and also something bigger than yourself. So mine's like a way that I also connect to God, you know, through meditation and prayer. >> Yeah, I can't agree with that more. I feel like the prayer is kind of like the speaking too and the meditation is the listening. And I don't know where I would be without that because the rest of the day I'm distracted. I'm not always in my body. I'm in my analytical mind. Like it's so hard to trust my decisions if I'm not also making that time to get really quiet and listen. and everybody has that. So I I'm curious like how that's guided you throughout your career. I know that it's guided you throughout your career with Kora. Was that something that you were doing when you were modeling as well? And if so, like how did that help you in that time also? >> So I learned uh meditation when I was like I guess I was 18 and that's when I started doing yoga as well, but it wasn't TM. It wasn't um Vic meditation. It wasn't until I think Flem was two that I learned Vic meditation. So I've been doing it since then. But prior to that I was just doing more of like guided meditations or you know condundalini meditations with breath work and stretching um and a lot of kind of visualiza visualization a lot of prayer. you know, I have such great faith thanks to my grandmother who would just read the Bible to me and I would ask her questions and I think that was I guess it was probably more prayer and faith-based um more so when I was younger and then it's gotten you know a bit of both which I feel is like really important to have both. >> Do you feel like all of that helped you or hindered you in your career prior like when you were modeling? Because I feel like I could be totally wrong, but from the outside I feel like you just have to be in this like grind mode >> all the time and be like a certain kind of personality almost to be able to push through. >> I was working six days a week and averaging like two different countries a week and I would only really take off Christmas because I told myself like this is a shortlived job so you've got to make hay while the sun shines. That's what I was doing. um and really wanting to embrace every opportunity um because obviously in compared to other jobs it is more of a short-lived profession. So I was doing my best and enjoying myself and but I really honestly it I was working out but I was enjoying it. I was never really I didn't have any moments of feeling like I was you know pushing myself too much. I just was missing out. The thing that hurt me the most was that I was missing out on like friends weddings and um special events like that. That that was the the compromise that I made to make sure that I was maintaining my career. >> Yeah. And it's amazing how you set yourself up to have another career as well. I mean, you have a lot of different roles. You're a wife, you're a mother, you're a friend, you know, you're all of these things. You're also a business owner. Um, >> I also design teacups. >> You do? >> Do you know that? >> No, that wasn't in the >> It wasn't in the brief. >> No. >> Yeah. And I've written two books. >> Okay. Amazing. >> Yeah. So, you have you have so many different trades essentially. >> I like I love like to be able to express myself creatively and I think through modeling I was expressing myself creatively. that was a creative way to express myself like through the use of like you know like wearing if you were doing fashion shoots and whatever you take upon that like character and that I remember working with Steven Meiselle and just like being in his presence was so incredible because he's a true artist. So working with creative people like a new being and a part of that creative expression to create that final image that was really fun to be a part of the creative process with these people like through the with the makeup artist and the stylist and and when everyone's like involved in in creating um something you know magical >> being that modeling can be such a short career. I'm sure that that would lend itself to like a fear of aging, but since you set yourself up in so many different ways and you have so many other passions and creative outlets, have you felt any of that? Like I know for me, for me going from 20 to 30 was harder than going from 30s to 40s. Like 40 I it was like nothing to me. I was excited. Um but at the same time, like we're women. We're scrutinized. We're women living in LA. You're very public facing, you know, like former model, like all of these different things. What is your perspective on age right now? >> Well, I really feel like if you're feeling good in yourself, that's how I want to age. Like feeling vibrant and healthy and like I have the energy to run around with my kids and grandkids hopefully one day. For me, it is a lot about how you feel energetically. And that's why I'm really into health is because I really love that 360 approach of like feeling your best and having that kind of vibrancy as long as you can because I would be so sad to to not have that. And so I think that's why I'm and have always been into like while I'm living, I want to be feeling my best. And I remember even when I was pregnant with Flynn at the height of my career as a Victoria Secret model, I obviously had to surrender what I was looking like um and my body was growing in all different ways. And I remember feeling at peace with that and feeling like, you know what, if it doesn't come back, it's this is all being worth it because it's such a joy. And I obviously was, you know, using the uh the Nourney Glow body oil on all the areas hoping that the stretch marks wouldn't like stay. >> I have to know. >> So like you do your best, but at the end of the day, >> I think my grandmother taught me so much about aging because she had quite a vibrant spirit and as in Australia we say like she was like >> she was quite like cheeky. I don't know if you say that here. She's quite like >> playful. >> Playful. Playful is the right word. And I feel like I'm hoping to be that, you know, and obviously I I've said it before, but I really want to be a grandma with great skin because there is so much we can't control, right? Like inevitably we're all going to age. But I feel like if I'm like consistent with my routines, at least it'll be I'll be aging with good skin with that good texture, you know? >> Yeah. Yeah. I feel like there's a misconception sometimes around women our age where people just assume that if we're doing things, it's because we want to look younger. >> Yeah. Exactly. >> I've always said like >> I want to have the vibrancy. >> Yeah. And I've I've been really open about things that I've done like procedures and in office treatments and whatnot. And I'm like I I don't I'm not trying to look young. I think that's where people get into trouble is if they're 40 trying to look 20. It's like I want to look the best that I can at my age now and in the future. And it's like skin is not just a vanity thing. It's an organ. Like you have to take care of it. Just >> organ. >> Yeah. And so so I think that that gets overlooked a lot. >> So I love that you want to be the grandmother with good skin. I'm going to maybe be the old aunt with good skin cuz I don't think kids are in the cards for me. >> You never know. You never know. >> Um Yeah. And I just feel like when you're comfortable in your own skin, that does radiate >> and that to me is more alluring than anything that you see on the outside, you know. But >> you have a presence. >> Oh, thanks. >> I'm sure people tell you that all the time, but that's something that like you can only get >> through the inner work. >> Yes. You know, it's like of course you're beautiful >> and but you but sitting here with you like you have a very grounding calm presence. >> Thank you. And that's my husband says that too. >> He does. Yeah. Cuz you do. You really do. And that's like a testament to somebody having done a lot of work and exactly like you're saying like being comfortable in your skin, knowing who you are, having that that center, right, that you can go to. Um, and having like the spirituality, like there are so many things. I think we're so quick now in the beauty and the wellness world to look for the tangible things that we can take >> or inject or >> drink or eat or whatever, like whatever is the easiest fix. Yeah. And it's like I always say like if there was a supplement that had like the effects that you could get from a mindfulness practice or something like people would be lined up, you know, someone would be like a trillionaire at this point. But that's the work that like there's just no shortcut. >> There's no shortcut. It's literally for me that like the one thing it's it's really the morning practice. >> Obviously having four kids in a business, I don't get the pleasure of being able to do the afternoon practice. >> Yeah. like I would if my situation was different. But I really really honor that time in the morning so that then I feel like I have I'm giving from a full cup you know and even my teacher said to me like I said to her you know some days I don't get to that I don't feel like I get to that deep space within myself where it's like blissful right but I have been there before and she said look it's just like when you are going swimming you might sometimes you might go to the deep end and sometimes you're just in the shallow And that's okay because your feet are still wet. And so I've now, you know, talked about that with my children and Flynn because Flynn has actually had both experiences where sometimes he goes really deep and it's really blissful and other times his mind is thinking of all the things which is natural as a human being. So I feel like if people are trying to meditate and they're feeling these thoughts and then they're like, "Well, I don't like it." But actually those thoughts needed to come out. And so that's just a way of like d-stressing your body and you'll feel better after you've had those thoughts, but it's sticking with it and it's riding that wave that's so >> Yeah. I remember when I did my course for TM, they were teaching us about the internal and external I don't remember what they called them like strokes or something of stress releasing because sometimes you're fidgety. Sometimes it's your body that needs to kind of like move around a little bit and sometimes it's your monkey mind that's just going going and it's like the whole thing is to be non-judgmental, right? >> Non-judgmental. That is the >> that is the one thing about meditation that I love so much is non-judgmental towards yourself and others. >> Cuz we're not the people we're not here to judge. >> I'm not here to judge anyone. >> Me neither. I love that it it just widens your perspective and it just makes you like curious. You can be curious about people, not judgmental. >> Yeah. And you realize on a bigger level that we're all interconnected. That really just means like we're all in this together. >> So, we should be kind to first of all, we have to be kind and gentle with ourselves and then kind and gentle with others. >> That's something that gets lost today, I think. By now, I think we all know that hydration and skin quality don't just start topically. They really start at the cellular level. And I think that we are going to see a lot more ingestable skinare in the future. And this is what I find so interesting about Rituals Pyera. It is designed to support skin hydration from the inside out using clinically studied ingredients. So, the key one is a plant-based phytoeramide which helps reinforce your skin barrier. and your barrier is everything when it comes to how your skin holds on to moisture. So, when it's strong, your skin looks smoother, more supple, and less lined. It also includes hyaluronic acid, which we usually think of as topical, but when taken internally, it helps support overall skin hydration levels. So, you're not just temporarily plumping the surface, you're actually improving moisture retention over time. And then there's a combination of antioxidant support which helps protect against oxidative stress, the kind that breaks down collagen and contributes to dullness and premature aging. What's really compelling is that this isn't just theoretical. In a clinical study, Hyasera showed a 2.9x increase in skin smoothness in 90 days compared to placebo. And participants also reported improvements in elasticity, glow, and radiance. So if you are somebody who's already investing in good skinincare, this is really about supporting those results on a deeper level. And if you want to try it, you can start Hyasera to support your glow without compromising on clean science. You can save 25% off your first month at ritual.com/well. A lot of factors like workouts, tight clothing, hormones, stress, and even your cycle can disrupt vaginal health and throw off your natural balance. And when that happens, it can show up as discomfort. changes in odor or just feeling off. And that is where O Positives Eurovvaginal Probiotic comes in. It is a targeted probiotic blend specifically formulated to support vaginal health by helping balance pH, support a healthy vaginal smell, and maintain a healthy vaginal flora. ERO is made with four clinically studied strains of Lactobacillus probiotics, which are the strains most associated with supporting vaginal balance. It also includes prebiotics to help those probiotics actually thrive and be more effective. And it's also worth noting that O Positive is a women's health company focused on creating products that are backed by clinical research and formulated with input from board certified doctors. Their products are designed to address real concerns women experience from hormone health to vaginal health and beyond. And it's so easy to incorporate into your routine. It's just two capsules a day and Euro is designed to support noticeable improvements over time with many people reporting benefits within just about 8 weeks. So take proactive care of your health and head to ositive.com/blond or enter the code blonde at checkout for 25% off your first purchase. That's opi.com/blond for 25% off. Lately, being consistent with workouts is one thing, but actually feeling good during them and recovering properly is a whole different level. And that really comes down to hydration. Because hydration isn't just about drinking more water. It's about electrolytes. Things like sodium, potassium, and magnesium are what actually help regulate fluid balance, support muscle function, and keep energy stable, especially if you are working out regularly, which I have been doing. And that is where Element comes in. It's an electrolyte drink mix formulated with a sciencepacked ratio. 1,000 millig of sodium, 200 mg of potassium, and 60 millig of magnesium. So, it's really designed to support how your body actually hydrates. And one thing that stands out is what's not in it. So, no sugar, no artificial ingredients because you don't need sugar for electrolyte absorption. And most people are already getting way more than enough of it. So, when you're training, sweating, or even just more active dayto-day, you are losing electrolytes. And if you're only replacing with water, it's easy to feel low energy, get headaches, or just feel off. Proper hydration is really about maintaining that balance. And side note, your skin is going to look better, too. So, Element is offering a free 8count sample pack with any purchase, so you can try different flavors and see what you like. Get yours at drinklement.com/wwell. That's d r i n klm nt.com/wwell. What are some of your wellness? We'll start with wellness non-negotiables. >> Well, meditation is my non-negotiable. Eating healthy produce, organic produce, you know, hopefully from a local farmers market. Quality filtered water. We have a great water filter on our house. >> Are you doing hydrogen? Uh, I do have actually a hydrogen machine and I do have an actual hydrogen water bottle that I am not so consistent with. So, it's not something I'm going to like. >> Not non-negotiable. >> It's not a non-negotiable for me, but pure clean water. And I've had the water tested to make sure it's really good. Yeah. Fruits like with veggies and produce and um obviously skin care, certified organic skinare because what you put on your skin soaks in and sunshine and obviously time with my loved ones. Uh probably movement so important as well like sometimes that's just a walk with the baby you know which is really fun taking him in the pram or with a friend and sometimes it's stretching it's yoga that's definitely something that I find so important and non-negotiable so yeah movement oo sleep >> what time do you go to bed >> it depends but I really try to get in bed by 9 so if I can sleep 7 hours then I'm I average about 7 >> 8 is Like, wow. That's like I've had a sleep in. >> Or I got to bed really early. Yeah. But, uh, 7 between 7 and 1/2 and 8 is ideal for me. And I'm an A blood type. I don't know if you know about blood types, but >> I do, but I don't know what mine is. >> Oh, I've been down all the the rabbit holes. >> So, what what does that mean? What do you do different? >> Apparently, a blood types need more sleep. >> Oh, >> yeah. >> So, I'm going >> I'm probably one of those then. I'm like not functional. If I get less than some nights I get like six and a six six and a half like just it just happens but then I need to like majorly make up for it. >> Do you find I find if I don't get enough sleep and then I do my meditation I feel much better. >> Yes. I find the meditation to be very cleansing. Yeah. Very restorative, energizing and cleansing. I get my main thing if I don't get enough sleep if I get tired I don't feel tired I feel anxious. Ah, >> so it's almost like a wired agitated kind of feeling. >> And um >> I've been there. >> Yeah. And usually the last thing I want to do in that state is meditate because it feels harder because my mind is really all over the place and my body is kind of all over the place. But you know, the hardest thing about meditation is the discipline to actually sit down and do it. That's the hard part. >> Yeah. And then I just I'm like, "Okay, just putting the timer on. Okay, sit." And I'm like, "Okay, good." Because otherwise you can distract yourself for 20 minutes or you can sit and do your >> I can literally sit on my phone and 20 minutes will pass in >> like one minute and I've gone down some weird rabbit hole. >> And you think that it's like, oh well, I'm learning something because it's about health and wellness, you know, cuz your algorithm is about health and wellness or kids and you're like, actually, what did I actually learn? >> Yeah. No, my algorithm is all figure skating right now. >> Oh, that is really >> all figure skating. They know. My boyfriend text me. He's like, "The girl from the US won gold." I was like, "Oh my god, I got obsessed this this season." I don't know why. >> It's also so beautiful. And >> oh my god, >> I think I might start taking lessons. I'm like, is 40 too old? >> You know, um, no, it's never too old. >> Uh, we just took up ice skating over the Christmas break and we really enjoyed it as a family. >> My husband's actually really good at it. >> How are you? I was a little more cautious. I think as a mother of four, I just don't want anything to get me off my feet. >> And I saw a couple of people have some really, >> you know, bad falls. >> And so I was like, I'm going to be a little more cautious. Whereas if I was younger, >> I feel like I wouldn't have felt that way. Yeah. >> Cuz I'm much more adventurous and I was just a little more cautious. But I I was fine. And I >> well I think when you're young and you learn your center of gravity is so low that like you're really not you don't have a lot of ground to cover when you fall whereas when you're our age it's like well I would think that you would have really good balance after all the years. Oh and all the years of modeling like >> Oh yes >> and gymnastics. I mean >> I do have really good balance. >> That's one thing that was going for me with the ice skating but I'm not going to be an Olympic medalist. Not to disappoint you. >> That was not for me. I know everybody is going to want me to ask, you've probably been asked this a million times, but how did you prep for like a Victoria's Secret show because I think it's so >> Well, I was obviously a lot younger, so you know, I was working out. I guess I was working out like six days a week, >> but I was enjoying it. I kind of was doing I was working out with a trainer named Justin Galband and he like got me really ready and I just kind of followed his lead. >> Mh. >> Sometimes we'd be doing skipping, sometimes we'd be doing these little discs and things. Sometimes we're doing boxing. Sometimes we were doing running up and down the Westside Highway, >> which was not one of my favorite things. And he knew that. It's not I prefer more like slow and steady. >> Yeah. And then you guys were doing the non oil, right? Oh, the non body oil all over our bodies to get that like beautiful glowing skin. >> Um, everyone got a spray tan. >> Before the show and you can actually do >> Contour the abs. >> Exactly. So, that's kind of like one of the things that a lot of us would do. Just get a little shady. >> A little etching. little etching in the abs, especially after I had uh Flynn because I was wearing the >> fantasy bra. >> And I'd just like not long had Flynn, I guess, like six months after. >> Oh my god. >> So, and I was still breastfeeding. >> So, yeah, that was fun. >> That's crazy. >> You must just get used to it, though. Like exposure, like exposure therapy, just being up in front of so many people looking at you. I mean, I just knew it was kind of like surreal for me because I would never have imagined myself if you said as a little kid that I'd be up there doing that. I would never have imagined that to be true >> to be happening or in my future, especially coming from the little town I came from. But I just was like, "Wow, okay. I'm just going to embrace it and have fun with it." And I like to, you know, I have quite a light-heartedness about me. So I like to be more light-hearted than serious about it. So I'm like, "Okay." So like one time my shoe came flying off and I was like, "Okay." And they like kept it in on the Victoria's Secret thing and I'm just like walking with one shoe and then one time in Milan the shoe came flying off and actually went into the audience. So that wasn't great. But hopefully everyone was okay. >> You do kind of have that cheeky playfulness. I can tell that your grandmother had >> No, I mean life is about like having fun. >> You can't take it too seriously cuz >> I feel like having a sense of humor is so important. >> Yeah. Do you feel more confident now than you did then? Oh, yeah. >> Like in your peak modeling years. >> As a woman, as an individual, you know, and I feel like >> obviously going through child birth was quite empowering as well. >> I can't imagine. I ended up on child birth TikTok for a minute there. Oh yeah. >> I don't know why. And I was like, "Oh my, the ring of fire." I'm like, "What is this?" Did you have that? >> Yes. With Flynn, when they told me about the ring of fire, I was like, "This is like the hula hoop of fire." >> Did you get an epidural? >> No. Not with Flynn. That was my first God. >> Yeah. No, I don't even >> How do you even survive? I feel like >> breath, breath, meditation, breath, and prayer. >> Oh my god. Did you have a long labor? >> Flynn was 27 hours. That is crazy. Women are amazing. >> Yeah, that was wild. >> And then do you get amnesia after where like you must have some degree of >> uh you >> to want to do it again? >> No, you didn't for I didn't forget. I just I was like no no I don't know what people are talking about. They forget. Oh the babies have forget. No, I remember. I still tell him to this day. Oh Finny, you really are >> Oh my god. Hula hoop of fire. Yeah, you're my little hula hoop over there. >> Oh my god, I'm dead. >> Lucky he also has a good sense of humor. He's like, "Mom, I don't want to hear it." >> That's so funny. I mean, yeah, I have so many more things that I want to ask you, but I guess I just love your perspective and your approach to life and beauty and wellness so much. If you could tell the women in the audience one thing that you would love for them to start doing today, what would it be? I feel like education is so important. So just like reading the back of like the products that they're using and just educating themselves on, you know, on how unnecessary some of those chemicals are. I think that education is is so key to learning and growing. And I feel like I'm learning and growing every day. And I'm still there, you know, looking at the supermarket on the back of the packaging and things like that. And I really truly believe that health is wealth. So if we take care of ourselves and and honor our body and do the right things, then we will feel better and be more energized. So just like yeah, try to educate yourself and and uh make decisions that feel in alignment for you. And I'd probably say find something that works for you where you can have like it might not be meditation. It might be something that gives you that similar kind of zen space for 20 minutes. Like I spoke to someone the other day and they didn't necessarily meditate, but they sat in a quiet room for 20 minutes, but they weren't doing a mantra or meditating. So they they gave themselves that time or another friend I know will like sit in a church, but they're not meditating, but they're just kind of being. So have find something where you can like be with yourself to kind of get in touch with that inner voice. >> I love that. Well, tell everybody where they can find you and find Kora, of course. >> Yes. So, koraorganics.com and obviously Instagram on Kora Kora Organics and or Miranda. You can follow me and Miranda Kerr as well. >> We'll link everything in show notes, too. Thank you so much. >> Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jane-vw5om [7 likes]: Why does everyone ignore the fact she accepted millions of dollars of jewellery from the Chinese billionaire and then had to return it because it was purchased with illegally obtained funds 😂 


She never liked him. She’s always been a gold digger. 


“In 2017, model Miranda Kerr surrendered to police over $8 million worth of jewellery gifted to her by Malaysian financier Jho Low in 2014”. 

Embarrassing and pathetic 😂

Why didn’t this interviewer lady ask about this?! More interesting than asking what noni fruit she eats 😂😂

Dud interview.
  2. @Jane-vw5om [6 likes]: Step 1 Marry a billionaire who will invest in your shtty business and take it internationally 

Step 2 sit at home drinking noni on a red light mat before bed😂
  3. @Jane-vw5om [5 likes]: She’s so full of sh t. She didn’t create her skincare brand. A wealthy Australian businessman created it and then took her on as the face of the brand to promote it. He’s notorious for starting brands and taking on famous people to partner with him and endorse it. She bought out the company and calls herself the founder. She then married a billionaire Snapchat boy who took her brand to the next level internationally because he ‘believed in his wife and the brand’ . She claims all the glory but she had others do the heavy lifting.
  4. @jona-s8h [4 likes]: Please stop trying so hard to advertise your brand, we know its not where it should be.
  5. @Jane-vw5om [3 likes]: Her husband is funding her crappy brand and took it internationally. It’s a hobby. The profit is very low and without him it could never have gone global. 

Just because skincare is organic doesn’t make it the best product for your skin. She’s filling her wrinkles with Botox and her face is looking puffier every year. She’s not even using her own skincare line she’s just seeing a cosmetic surgeon. This interview is so boring like all her interviews. She says the same thing, she has nothing insightful to add and she’s never honest about anything. 

Bye ✌️
  6. @Jane-vw5om [3 likes]: She’s known in Australia for being one of the biggest gold diggers. She finally bagged a billionaire but he’s half her age and a dweeb. No chance she would have given him the time of day if he wasn’t a billionaire and couldn’t fund her crappy brand 😂
  7. @annal6917 [2 likes]: All Mirandas interviews are Boring, she is not honest and open, she just on podcasts to promote her brand that sucks
  8. @avaquest [1 likes]: why all the botox hate comments? shes really pretty, thats the point and end goal. Its not like shes carrying a totally fake face. Im not for procedures generally but if you can pull it off with a small procedure here and there I dont get the hate.
  9. @christiedavis6088 [1 likes]: This is how I feel at 62
I have taken care of my skin all my life
I am still aging yet doing the best I can while looking natural 
Also beauty within is vary valuable
Loving and kind heart toward others, peace with God and within
  10. @martamoitinho8616 [1 likes]: amazing. Thank you
  11. @samhitadoblie2632 [1 likes]: Stop interrupting, she never got to share what she is taking now in the morning because you interrupted and didn’t let her finish - 4:55
  12. @irmakhaled8698: Never knew of the books ? I have the tea cups
  13. @SunnySunshinedvd: Quit Victoria's secret. They are behind the Epstein files 🗃️🗃️😡🗃️
  14. @rebecca-lillyscott8335: Just sell sell sell baby 😂
  15. @blahblah-s8e: how do u get to 40 and youre STILL physcially insecure and care about physcially beauty thats crazy
  16. @jessicamilne1406: How old are you Arielle Lorre? Your skin and hair and glowing and you look so youthful :) x
  17. @Ale-td1rv: Looks good for her age
  18. @WatercolorLoving: I may have missed it if you did already however I would love to see you address what's going on in the news with the modeling industry in regards to what these young women endure and safety
  19. @berealdj168: What juice she meant?
  20. @MelissaArnold-b1h: None of their forehead or eyebrows are moving. There's Botox involved.

- MY 5AM MOM MORNING ROUTINE |this will motivate you to be productive, get on a routine & thrive!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Laughter] literally like a milkshake oh gosh but I want to show you guys what I do on my iPad how I plan on my days how I'm super organized w what's up y'all welcome to my 5:00 a.m. morning routine as a mom today I'm going to be showing you how I just managed my entire life because I feel like morning is just set me up for a really good day so I've been trying to stick to this 5: a.m. morning routine and it really has changed my life so you guys saw me go to the gym super early it's now 6:30 my husband is upstairs with the kids he always just sits with them for about an hour either does like a Bible study with them or watches some TV with them which is great because that means I can shower do my makeup do my hair I haven't done my hair yet okay we're going to get into that but I haven't done my hair yet and just do some time for me okay cuz as a mom you're just pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring and that's why I was like if I wake up earlier I have a longer day which means it's time for me like I can utilize this time for me so to all my moms out there I know it's hard to wake up early I know you're tired but I promise you like this is your U time if you're like I never have enough time in the day it's because you need time when the babies are asleep my kids usually sleep to 7:30 today they woke up a little bit earlier but they usually do sleep till 7:30 which is nice so if you guys want to see how I schedule all my mornings how I stay productive the tools that I use then keep on watching I promise you are going to be motivated from this video I already showered I did my makeup and I'm about to do my hair but before I put any products in it I actually wanted to do a treatment with my IR restore Elite device I am so excited to be telling you guys about the IR restore Elite device because I really believe this thing is going to change my life let me give you a little backstory I have two babies I have an 8-month-old and I have an almost 2-year-old each postpartum period with my babies when I hit 4 months postpartum my my hair literally started coming out in clumps and I'm going to try to not get emotional because it really is an emotional Journey when it comes to your hair but y'all when I was in the shower I vividly remember one balling my eyes out while I'm over here pulling clumps and clumps and clumps of my hair out I'm going to insert a video just so you guys have like a visual of what I was going through I am so attached to my hair so to see it just literally go down the drain like that I was broken so this is a picture of what my edges looked like 4 months ago they were completely gone completely thin I was balding like all of the things this is what my hair looks like right now so it definitely has come back but not as much as I wanted to y'all my hair used to be so full here and I still feel like it is pretty spotty and it's just not as thick as it used to be so all of those hair growth oils and hair growth serums just didn't give me the results that I really wanted which is why I did some more research and found out that the iris store Elite device could give me results in as little as 90 days so here's what the iris store Elite device looks like it's basically this cap that you put on your head for only 12 minutes a day which I love because you know I don't have time for all of these extensive treatments so for the next 3 months I will be taking you guys along my Iris store Elite Hair journey and we're going to see if we can grow these edges back which I am very confident in because when I went on their website I saw so many before before and after results that literally just blew my mind and iore is the only system to actually combine laser and led and ensures the light energy is evenly distributed on your head so it can regrow more of your hair results showed over 43% in hair increase in Just 4 months y'all so if you guys want to join me on this journey and get medical grade results at home use my code for $625 off of the IR restore Elite device and we can be on this hair growth journey together everything will be linked down in my description okay so I'm going to knock out my 12 minute treatment probably read my Bible a little bit I ended up getting to read my Bible in the car I did like a whole 30 minute Bible study because my workout got pushed back 30 minutes so I was like okay Lord clearly you want to spend some time with me so I did my Bible study I prayed but I'm just going to go over my notes again and just read those and then hop right into the whole mother thing okay I'm going to get these babies up get them dressed get some breakfast done I'm going to start scheduling out their new school calendar cuz I just got that in we've got a lot to do so I will talk to youall in one second okay hair is wet now cuz I just did it hey this whole back and forth they're starting to fight y'all but why can't he read the book too I think their dad tried to put some clothes on them and they are very suspicious so we're going to find new outfits I usually like get them dressed face wash brush teeth then we go to downstairs and do breakfast and everything like that and Genesis she is in school so I try to get her there by like 9: hoping we can we can make that the morning's a little stretched because I am filming but usually that's a schedule because me and my husband do work from home and I like to be in the office by like 9:30 9:45 the good thing is I don't have any meetings today which is why I'm wearing just like literally just some linen pants and just a T-shirt and it's Monday so no meeting Monday is good let's pick out something to wear I like the top I just she has sweatpants on and it's 9 out so let's find some shorts they have these little dressers we got from unah home that are so cute and just save a lot of space we can do these do you want to wear these no Jenna keep the shirt on I think we're just going to switch out the pants I think these are pretty big on her though Jenna I'm going to help you give me one second okay what's going on with you today hey hey hey hey hey you're going to keep the shirt on okay no you need to take a deep breath no so I don't know what's going on with you right now do you want to wear this Romper this Romper is cute you want to wear this yeah okay let's put this on instead you want you and your brother want a twin with this sad beige mom aesthetic yes okay give that to your brother Ezra always wears something very casual because he's just in the house with me these little linen shorts are cute so I think we're going to do that and girl do y'all see I be getting beat up I not even joking and girl what like what even possessed you to do that and then cries cuz cuz cuz Mom it's me Ezra come help me D my boy d boy so breakfast I kind of want to do something quick but I know Genesis is kind of hungry I might whip out my griddle and do some french toast but if not I'm going to do some oatmeal and some fruit for her actually we kind of do need to eat that fruit that's in the fridge so I I might just end up doing some oatmeal with some fruit I'm going to also show you guys like what I use to schedule out my days schedule out my weeks because Mondays is always like my planning days so I always plan out my weeks on Monday and like I said I just got in the kids' new schedule Ezra will be starting school or daycare whatever you want to call it I'll be calling a school baby because prices is giving school okay and they be having a whole little system so yeah he's starting it next week though they're going to be in different classrooms so I need to write down like each of their events and they be having all these different types of days and stuff like that so I need to make sure to write those down for both classes and I'll just show you guys like what I do to organize my entire life on my iPad mayam man oh my goodness I think he's getting a little sick though cuz he's a little warm I took his temperature he's at a 99 so he's got like a low grade fever but you'd never be able to tell cuz this dude is just the Happ is oh you guys sleepy oh may let me change your diaper ready let me see your face want to show your oh toothpaste let me help you and then you'll do it okay open open she only lets me do it for like literally 30 seconds okay hey hold this and then I'm going to do it open I got to get the B CU that toddler breath okay let's do it together open thank you now we'll do your hair down stairs come on I know I have to wipe your face sorry okay y'all let's go downstairs E's acting like he wants to go down for his nap earlier so after I do breakfast with Jenna I think that's what I'm going to do I always just add some more milk to cool it off faster cuz oatmeal just so hot she likes brown sugar oatmeal do you want watermelon no do you want raspberri no she just saying nothing javon's at the gym right now so we alternate this morning routine or it depends like if I do majority of morning routine he'll do night routine what's the first of the day let's remind ourselves let's remind ourselves therefore since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us Believers have ran this race far before us y'all and it is a marathon okay this race of faith is a marathon and you need endurance you need spiritual endurance so Lord if there be anything in me that is hindering me from just coming boldly to your throne whether it be my own way my anxiety my mind just racing I release it God cuz I want to run this race with you and not through My Own Strength so many times I do it through My Own Strength God and I just need you in this moment I'm feeling a little overwhelmed a little over stimulated I invite you into this space to help me in Jesus name amen there's no rush to get out of the house we just need to leave when we can so let me give her breakfast so let's sit you here as I'm all right say your prayer amen I'm making you a bottle I got you dude I got you dude I got you let me make you a bottle the formula we use we've been using it ever since he's been on formula he's now transition fully so I'm not breastfeeding anymore we're going to talk about it in a weekly Vlog but yeah I stopped breastfeeding last week officially eight Scoops it's the only thing with this formula it's like so many scoops cuz it's only one per ounce you just down you're not all done try to again here you go there you go all right so Jenna didn't eat her breakfast what's new okay can't force a kid to eat all you can do is give him food but what she is going to have is my smoothie that I'm about to make I'm about to show you how to make cuz I told you I was going to show you in the last couple Vlogs and didn't so if you guys have ever been a Smoothie King and tried the lean pineapple this is it to a SE this is this is the lean pineapple now you can also Spruce it up and do like add mangoes cuz um Smoothie King no longer has the lean pineapple lean one pineapple but they do have the lean one mango pineapple this is literally the only thing in my whole life that I will measure with like measuring cups but it needs to be precise so get a one cup measuring cup get whatever fruit you want you can do half a cup mango half a cup pineapple that's right she's walking around my shoes it's going to be a cup of whatever fruit you choose I like pineapple I think it's best it's literally going to taste like a pineapple Cloud well it's really not one cup girl cuz it's like this like this amount but it needs to be precise so get a one cup measuring cup this probably two cups but you are going to measure the juices you're going to do this exact one it's from Kroger I mean I'm sure anyone but like this is the one that tastes the best to me it's pure pineapple and it's from Lakewood half okay so half stop switch over pure apple not just apple juice girl I'm talking about pure dang it I think my husband's home and I wanted to have her hair done by the time he came back so we could just bring her a school put that in there this is the key lean one no other protein powder this one if you want it to taste exactly like the Smoothie King one you need to get the Smoothie King Powder and you can buy this at Smoothie King you can probably order it too Two Scoops Two Scoops it's going to taste like a pineapple milkshake it's literally so good like this is the only protein powder I can stomach and this is something like I'll genuinely sip on like it's that good like it's not something you just got to you know struggle your way down you got to like do it for at least look at that consistency it's like a milkshake let it run for like a minute perfect Cloud let's try it it's like literally like a milkshake the protein powder only has 8 gram of sugar the pineapple and apple juice lowy have a lot of sugar so but I don't care it's that good all right oh shoot all right let's do your hair a all right y'all so my husband just dropped off Jenna at school Ezra just went down for his morning nap so this is like my quiet time this is really when I can knock out the bulk of my work I'm praying that Ezra takes a really long nap because the past two days he has a short nap for him is like an hour a long nap is like three lowkey 4 hours like this boy can sleep so I'm hoping it's one of the long naps but I want to show you guys what I do on my iPad how I plan out my days how I'm super organized and I'm about to put you on okay because this is really some unreleased exclusive but I just I can't contain this lowkey I should contain this because I don't need y'all buying this I'm going to put you on okay and it's really taking everything in me for you for me to show you this cuz I know how y'all get selling stuff out but these if you are like an all over the place thinker got a million thoughts in your mind this don't say I never put you on on nothing 70 milligrams of Caff vitamin b6 and b12 omega3 I don't know what's in this I just said what's in it but I don't know what's in this you pop one of these babies girl you you will be writing essays like I actually have a sponsorship with olly and I tried them out I'm like okay let me like try these to make sure they actually say what they're going to do before I go out here doing this campaign me and Javon have been trying these for a week we sit up in this office and we will Yip Yap for two hours straight just talking it literally gives you energy like obviously it's the caffeine but the B12 also gives you a lot of energy and I just like that it's a healthier version because when I grew up I had ADHD so I took Aderall I don't like taking ader all anymore for all my ADHD girls that's all these are not out yet they come out October 1st so look for these to drop they're not out yet though okay so we're going to start my iPad this is under the little agenda um basically how this pops up cuz I have it as a widget it will pop up right here so I know exactly what I need to do for the day which is super helpful so today I've got some emails to knock out hop in emails film a sponsorship review a video and then upload it send to Brand those are like my major things that I need to do and it'll probably take me about 3 hours to do so this is like day-to-day stuff any day-to-day things I'll just put it in my agenda but when it comes to like big tasks like I talked about the school calendar and stuff I'm going to hop over here which is Google Calendars y'all Google Calendars is the truth I love it because it'll send you reminders it can you can literally make it as an event basically with Google Calendars you can just create an event and then you can share it with people which I like and a lot of people already utilize Google Calendar especially if they have a Gmail account which like 90% of us do so I love this for like reminding Javon if the kids have doctor's appointments or dentist appointments um also like day-to-day stuff when it comes to my work so if I know I have a film day I'll put that like block that off in my Google Calendar if I know I have like an editing day block that any major tasks that I need to like remember for the day so bigger than like a day-to-day task like okay go answer emails we know that that can be in the notes but if it's like a significant event that's when I will put it in Google Calendar I can share it with anybody who it needs to be shared with and it's just a really good way to stay organized so I just got in the kids calendar so I'm just going to go ahead and mark off any dates so this is the 2024 to 2025 school year so let's see we're in August and usually I do this month by month like I don't overwhelm myself and do the whole year cuz that's just crazy so Ezra's first day of school is on the 5th so an event like this asra's first day of school I usually set it around 9:00 a.m. and then I can add guess so I'm going to add Javon I'm going to add Grandma's in here so that way every everyone's in the loop and it's not a meeting or anything like that so I don't utilize like Google meet and then for any event I always I color code everything so that way it's super easy so like meetings I always have them in blue events I always do pink as was first at school okay let's see what else the third so schools also close on the second so yeah basically I'm just going to go through mark this calendar with any significant event knock out some work so let me just finish this real quick all right y'all I just finished my calendar now I'm ready to hop right into work and that's really going to wrap up my morning routine I hope this could motivate you and inspire you I know as a mom we can plan all we want but sometimes life is just going to life and one word that I got today when I was doing my Bible study is just extending myself Grace I am a human I am not perfect and I think what the enemy wants you to do is get into this mindset that you have to be perfect but God has never called us to be perfect um in fact he sent his son because he knows we were not perfect and he knew that we would need help on this Earth so you're not perfect girl and you can plan all you want but sometimes it it don't matter but I do like to be proactive in it and if things come up things come up but today has been pretty smooth thankfully and I'm ready to get into some work so I hope you guys enjoyed my morning routine if you want more videos like this make sure to let me know down in the comments below I love you guys I appreciate you so so much and I'll see you next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @thestructuredmom [1 likes]: No one talks about how hard it is to stay organized when your whole day revolves around other people 😭
  2. @roxanaalvarenga2320 [1 likes]: I need to meet you! And just talk!!
  3. @yoyov1202 [1 likes]: Loved this video, thanks for sharing💕
  4. @Empress426: Hi girly! I love your content! Single 27-year-old student doctor praying to also be a wife and mother one day. Your content gives me hope! Wanting to try the Brainy Chews for studying, is there any way that I can give you kudos for the OLLY promotion?
  5. @OURGILMERLIFE: Can you please share the product names of what you put in Genesis' hair? My husband is half-black and I have no idea what I'll use when we have a daughter to make her hair look cute like that. I like using only natural products. Right now I'm pregnant with our first son! So I have some time to figure it out. Thank you and God Bless.
  6. @Abramsfam: what camera are you using?
  7. @SashaInShanghai: This video found me when I needed it most❤
  8. @Destinydior25: I love this video 🫶🏽 I’m A Mama but I know a lot of people won’t be able to relate to me because of my previous life choices, I’m only 26 and changed my entire life to be a mommy ❤❤❤ I share most of my vids on tiktok but I do have a YT Channel 🎉looking too connect with non judgmental moms  ✨
  9. @justChristina96: Waiiiit why do you keep getting attacked 😂😭
  10. @patriciahart5563: Wish I saw this video earlier because baby my hair, my hair, my hair😢 it's finally growing back
  11. @ramsyruth5041: Same balding situation, since 2 Weeks 😭😭 my baby is 4 months old next week
  12. @najablaznik5480: Your kids are so cute 💗 Great video
  13. @Babypelly: Waking up earlier is such a good idea but hard to implement 😫 will eventually try it out though 😍
  14. @tatianagancheva8739: I started preparing my kids outfits from the previous night, so when my husband is dresing them in the morning, he has a ready outfit and i do not need to spend extra time changing clothes again :) And my husband is very happy too, because he finds it really difficult to make decisions on what to put on them as clothes 😂 he takes more time wondering, than actual clothing the child... MAN!
  15. @gisellerosario5260: your son has the same name as my son i feel like this up coming generation theres going to be alot of Ezra's its a beautiful name
  16. @Imageallure: Yo I LOVE your video!!! It calming and encouraging to watch because you’re a regular person and showing real life, and also you don’t have the annoying elevator music playing in the background the whole time. Keep it going, love it!!
  17. @ImJusNikki87: I needed this video so much 💕🥹🙌🏽🙏🏽🫶🏽
  18. @luwamchildofGode4666: Woww you are amazing women ! i am new mum i wake up at 1:00, pm sometimes 12:00 😀 my baby doesn't sleep at night.i am very much inspired !
  19. @kristiarias3638: I love your outlook on life. Great advice always
  20. @inaldys: Where do you get your daily verses ?

- My Health + Wellness Routine | Fitness, Supplements, Vegetarian What I eat! Mom of 3!: Kind: captions Language: en good morning good morning guys I'm Elle welcome back to my channel today I'm really excited because I'm going to be sharing my health and wellness routine with you so I'm going to be taking you through the whole day and showing you the elements of the day that I work on to keep my body and my mind and my spirit healthy so if you're new to my channel I would love it if you hit the subscribe button as well as follow me over on Instagram I'm at Elle Lindquist and let's go ahead and get started so my day always starts with either my kids or my cat waking me up and so I try to have a rule of not laying in bed too long after I've woken up I was finding it was too easy for me to just grab my phone and lose like 20 minutes of the day just scrolling Instagram trying to get myself to wake up I find that I actually wake up faster when I just kind of force myself out of bed if you've been following my channel for a while then you know that I was never traditionally a bed maker but I've been an official convert for a couple of months now and one way that I have found a lot of success is by making my bed as soon as I get up in the morning so before I give myself a chance to think about it and get too lazy to make my bed I make it right away and it does sort of set the tone for the day and then another tip I have is to lay out my workout clothes the night before I have about a 20 percent drop rate and chances that I'm actually going to workout for every hour of the day and so if I set up my workout clothes the night before and I get into them immediately I find that I am much more likely to actually get my workout in it's a shame - my hands are shaking all the time so the first thing I do when I get downstairs is start making my coffee usually at that time is when the kids are coming downstairs and insisting on their breakfast right away so I usually only get my coffee sort of half prepared and then I get the I get their breakfast on and then I get my coffee all the way done and I sit down and this is when I do my morning positive affirmations if you are on my newsletter then this Friday so tomorrow's newsletter is all about the science behind positive affirmations and I'm also going to be including an mp3 that you can download and listen to the positive affirmations but it's something that I do every morning and it really truly does make a difference so if you're not subscribed in the newsletter go ahead and subscribe today that way you don't miss tomorrow's newsletter and tomorrow's mp3 I'll have a link in the description box below another important aspect of my wellness routine is making sure that I'm connecting with each of my kids one on one each day and it doesn't mean that they always get equal one-on-one time every day I just kind of see who needs the most amount of attention that day and what they need and just make sure that I'm pouring into them and giving them what they need so I try and spend as much time as I can with them as well as the animals and ignore the croissant crumbles from cowan that were all over my floor once it is time for brightens first nap I get her it down for a nap and then I get the boy started on some independent schoolwork they can work on or an independent craft something that will hold their attention for about 20 to 30 minutes or I just have them in the playroom section of the loft and that's when I get my workout in it is so important for your mental health as well as your physical health to move your body every day and as a mom of three I've had to kind of Reese Kalp sure recreate what I think constitutes as a workout sometimes it looks like a bowl of normal workout sometimes it just looks like going for a walk with the kids and as long as you're moving their body every day there are so so many health benefits so give yourself grace and just do what you can you guys know I've been following tone it up for years and they just started their summer challenge on Monday it's not too late to join so if you're wanting like a free six-week kind of kickstart to some fitness and motivation I would suggest joining them because they have really really great inspirational workouts and their app I believe is free right now and normally it's about 10 bucks a month so something to check out once I'm all done my workout it is time to jump in the shower and it was a hair washing day for me I wash my hair about once a week and so what's my shower is done then I do my morning skincare let me know if you would like me to do a morning skincare routine over on Instagram TV I recently paired my skincare way way way down I didn't compromise on ingredients or that or the fact that it's clean beauty and cruelty-free but it cost me way less money I'm using way less ingredients and my skin has actually never been better doing it for a few months now so let me know if you would like that routine and I will film it over on Instagram TV for you guys so I do my morning skincare routine I also use a wash a tool I could do a separate Instagram TV video all about washa if you're interested as well because there's so many benefits another thing that is sort of new to my routine is I have been following the curly girl method so I've been doing this for almost a month now and I'm starting to see a difference in my hair I'm still working through what products and combinations of tips work best for my hair but once I have a sense of what products and techniques tend to work for me best I will definitely film an Instagram TV video for you guys as well if you're interested in learning how to get kind of wavy curly hair now I definitely don't do makeup every day but I usually do it on days when I'm filming or just when I feel like I need to pick me up PS I've been loving my bangs but if I'm following the curly girl method I might need to grab them out because that's not the look I'm going for so lately I've just been kind of twisting them back and the makeup routine that I do on days when I do feel like wearing makeup it takes me like five minutes it's all clean beauty and its really simple products I've really really simplified the amount of products that I own and just kept ones that I know really really work well and are cruelty free not tested on animals and are also beneficial to the skin so again if you guys want like an easy five-minute makeup tutorial I will happily film that and put that on my Instagram TV the last thing I do before I head downstairs is put on some perfume even though it doesn't matter because it's not like I'm seeing anyone it makes a difference in my mental health I just use some essential oils and then a natural deodorant your underarms are so absorbent and if you're going to start with any non-toxic product definitely switch over to a natural deodorant and then I brush my teeth and head downstairs so we're kind of done I've got myself ready for the day and I'm gonna go ahead and make myself a smoothie a big part of having a healthy wellness routine is nutrient-dense foods so not counting calories not restricting your diet in any way just fueling your body with nutrient-dense food so today I'm going to go ahead and do a smoothie and then I think I'm going to take Ellie for a walk because I let her up for a quick pee in the morning but now that I'm like dressed for the day I can take the kids and Ellie for a walk when I'm eating is also when I take my vitamins so recently I was doing a lot of research into vitamins and nutrients and what your body actually needs and I've learned that if you're not pregnant or newly breastfeeding as long as you're eating a healthy balanced diet you don't necessarily need a multivitamin and it's certainly not going to hurt but you might be wasting your money a lot of the vitamins in a multivitamin are water soluble so whatever your body doesn't need it just pees out and at the worst cases if it's fat soluble vitamin then it can actually be dangerous because it can build up in your system so again you know obviously consult your doctor great miss playing with pots and pans obviously consult your doctor but as long as you're eating a healthy balanced nutritious diet you don't necessarily mean a multivitamin so some of the multivitamins that I do take is a vitamin D it's just a vegan vitamin D drop you just need one drop and it gives you a thousand I you per drop because this is something that most people are deficient in and then because I am a vegetarian I also use a b12 spray so this is something if you're vegetarian or vegan you almost definitely need a b12 supplement of some kind and so this is the ones I use and then the other one that I take which is specific just to me is why ashwagandha it's a type of a mushroom I think it's an adaptogen and essentially on an adaptogen is if it puts your body into a slight state of stress and what that does is it actually helps your body cope with stress better cope with environmental stress which helps with anti aging but also helps with things like anxiety depression there's a lot of research on adaptogens and the health benefits of adopted jhin's I'll leave some information down below so those are the multivitamins that I take and and then I do take one two more at bedtime but I'll tell you the next step in my wellness routine is to get some emails done there are aspects of everyone's job that they like better than others and for me answering emails can be really daunting because I get so many emails lots of them are spam but lots of them aren't and you don't really know until you start kind of scrolling through them so it can really build up and get overwhelming and then become this mountain in my mind that I don't want to cross and so giving myself some time to actually get down to a zero inbox is so satisfying when it finally gets done another thing that I find makes a huge difference in my mental wellness is to keep my house tidy I kind of tidy up throughout the day as I go along and there's something really satisfying about tidying up your house but it also just feels really great after there's definitely a correlation between cluttered house and cluttered mind and so taking that you know 5-10 minutes to clean up every day really truly does make a difference I find it's why I post so many cleaning videos and so if you've missed I've recently been doing more cleaning videos as well as minute tidy-up switch is just 10 minute videos that hopefully help kind of spark some motivation for you to get up and get moving and get cleaning so I'll leave some down below but make sure that you're subscribed to this channel so that when I post my next cleaning video you don't miss it another thing I wanted to offer you guys is some free printables so to go along with this video I created a wellness checklist so it's something you can print every day and kind of check off and track along with and it'll help keep you motivated and inspired and help kind of organize your day for you and then I'm also going to include a free meal plan a weekly meal plan for you guys and so all you have to do is sign up for my newsletter and you will automatically get those two printables and if you are already signed up for my newsletter they will be in the printable on Friday just something free and fun that I wanted to offer you guys and I want to start making a bunch more free printables and all of them will be available free when you sign up for the newsletter so you guys can look forward to that now is my favorite part of the day in living a well and fit lifestyle is enjoying a nice tea at the end of the day this is from David's tea and it's called valerian Nights I cannot even explain to you how yummy this tea tastes and smells it's kind of coconutty kind of vanilla II it's really really really good and it's got valerian root in it which helps you sleep another one that you can try is this moon will key that you can add nut milk to if you would like that as an alternative but usually I go for my David's tea and then I also run myself a bath I am someone who has to have a bath every night I love using this dr. teals lavender foaming soap you can get it at Target or Walmart it's really inexpensive but the aromatherapy really helps wind me down while my bath is running is when I take the last of my supplements for the day so the first one is a valerian sleep time compound and it's just a liquid texture that I add into my tea when it comes to supplements it really matters the brand of supplement you get making sure that it's a high quality one the next one I take is a melatonin spray and this is just five sprays under the tongue and then the last one is my prescription anti-anxiety it's an SSRI so it's an anti-anxiety antidepressant and I am someone who has no shame in the game of taking an SSRI I think there's a lot of stigma around anxiety and depression and I am someone who really believes in breaking that stigma it's perfectly fine if you need medication if you're a diabetic you wouldn't be ashamed of taking insulin if you have generalized anxiety disorder or depression you should not feel embarrassed if you need to take medication for that another thing that I do at the end of the day is to fuse some essential oils lately I have been loving this cedar wood essential oil it's a nice grounding scent it just helps me relax at the end of the day one thing I try to do every night when my bath is over instead of watch a show is to read I read from my devotional which is Jesus calling this one's really great if you're just kind of starting off with a devotional because the excerpts are really short and digestible and then they're suggested reading if you have the bandwidth to read deeper so I would suggest that one I have a link it down below and then another book that I am reading right now is one of my best friend's books Love Without Borders guys I'm not just saying this because Angie is one of my best friends this book is truly life-changing Angie just poured her whole heart into this book it's so well written and I feel like there are some books that you want to listen to on audible and some books that you want to download on your Kindle but there are certain books that you really genuinely want to have in a hardcover edition because it's something you want to underline and highlight and refer back to in years to come and I would really suggest that you guys get this book in hardcover version it's just one of those books that you definitely want to have a physical copy of I will link her book down below and you guys have to let me know once you buy her book because you'll know what I mean once you read the first chapter this book is one of the best books I have in years once I am done reading I put my Fitbit tracker on because it helps track my sleep I put my satin eye mask on because I'm a 90 year old woman I call the Bern stir up onto the bed and the two of us snuggle in for a nice night so I hope you guys enjoy my full-day wellness and fitness and health routine I do plan on having a full postpartum fitness update for you guys in two weeks where I'm going to be talking about specifically my postpartum fitness journey how I lost the baby weight kind of what I eat in a day more kind of casual style but I'm going to be including some details and tips for you guys in that so stay tuned for that if you guys aren't subscribed to my channel I would love it if you hit the subscribe button I would also love to see you following me on instagram i'm at a Lindquist thank you guys so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @karriekaite470 [3 likes]: I would love a “curly hair” routine! Yours looks so pretty since you’ve changed it up, and I’m inspired. ☺️ (FYI - I’ve ALWAYS liked your hair...color, length, braids, bangs, ALL THE STYLES.) My hair is the “in between” type where I have to either straighten or curl it to get it to look okay. If there is a method where I could put the same effort into it to make it look “natural” like yours...Girl, share it with me! 😀
  2. @StinaMöllstam [1 likes]: Thanks for yet another inspiring en encouraging video! You are doing such a great job giving details and inspo. 💕
  3. @nancystark526 [1 likes]: I would love to see your skin care and makeup routines!!! 😃
  4. @carrieanderson6856 [1 likes]: How is Dann doing these days? Haven’t seen him much since your gum surgery 😊
  5. @noricoleman8988: I'm so glad you ate breaking the stigma of SSRI. I also have to use them for hormonal imbalance and anxiety so I understand the need and the stigma. Woman definitely need to let each other know its ok and that we can lead a healthy lifestyle and do our best even if we need the extra help. Thanks again!
  6. @ricochetkitty7215: Your kitty loves the valerian tea and drops! 😂
  7. @andrielisilien: I too take a prescribe SSRI and I rely heavily on herbal teas. Skullcap is very good along with valerian, chamomile, etc. I also recommend a brand called Pukka with a blend called Woman Kind.
  8. @rbri7827: What natural deodorant do you use?
Would love to see what products you use for your 5 mins make up routine. Thanks
  9. @teeandkids937: Gurrrlll this is such a great routine! Where do you get your ambition from!? Hook me up haha
  10. @alicescott97: Loved this video ❤️
  11. @lakinnickerson3999: You are so cute, Elle💛
  12. @teresan.3694: Yay! Loved this video! Would love a skincare routine. I’m switching to clean beauty too
  13. @chloeanderson1652: I love that jumper! Where’s it from?
  14. @tak_sobie_wloczkuje: Making your bed right after you wake up it's not such a good idea. Sweat that collected in the mattress over night doesn't have enough time to evaporate through the sheets and duvets. It needs about half an hour to an hour to do that. Just a little tip I learned from work :)
  15. @paulinacardiel8709: Yes, please to the IGTV make up video. 
Thank you for helping break the stigma of taking medicine for ones health. My Grandma suffers from mental health issues and takes medicines to help her.  With that said I do believe (because of what I have learned from alternative medicine practitioners) that pharmaceutical medicines can be so damaging to the body. My grandma used to take about 6 medications but with the help of alternative medicine now only takes 2 and she is doing well. 🙂 Lots of love, I don't mean to criticize or tell you what to do. I know everyone is on their on journey, I'm just sharing my experience. 💛
  16. @Sakura-zu4rz: Your charm is irresistible!!😁 You look energetic.💪 You have a great smile. I love you!!😘
Food is the most powerful medicine!
 Moving from the Japanese ideal of being thin equals beautiful to healthies’ beautiful. 

I think considering that everyone is a very different beauty, in terms of weight, in terms of size, look. I’ve noticed that Japanese women are getting skinny thinner and thinner. There’s also so much information about different diets, and overwhelming and confusing… Its good aware of a good diet is to inspire women to make changes to their diet and also their lifestyle, diet, exercise, sleep based on hormone, health, longevity, beauty as well as skin in the future.
  17. @dz3860: Love this. Looking forward to the post partum workout routine.
  18. @croccatcher: I've got Angela's book on kindle, it on the list to read, I love your routine, thanks for sharing with us.
  19. @whitneyhawk2116: Elle, I love content like this ❤️
  20. @eunicechan7956: Toneitup is awesome!!! But it isnt free anymore :)

- 4am Morning Routine | how to set your day up for success: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] a morning routine is so essential in order to set your day up for success it's a small little things that you do in the morning that give you a sense of peace and as I've been through trial and error of understanding what works and what doesn't work in my morning routine I feel like I found the perfect balance that helps me prioritize my mental physical and also getting me ready for the day and I understand that some of us may not be able to do every single thing that I show in this video but I want to make it clear that you do not have to do every single thing that I show in this in order to be successful hungry hey guys welcome back to the game I was just recently a guest on my first million you think you're working hard until you see what hard looks like and then you're like I wasn't even working nearly as hard but I see that as encouraging because it means that so many people have so much underutilized potential because they just haven't even learned how to work morning morning morning some people are so nice here I started running more recently and running gives me just gives me a different feeling I think it's the long distance where you are just in Silence with yourself and you're running and you want to give up but you continue to keep going and it's kind of similar to the gym but running gives you a different feeling because you're connecting with nature is journaling was the first thing that I started doing for my mental health that was a way where I emptied out all the negative thoughts that I would have I found a technique that I love to do when journaling writing out an affirmation for the day this is literally speaking things out into existence whether it's you are strong you are independent you are powerful you speak that out into the universe yes you have to take action but because you are putting that out into the world you will Attract it and then I always write about an intention for the day intentions are setting the tone for what you're going to do it's literally just reminding yourself I am going to have the intention to make sure I am using my time wisely I'm not wasting it or the intention to move my body by going to the gym or going for a run and then obviously a section for you to write about what you're grateful for and then one of the most important spaces that I do is my thoughts and my feelings things that are weighing heavy on my mind and just basically using it as a brain dump so I can think clearly and move on with the day so again all these things that I do in my morning routine whether it's for recovery for nutrition for mindset for Fitness for prayer for Faith you need to find what you enjoy doing best but I promise you when you find a morning routine that works for you it will be a moment that you look forward to will cherish it and you won't want to miss that time of the day because it's how you set your day up for success and so I hope you enjoyed this video I hope you find it useful and beneficial for your morning routine let me know in the comments below what you do in your morning or if you're going to start implementing some of these habits or if you already do so but thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @YasmineBoukeltoum [1 likes]: I really liked your morning routine Such a productive day
  2. @moonalissw [1 likes]: Muslims time intresting and useful I am muslims
  3. @DiarSastro [1 likes]: ❤ I have atomic habits book too
  4. @MdYasinArfat-ry1jg [1 likes]: Alhamdulillah I'm proud of islam ❤

I'm from Bangladesh
  5. @jeanwalker6776: Love this ❤ new to your channel my morning are my me time, I fit it sets out my day ❤
  6. @AbdulAbdul-gi7we: I love the point about journaling being a brain dump to help you think clearly. It’s such a simple yet effective way to protect your mental energy and set a positive intention for the day
  7. @Monremede: Salam just a question what is the pirpose of the hijab for you all sister ou wearing slim and hijab outfit
  8. @ftthjnjjss: I like thise 🇵🇸 area
  9. @nishas6110: Show off
  10. @laylanl12: We need morning routine 😭😭🙏🏻
  11. @НаргизШамшат: good
  12. @MmmHhh-j5w: What is the pdcst she is listening to ??????!!!!!!!
  13. @MmmHhh-j5w: What is the podcast she is listening to ???
  14. @Sewing_girl1: Whenever I feel distracted,I come back to this video.idk why but I just love her vibe and lifestyle.She’s living the life I always pray for,calm and productive💗💗💗 I’ve just started my journey.Thank you so much,I’m really grateful💗🫶🏻
  15. @alshimasalah1813: ❤❤
  16. @ShureybYuusuf: Masha allah tabarakalah🎉
  17. @Волчицаночи-ю1г: Интересно
  18. @affanahmedmohammed: Hejab🎉
  19. @assu1982: سگ برینه تو اون چفیه ت
  20. @Ibrahimshahvlogs: Clean

- Simple and Soul Nourishing Morning Routine ☀️: Kind: captions Language: en so it took me a really long time to figure&nbsp; out a morning routine that works for me&nbsp;&nbsp; and honestly it's constantly changing&nbsp; depending on my needs and my wants at that time if it's the weekend i'd like&nbsp; to take my time to go through a&nbsp;&nbsp; full routine maybe go for a run or even do&nbsp; a relaxing face mask but on days like this&nbsp;&nbsp; i want to get the day started while still&nbsp; taking my time to set the right intentions it's so true that how we start our day really&nbsp; sets the tone for the rest of the day so i&nbsp;&nbsp; try to fill my mornings with things i love&nbsp; and little simple joys as soon as i wake up&nbsp;&nbsp; i try to open all the windows and&nbsp; let the morning light shine through something so uplifting about getting fresh&nbsp; air and seeing the sun first thing in the&nbsp;&nbsp; morning similar to how our bodies thrive&nbsp; with nutritious food this nourishes my soul there's a passage from the book goodbye things&nbsp; that really resonated with me the author fumio&nbsp;&nbsp; sasaki said near my old apartment there was&nbsp; a ginko tree that loomed over the sidewalk&nbsp;&nbsp; each morning i would see a middle-aged&nbsp; neighbor busy sweeping away the fallen leaves&nbsp;&nbsp; and wonder how she could stand doing that day&nbsp; after day the leaves were falling all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; anyway so why didn't she just take care of the&nbsp; sweeping once a week or even every other day&nbsp;&nbsp; that had been the old me now i can understand how&nbsp; the woman must have felt it wasn't the falling&nbsp;&nbsp; leaves that she had been tidying up it was her&nbsp; own laziness that she had been sweeping away this deeply resonated with me because in the&nbsp; past i would also try to take shortcuts or try&nbsp;&nbsp; to limit my responsibilities as much as possible&nbsp; but now i realize that there is so much meaning&nbsp;&nbsp; in the act of taking care of the things around&nbsp; us because the things we do on a day-to-day basis&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter how seemingly small is what&nbsp; defines who we are and who we are becoming planning out my day always helps me to&nbsp; start the day with clear expectations&nbsp;&nbsp; what i'm gonna cook for dinner what i'm&nbsp; gonna pick up from the grocery store&nbsp;&nbsp; who i need to get back to what needs to&nbsp; get done i've not only been planning out my&nbsp;&nbsp; responsibilities but scheduling in some time for&nbsp; fun too there are just more things on my plate&nbsp;&nbsp; nowadays and it's so easy to get carried away with&nbsp; the must-dos and the to do's i still struggle with&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to balance this but i noticed that setting&nbsp; my intentions in the right place goes a long way speaking of having a little bit of fun i've&nbsp; been switching up our walking routes lately&nbsp;&nbsp; usually i'll take the dogs to a nearby park&nbsp; but since the weather is getting warmer&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm scouting for empty beaches where i can&nbsp; let my dogs run around and just be free kona boy my brown dog still&nbsp; isn't a big fan of the water yet&nbsp;&nbsp; but lily my white dog loves jumping in and cooling&nbsp; yourself off it's just the cutest thing these dogs&nbsp;&nbsp; fill my day with so much love and sometimes it can&nbsp; get chaotic but i wouldn't have it any other way oh some mornings i feel like putting on&nbsp; my shoes and running as far as i can&nbsp;&nbsp; and other mornings i don't feel like working&nbsp; out at all i've been listening to what my&nbsp;&nbsp; body wants and needs and just honoring that&nbsp; today i'm doing a quick 15 minute leg and&nbsp;&nbsp; glutes workout and you guys know i work out&nbsp; mostly from home so i try to save different&nbsp;&nbsp; workouts that i like to a playlist so i can&nbsp; pick them on rotation depending on my mood&nbsp;&nbsp; some are quick and low impact which is perfect&nbsp; for lazy mornings like this and some are really&nbsp;&nbsp; intense for when i really want to sweat it is&nbsp; so hard to find the motivation sometimes but&nbsp;&nbsp; afterwards my body feels so light and i feel so&nbsp; clear-headed and this is a huge incentive for me how we get ready for the day is how&nbsp; we decide to show up to the world&nbsp;&nbsp; in those days i'm just at home but&nbsp; nevertheless i've been showing up for myself and like everything else i've&nbsp; simplified this into a simple few steps&nbsp;&nbsp; sunscreen which is a must for me drawing in my&nbsp; eyebrows which is equally as important then i'd&nbsp;&nbsp; curl my lashes with a few coats of mascara as&nbsp; for my hair a few curls to frame the face and&nbsp;&nbsp; add a little bit of volume this routine is simple&nbsp; enough for me to do it in less than 10 minutes&nbsp;&nbsp; and i think i look decent enough to step out of&nbsp; the house without having to avoid my neighbors my breakfast or should i say lunch is quite simple&nbsp; as well i have somehow become one of those people&nbsp;&nbsp; who don't get sick of eating the same thing&nbsp; every day and oatmeal is my go-to it's quick&nbsp;&nbsp; filling and kind of comforting i like to pre-wash&nbsp; the berries to save a little bit more time and add&nbsp;&nbsp; whatever topping i have available usually some&nbsp; walnuts pumpkin seeds or some goji berries yum my mornings don't always look like this&nbsp; but i just wanted to show an example&nbsp;&nbsp; of what a simple morning routine can look&nbsp; like if anything i hope it gave you guys&nbsp;&nbsp; some good ideas on how you can create kind of a&nbsp; routine for you that can set you up for success&nbsp;&nbsp; and a day filled with so much love and meaning you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MalamaLife [150 likes]: What's ONE thing you do for yourself in your morning routine?
  2. @lostinmydreams4561 [2 likes]: I find it interesting that in this video, you spent most of it taking care of your plants and you pets, not yourself. I think you show up to the world as someone who wants to care for others and put them first
  3. @EmilieSugar [1 likes]: What is your camera ?
  4. @TheHomenursing [1 likes]: Nice vidio thank you.
  5. @Icouldtotallymakethat: Love, love, loves this. Very inspiring. Thank you for sharing!! Also! Obsessed with the set you’re wearing at the beginning! Where did you find?!
  6. @AbdulHm-r2n: A joy to watch.
  7. @BolaOladipo-i1m: Such a pleasant surprise.
  8. @thuy-z2m: Your personality shines through.
  9. @vandanagawde7584: You showed an ACTUAL morning routine. Thanke you so much for being honest with us😊😊❤❤ please keep sharing like this ❤❤❤ lot's of Love form India ❤❤❤❤❤
  10. @SophieDaly-v2p: You are beautiful ❤️ you don't need to avoid anyone without makeup on. Hope you learn that someday ❤
  11. @yogawithive: Lovely video 🙏😌
  12. @TC-ps7uz: Thank you
  13. @dianalozoya3064: Thank you for sharing. I struggle with alexithymia and I’m learning how to identify what I feel in my body. This was really inspiring and felt good to watch!
  14. @cookbookcrazy: This is exactly what I was looking for!
  15. @ariadnab1695: Hi amazing! so relaxing 🥰 I have a doubt what you put to the plants is water from the rice? 🤗
  16. @malaksameh-w3r: اللهم بارك اللهم ادخلهم في دينك
  17. @vishakha-i8m: ❤
  18. @lauren-lash: This is such a nice gentle morning routine! I also tend to tidy up and do some yoga in the morning. Thanks for sharing- super calming and tranquil :)
  19. @lostinmydreams4561: I'm realizing that our morning and night routines say a lot about ourselves
  20. @oober3690: What a lovely and gently inspiring video. Thank you.

- From Drained To Disciplined - The Routine That Changed Everything | Weekly Fitness Vlog: Kind: captions Language: en Every Monday I swore I would start fresh and by Wednesday I was already burnt out. The truth is motivation never saved me. But what did a romanticized morning ritual so simple it almost feels silly. But it turned my chaotic mornings into the calst part of my day. And once I saw that, I realized that discipline isn't about trying. It's not about trying hard at all. It's about building something you cannot fail at. A couple years ago, I was in a really dark place. Depression had me in a deep hole mentally, emotionally, and physically. Dishes would pile up and my skin definitely reflected how little I cared about myself. And the weight of even the simple tasks felt unbearable. I stopped seeing the point of trying. And the deeper I let things slide, the deeper I fell into that hole. And even now, I still have moments where those feelings would just creep back in. But the difference now is that I'm in a healthier state of mind. And I have the small habits that I've built that helps me fight back. Discipline became less about fixing myself and more about just caring about myself. Even on the days I just don't feel like it. The shift happened when I stopped waiting for motivation. Because motivation is temporary. It shows up when you feel good, when life feels light. But what about the days it doesn't? When you feel low and motivation isn't there. And that's when I realized motivation isn't about forcing yourself. It's about creating little anchors that just keep you steady no matter how you feel. For me, that started with my mornings. I wanted to romanticize them. I wanted them to feel romanticized. I wanted to feel calm and have my mornings be more intentional because the first choice that you make each day sets the tone for everything else that follows. Now, instead of reaching for my phone the second I wake up, I give myself space. I make coffee. I spend time with God. I sit in the quiet. Sometimes I journal. Sometimes I just sit there, breathe, and let my thoughts land on paper. It's not about being productive in the moment. It's about starting the day with peace instead of chaos. Avoiding social media first thing in the morning changed everything for me. Before my mornings were hijacked by other people's lives, comparison, distraction, stress. Now those first few minutes belong to me. And because of that, the rest of my day feel more grounded, like I'm actually leading instead of reacting. The other shift was learning to rely on systems, not moods. If I waited to feel like it, working out or eating well, or even doing my skin care, I'd be stuck. But if I set up systems, laying out gym clothes the night before, meal prepping so I don't have to decide what to eat, scheduling my workouts like appointments. Discipline became automatic. It wasn't about being superhuman. It was about removing as many decisions as possible so I can just just show up. The funny thing is once I stopped chasing motivation and started trusting my system, I actually felt more free. My days stopped being constant mental negotiations of should I, shouldn't I, and became simple rhythms that made me feel proud of myself. Here's the part I think most people get wrong about discipline. It's not about perfection. You're going to slip. You're going to have days where you skip the gym or just eat the things you should not eat. That doesn't erase discipline. What matters is how fast you reset. For me, the most disciplined thing I ever learned was forgiving myself and doing that quickly and just moving forward. That mindset saved me because discipline isn't about being flawless. It's about being resilient. And the deeper I got into this, the more I realized discipline is tied to identity. When I thought of myself as someone trying to be disciplined, it always felt fragile. But when I started saying I am disciplined, I am a disciplined woman, it became a part of me. every small choice, making the bed, putting on moisturizer after of course doing my skin care, cooking instead of ordering out was proof of that identity. And that proof that proof built trust within myself. So if you're in a place where discipline just feels impossible, I want you to know this. It doesn't start with motivation and it does not start with changing everything overnight because that's just doesn't make sense. It starts with the tiniest choices that you repeat until they become who you are. For me, that meant protecting my mornings, building systems, forgiving myself fast, and anchoring discipline to selfrespect instead of punishment. And little by little that turned into peace, balance, and a version of myself I can be so proud of. If this resonates with you, you are in the right place. This is the kind of honest conversations I'll be having here. So, if you're ready to build your own version of discipline, calm, sustainable, and rooted in selfrespect, join me, cuz we're going to do this together. >> So, don't you dare feel alone. The hard part is over. Waking up early. We nourished our mind, our spirit, our body with that amazing breakfast. And now it's time to go to the gym and show up for ourself. In the gym, that is where the discipline really shows. That is where you get to practice it even more. When I'm training in the gym, I like to remind myself that my goal is not perfection. My goal is to practice consistency and become more consistent. You know, because training in the gym is hard. Training is very hard. But if you keep showing up regardless of the difficulties, you've already won. So, let's get ready and let's go hit the gym. We got glutes today. [Music] Three. Four. Five. Six. 7. One. One Come on. Wow. [Applause] Huh? Oh, hey baby. Hey, hey, hey. Hey. Oh. All right. Set number three. Oh, these hurt like hell. We got this. Let's You got this. You got this. Yes. All right, let's do this. 2. 3. 4. Seven. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. Let's go. Think about One, two, 3, four, We have one more. One more set. Oh, watch. Oh my Two, three. Eight. Nine. 10. Come on. All right, the machine that I need over there for my iso is being used. So, let's just use this to finish the workout. Going to do it one more time and then we're done. Hold on. Happy. Babes, when I was cooking the pasta, I got completely distracted cuz I'm like also recording and cleaning. at the same time just doing a whole bunch of stuff. I got I I kind of forgot that I was cooking pasta and I completely overcooked it. Like it's so mushy. Like it's Anyway, thankfully I had some leftover uh white rice which you guys saw me use. So that's what happened. I know I showed me making the pasta. I did not want to take that part out cuz you know that's that's what happened in reality. I just Yeah. But um I can't believe I did that. But anyway, um I will see you guys for next week's video. I really hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, please give me a thumbs up and of course comment. I love interacting with you guys. And um yeah, if you're not subscribed, please subscribe. If you don't want to subscribe, it's okay. Thank you for watching anyway. But if you are subscribed, you know who loves you, me. All right, please be safe out there, okay? And yeah, bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @callmeuche [88 likes]: You can find the recipe in the bio now, I forgot to update it before! Thank you all for all of your sweet comments, see you next Monday!!
  2. @susannestieglitz7707 [1 likes]: Can’t tell you how amazingly refreshing it is to hear the struggle somehow so much more encouraging than watching other people work out that make it look so easy and fun and natural.
  3. @dariousmarshall2838: 🔥.
  4. @M.universe888: beautifull how you made this ❤
  5. @ericbluhm1213: You're a breath of fresh air. Perfect form during your workout  and so motivated. Love how organized your are with meal prep. Swoon ❤
  6. @thebrosmemesyt5428: Love your channel xx
  7. @mateusdeassis3217: Somos uma cópia do criador, tudo e possível desde que buscamos.
Normal da estória no cearenses,.
O mulher chibata.
  8. @RachaelJoanMusic: Thank you Uche, real life grounded discipline without the fluff. Watching you is so motivating, go get it girl! To everyone out there it’s the small steps that add up to big results, don’t give up! The things you do in private get celebrated in public. Keep going, THIS matters in so many ways 🎉
  9. @LocsAndRasta: Are you still including the bring raw creatine hcl in your supplement stack?
  10. @HealingwithPorciaMann: I LOVE the way you film your vlogs✍🏾✍🏾✍🏾
  11. @thayssaguimaraes: This amazing!!! I needed this video specially today!!! Thank you!
  12. @nainoisia: do you have a regular job (9-5) or you have all day to choose what you will do?
  13. @CameronDavis-y9c: 🫡
  14. @nelayaam8544: thank you!!! it's so hard to find on Youtube videos about discipline that aren't made by a man (white cis usually), I just can't relate to them at all and always failed in the end... I had to look real hard to find something actually genuine, not some "be the scariest person in the room" typa sh... THANK YOU!!!!!
  15. @ana.wellnessreal: Necesitaba escuchar esto❤
  16. @KarimuNgajua: YOUR VIDEO IS SO AMAIZING. THIS IS THE ONE OF THE BEST DISCPLINE LESSONS I EVER SEEN. THANKS SO MUCH:eyes-pink-heart-shape:
  17. @Thareaaalcoco: Beautiful inside & out 💝 loving your content, thank you for the motivation 🙏🏿
  18. @LeliT-w3y: Beautiful work Uche..
  19. @Olimp-Motivation_History: from drained to disciplined is actually a nervous system shift, not a mindset one. chronic depletion keeps you in sympathetic overdrive - fight or flight burns resources faster than rest can replace them. when your body feels safe, discipline gets easier. you cannot hustle your way out of dysregulation
  20. @Chantellesellshouses: How do I do this with a child 😅

- Winter Morning Routine 2025: Healthy Habits, Hormone Balance & Cozy Vibes: Kind: captions Language: en day after day I want you baby night after night I need good morning and welcome to my current winter morning routine around this time of year I usually wake up around 6:30 7ish I wish it was a little easier to get out of bed but in the winter I feel the slow mornings it's always a little harder to get out of bed it is crazy to me that years ago I had a very different morning routine in my New York days I would wake up at 5:00 a.m. go to extreme hit classes skip on breakfast have coffee and I was wonder why my hormones were out of balance over the past years I've implemented so many little habits that truly set me up for a good day help me balance my hormones and make me feel good and energized throughout the day so first thing I rinsed my face with cold water and then I put a light moisturizer on I do my full skincare routine later but when I rinse with water my skin is a little dry so I need to put a moisturizer on in the morning and then I brush my teeth I also like to put on some warm clothing because it is a little bit chilly then I'm going to add my deep pu under eye eye mask I recently got these and these are matcha eye masks I mean how un brand they have like caffeine in it and they're amazing I feel it really really helps and then hydration is absolute key for me first thing in the morning I drink tons of water because then it's already done I don't need to remind myself later this is also the time I am grabbing half of my supplements I want to show you what I'm currently taking but of course this doesn't mean that you should take these I recently did Blood workup panel and there are a few things I could balance more with the right supplements I'm taking my probiotics vitamin B complex um NAC milk tisle for liver and a few other supplements for gut health and stress and then it's time for my morning matcha my favorite time of the morning I love starting my morning with matcha instead of coffee it has made such a huge difference on my cortisol levels I run quite fast on stress and the amino acids in matcha like Aline give you more of that calm and Zen feeling and this combined with the caffeine IM Macha gives you that longer and sustainable energy I love adding some froth of milk I usually use the brand MK because it doesn't have any additives and sometimes I add a little bit of maple syrup if I'm craving a little bit of sweetener so I just have my bowl and I like whisk it up and down and it gets nice and frothy honestly it makes a big difference whisking your matcha with a bamboo Mist because you can see it has more of that fra layer on top and you don't have any chunks in it I mean look at this fluffy cup of matcha like this is my comfort in the morning like I can skip or start a morning without I also like to put a little playlist on if Max is not at home he's actually out of town with katsu so I have the little morning for myself recently I also got a comment on YouTube saying how pretentious people on YouTube were with their clean home and stupid Journal but to be honest those are part of my non-negotiables in the morning I am not a perfect person I am messy in my bedroom my clothes can be everywhere but one thing I know when I want to wake up in the morning and have a good start of my day is when my place is clean and organized I also love writing in my journal as it really helped to manage my anxiety and become more in my feminine by writing through my emotions and thoughts I don't know if that really makes sense I usually answer these three questions number one what am I deeply grateful for today and by adding the word deeply it really forces me every day to go deeper and write things down that I am truly grateful for and the things that I have and I feel so appreciated of number two is what do I want to make a peri prity today so that could be getting outside and getting some fresh air or getting movement in or maybe it's a task for work and then number three what quality do I want to show the world today or embody and I feel this is something like leadership or patience or kindness and just by doing that in the morning you remind yourself on practicing this every day it only takes a few minutes but it has become one of my favorite habits over the year then I get ready to put on my workout outfit and fill up my bottle of [Music] water okay the workout clothes are on which means I'm going to get ready for my workout I prefer to work out in the morning because I like to get it over with and I feel if I try to do it in the afternoon it's just like not happening and I also feel like actually feel more energized throughout the day when I do it in the morning so I'm going to do that right now I'm actually doing the 30-day signature program from Soul sink body right now so we're doing a mix between strength and pilates and today's Pilates day which I'm really excited about because I was on my period this weekend and I need to get back into it I love Pilates cuz I can just roll out my mat and do it here so I have that ready also so cute we have on the new app like a new habit tracking to drink more water because I feel like there are a couple foundational things and small tweaks you can make into your routine that are just absolutely fundamental for your health one of them is sleep drinking enough water like being hydrated and then movement I feel are so important and I feel drinking water can sometimes be a little bit hard because I don't know water is boring I'm such a beverage girl like I love my IC coffee I love my matcha I love a little sparkling drink like you can see me always walking around with a little beverage and I actually want to thank water drop for sponsoring today's video you have seen me using water drop I feel quite for a while now because I absolutely love it they have little drops I'm going to show you these actually I have more let need to grab them they are a little electrolytes hydration and a little natural flavoring which I really like because I like a subel taste to my water I make a really big bottle in the morning and then I also make a really big bottle in the afternoon that I just have next to me while I'm working or behind my desk they have tons of different flavors they have like passion fruit they have Peach Ginger and the natural flavoring come from natural fruit and plant extracts without all the garbage so I'm going to grab one of these little drops they're also really easy to travel with I used them a lot when I was in Miami honestly Max is on a souls and body journey and I have also been giving these drops to him so if you're trying to have your kids drink more water or like less sugary drinks or your partner like I love these or even happy SE in the office so you just pop in a little drop and then you just close it wait for a second shake it a little bit they gave me a code to share with the community you can use codes son of 15 for 15% off they are available in the United States and also in Europe so I'll link all the information down below but I absolutely love these okay it's time to work out and I can't sing okay let's do it today I'm doing a 45 minute full body sculpt I love mixing gym workouts for strength with Pilates at home it's the perfect balance for my body I love adding some light hand weights and then the ankle weights these are actually pretty heavy they're 2 lb and they really give that extra resistance which helps me build my muscle and if you're curious I'll link my workout program down below then next it is time for a quick shower I am not washing my hair today I've gotten so much better about spacing my washes and my hair is finally getting longer I'll share an updated routine in another video first then my skincare routine is simple but very effective with just five products I start with a facial mist and then I apply a hydrating hyaluronic serum everyone needs a good hyaluronic serum I truly believe that and then after that I use a brightening serum from tatcha Harper this really helps with pigmentation and it has vitamin C so we love that followed by a c alga based moisturizer this is a clean it's vegan it's from OA I love this brand I also use their cleanser and then I finished with the summer Friday Sun screen and my skin has never felt better for makeup I keep it pretty light I use Ilia serum Foundation I would say this is a light to medium coverage which I personally like so I like to see my skin underneath it then I add some concealer a touch of bronzer and blush from skin by Ella and then for my hair I add a heat protectant and then this one is from gizo and I used my trusty old curling iron not Soo long ago Lauren looked at this and she was like laughing at it she was like wow this is so old like where does this come from and I'm like well it still works I also still can't decide if I like a middle or side part better what do you guys think I keep on Switching and then finally it's time for breakfast my favorite meal of the day I never skip it because it keeps my blood sugar steady and it sets me up for the day even though my fridge was looking a little sparse after weekend away I think I pulled together something delicious and nourishing with what I had had some eggs cottage cheese sourdough bread sliced cucumber Dell pepper and fresh berries my breakfast formula is pretty simple I have at least 20 gram of protein fiber and then a bonus points for colorful ingredients I feel healthy eating doesn't have to be complicated it's just all about creativity and planning ahead if I had to me prep something I would do something like egg muffins or I would do like a smoothie or something and then by the time I'm ready it's usually around 8:30 and 99: and then I will go into work at home or go to the office or I am on set and truly even setting your alarm 30 minutes earlier you can be able to squeeze in so many tiny little habits that will really comound over time and make such a difference now it's a different story if you have kids I would say but I am still in my no kid era and I just get to enjoy my mornings and do my routines I hope you enjoy this glimpse into my winter morning routine don't forget to subscribe and turn on notifications for more videos I post on a weekly basis I will see you in the next video and comment down below what is your favorite habit or ritual in your morning routine

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tien-y3c [2 likes]: Actually, this is literally a lifesaver.  Diabetes can surprise you and stuff like this keeps one step ahead.  We appreciate it.
  2. @kiraaanpz [1 likes]: Thank you for this video. I really needed this reminder today. 🙏
I’ve always tried to stay true to myself, but sometimes I feel unseen, like my authenticity goes unnoticed. This spoke to my heart.
Reading “Woman He Can’t Unsee” by Kayla Dravert helped me reconnect with the truth that real strength comes from within.
To anyone feeling the same — stay strong. The right people will see you. ❤
  3. @MayangelA100 [1 likes]: For every girl reading this, try to find the forbidden book Woman He Can't Unsee by Kayla Dravert, I swear it will change your life.
  4. @KMugz-f1d: Spoiler naah 😂😂😂
  5. @marielleliana: Your apartment is wow
  6. @raisdorra8922: I am in Paris, it’s 8 am and it’s still dark outside🤦‍♀️
  7. @AdventureswithLila-r7t: Girl,you are so pretty❤
  8. @AdventureswithLila-r7t: Journaling is my favorite
  9. @greschll: Восхитительно спасибо Вам
  10. @yasmeenkaram9780: You take supplements for your gut health But! You drink tap water? lol
  11. @theonipolykandriti5902: can you also provide the Greek translation, please?" 🇬🇷♥️♥️♥️
  12. @bayasroblox8558: Jesus loves us Have Faith in Him for He is God and God is Coming very soon ❤
  13. @idnvc: You’re so beautiful 💗
  14. @Nuratiqahmarch: ❤
  15. @slyth3rinprincess: This was the perfect blend of wellness and coziness ❄🕯 Loved how you focused on hormone health and intentional habits—it felt so grounding and refreshing. Definitely inspired me to slow down and be more mindful with my winter mornings! 💛🌿
  16. @ChanduKhokher: There’s a part of my story I’ve never shared, but I think it’s time. I used to believe that my worth was measured by how much I could do for others. I was the friend who was always available, the partner who never complained, the employee who stayed late without recognition. And yet, no matter how much I gave, I always felt empty – like I was pouring from a cup that was forever running dry. Late one night, while scrolling through endless videos that didn’t make me feel any better, I stumbled on a quiet comment about The Silent Feminine Power by Lana Cressel. It wasn’t loud, it wasn’t trying to sell me anything – it felt like a quiet truth being passed between women who’d figured something out. I ordered the book without thinking much of it. What unfolded as I read was unlike anything I’d experienced. It wasn’t about becoming someone new – it was about stripping away everything that wasn’t me. I started to see how much I’d been conditioned to believe that my value was tied to my usefulness. I realized how often I’d silenced my own voice to keep the peace, how much of my energy I’d wasted on trying to be “enough” for everyone else. Slowly, I began to reclaim myself. I stopped over-explaining. I started saying no. I found a quiet strength in my own presence, and suddenly, the world responded differently. Friends asked for my opinion more. My partner started treating me like an equal, not because I demanded it, but because I finally believed I deserved it. Even strangers seemed to sense something had shifted.
  17. @gul3413: İ missed you 😢❤
  18. @simplyellenxo95: Love watching the routinely videos....
  19. @LazyFitLifestyle: Thank you for sharing, it is very inspiring and motivating to me. Wow, the  morning light in is amazing.
  20. @WayneWhittaker-m8p8i: hope you enjoy the summer

- this NIGHT ROUTINE will *change your LIFE* | self care, wellness, healthy habits, overnight glow up: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Hello. I just got home. It's currently 7:33. I think it's a perfect time to start our night routine. I take my night time routine very seriously. It's not just taking a shower and then hopping into bed. Like, there's an art to perfecting a good nighttime routine. You know that you have a good nighttime routine when you wake up feeling better, not only physically, but also mentally. We're going to go over self-care, how to unwind so that you can actually get a good night's rest and basically glow up overnight. We've got lots to do, so let's get the ball rolling. >> [music] >> To start, I always like to get the vibes right. I like to create a little cozy ambiance in my room. I'm going to put my bag down. I literally started filming right when I got home. I turn all of the lamps on that I have in my room. I swear that lamps are just so much vibe. No white lighting. I love yellow lighting. Like yellow warm dim lighting really just calms [music] me down. We are not turning on our overhead lights. This is when I also like to light my candle. I have a candle warmer. You guys get yourself a candle warmer. Basically, I'll light it and then I'll go do my everything shower, my self-care, and when I come back, my room smells so [music] delicious. And then this is also when I like to play some music. Sometimes I'll do podcast, but I love some calming jazz and Bosnova. I feel like that really [music] just helps prep me for bed. I also take this time and put my phone on do not disturb because I don't want to be disturbed during my whole nighttime routine. I [music] think it's also so important to make a conscious effort of just not being on your phone a couple hours before bed. I'm honestly not great at this, but I'm trying to be better at not being on my phone as much. So, we're putting her on do not disturb [music] and not going on social media. I know that you guys also probably struggle with the same thing, but when you're scrolling in bed at night, you are not letting your brain rest. And when you start doom [music] scrolling, honestly, it's like over with. Now, it's time for the fun part. Let's head to the bathroom and go do our everything shower. I have had such a long day. I'm honestly so excited to get this everything shower started. The number one thing that we have to do is get this makeup off. I can't stand [music] having this makeup on any longer. So, to take off our makeup, we have to double cleanse. I just feel like my skin is not clean if I don't double cleanse. I think taking off your makeup sometimes, especially on the days where you're feeling really tired, can be a burden. But I don't like to think of it that way. Everything that I do in my night time routine, I want to be very intentional. I want to kind of just like romanticize taking care of yourself. I'm going to open up my little skin care cabinet so I can kind of show you guys what I like to use. First up in double cleansing, we want to go in with an oil cleanser. This is a Bioance cleansing oil. I really love this one. I just go in with a few pumps, massage this kind of like all around my face in circular motions. Make sure your face is dry, by the way. Don't do it when your face or your hands are wet. After just kind of go in and melt all the makeup, then I go in with a little bit of water and I emulsify the product. And then step two is using a foam cleanser. Let me go grab it. I love this one down. This one's a Mono Pure and Deep Cleansing Foam. This one makes my skin feel so squeaky clean. This is unreal. Trust and believe. Okay, my face is squeaky clean. The only thing that I use makeup wipes for is pretty much just my eyelids because I have like [music] DIY clusters. Pretty much just my eyelids because I have on DIY clusters and I just did the set today. So, I want to just make sure they last as long as possible. I swear by these Face Shop makeup wipes. These are the most gentle makeup wipes that you'll ever probably use. And now that my face is clean, I like to go in and brush my teeth before I hop in the shower. Oral hygiene is so important and it's very correlated to mental health. That doesn't just mean brushing my teeth. That also means flossing. I've been using this toothpaste that I'm obsessed with. Not only is it so cute, [music] like the packaging, I'm dying. I think this is a Korean brand. I'm honestly not sure. I got this in Korea, but they probably also sell it on Amazon. This is a Euthimal whitening toothpaste. Super super minty. I usually just use my crust, which I love my crust, but low key, I feel like this is kind of like a step up. Always use an electric toothbrush. Mine is from Phillips. Get that sucker in there. Brush for at least 2 minutes and then go in with floss. Some people like using water pickers because they're easier, but when I had a water picker, I don't know why I never really used it. I have an electric flosser and I do really like using that, but sometimes I just like using a traditional pick. Really up to you guys, but just make sure that you brush and you flo You guys know the drill. But whenever it comes to a slick back bun, a lot of gel and wax is used, which is why my hair looks like this. I'm going to use this clarify purifier. This is just from the rootless. You basically just want to kind of like apply it all throughout your scalp. I really like this one because you can apply it on dry hair. A lot of the other ones that I have, you have to have your hair wet. And then I'm just going to kind of massage it into my scalp. I'm using one of these. I think this is like a hair detangler, but I also find that this is pretty good when it comes to like massaging scalp. In the meantime, I'm going to kind of share with you guys everything that I use in my everything shower. We're going to first start with hair products. I have never heard this brand before, but I started using it recently, and I'm obsessed with this shampoo. This is the Cloud Weightless Nourishing Shampoo. I really like it because when it says weightless, it actually means weightless. There is nothing more that bothers me when a shampoo is so thick and heavy that I [music] feel like even after rinsing my hair for like 30 minutes, for some reason, when my hair is dry, I can still feel the shampoo residue. I do not like that at all. I feel like the shampoo really cleans my scalp nicely and it doesn't leave any weird residue and the smell is honestly really nice. I have so much shampoo and conditioner, you guys. I somehow always go back to the L'Oreal Glossing Ever Pure line. I've been pairing this shampoo with this conditioner and I've honestly been really liking it. I feel like it leaves my hair really soft and silky. If I do want a little hair mask moment, I've been using this one from Jiu. Smells delicious. Honestly, smells exactly like their oil. Their oil is also so good. If you guys haven't used it before, I'll just kind of put this on, wait maybe like 5 minutes, and then rinse this off. Once again, I have so many body washes. For some reason, I always go back to Ivory. This Ivory body wash smells so good. I want to say it smells like like a baby. I will just kind of take this on like a body scrubber, scrub my whole body down. If I want something a little bit more scented, like a warmer vanilla scent, then I go in with this salt hair. It smells super good. Honestly, I think a lot of body washes are kind of like the same. Personally, for me, it's kind of all about scent. And then I finish off with shower oil. We have the triedand-true Loxyon shower oil. Has the classic almond scent. I find that this one is like very buttery on the skin. Absolutely obsessed with this one. I have gone through I don't even [music] know how many of these. Genuinely, anything Lockxy Tone, you can't go wrong. Also love my Sod Janeiro shower oil down. This is a 59 fragrance. And if you know, you know. This smells so good. Smells like the body spray, smells like the body butter. And the reason why we use shower oils is because they're very hydrating. Unfortunately, winter is here. The weather's getting cold. My skin is getting dry as hell. So, anything that moisturizes and hydrates the skin, [music] please sign me up. It's been about 15 minutes. I'm going to hop in the shower, use all the products I just talked about, and I'll be back. Okay, guys. I'm out of the shower. I feel so clean. By the way, look at how cute this robe is. How adorable. It says it's Baby K. I also forgot to mention before I dry down, I use this Kylar. This is their vanilla verb in shower body oil balm. You want to put this on before you dry down and your skin's still wet. Your skin is going to feel so smooth after this. Okay, guys. We're feeling good. We're feeling clean. Now, we need to change into a good pair of pajamas. People don't believe me when I say that pajamas are worth splurging your money on. Honestly, it's fine. I'm trying to put you guys on. This one is probably my favorite pair that I own. It's from the brand called Egie. A Burgie. It's a very lightweight and stretchy material. Kind of reminds me of Skim. I will say Target pajamas also has a very similar material and feel. And ever since I've upgraded my pajamas and stopped wearing just like raggedy t-shirts to, I literally sleep better at night. Like look at how cute this is. I honestly kind of wish you guys could feel this material through the screen. It's [music] so soft. I also cannot stand being extremely hot and sweaty at night and I just feel like this is like the perfect material. Okay, while we're talking about how important pajamas are because they'll improve your sleep quality. Girl, the bed that you sleep on is the most important. I'm just going to be so for real with you guys. I need to upgrade my bedding. I do love her, but I've had her for years and there's like stains that I can't remove my pillows. Don't even get me started. I need new pillows so bad. I am so excited, you guys. Quint came to my rescue. She's a linen pipe duvet cover set in white. And I got two new pillows from Quinc. Thank you, Quint, for partnering with me. I love you guys down. Everything that I've ever got from Quint, I have loved. My mom has Quint's bedding. She loves them. Okay, guys. Let's go set her up. Had to put my hair up for this. I swear changing bedding is like a workout sometimes. I genuinely love everything from Quins cuz I feel like you're getting designer quality pieces but not for designer prices. And everything is also sustainable, which I love. Like I found out that this bedding is 100% European flax, which is basically a lot more sustainable and less resource intensive to grow, which I love that. Finally saying bye to these raggedy pillows. I'm not lying when I say I bought that one for $3. So, the pillows that I got from Quins are premium down alternative pillows. She's very, very fluffy. Guys, these genuinely feel like a hotel pillow. Oh my god, I'm going to get such good sleep today. Quinc has so much more stuff than just HomeGoods like bedding. They have clothing. They have travel items and accessories. Definitely check them out. Go to the link in my description. You'll get free shipping and 365day returns. Okay, obsessed is an understatement. My bed feels so comfy right now. Now, these pillows, you guys, these genuinely feel like hotel pillows. That's what I'm talking about. Best purchase of the year. Take this as a sign to invest in good [music] bed. I'm not going to lie, you guys. I am so tired. Like, I want to go to bed. But girl, we got to fix this up cuz what is going on here? Obviously, I'm going to be doing my overnight curls. So many of my friends recently have been asking how I do my overnight curls. So, hopefully this is going to help them. After I wash my hair, if my hair is still really wet, then I'll go in with a blowd dryer. But, I would say she's around like 90% dry, so we're good. I just went in with a Kerous Fortifying Serum. You are kind of supposed to put this on towel dry hair, but this stuff smells so good. I just work it into my scalp. So, I feel like I've talked a lot about how to do overnight curls, and if you've never tried them, take this as a sign because this will change your life. There's different kinds you can use. They have like the shorter rods. For some reason, I cannot get those to stay on my head for the life of me. So, I always go with the trusty. I honestly don't even know what these are called, but it's just like a really long piece of like rod with like foam in it. Part your hair in the middle. I like to take a claw clip, clip your hair into place. So, I take a small strand over under the next strand I take from the very back. Add it to my front piece. Go over again. Because we just took a piece from the back, now we take a piece from the front. And then we go over and under. Since we took a piece from the front, now we take a piece from the back. And then we go over under. And then you basically just want to do that same thing until you reach the very end. If this seems confusing at first, don't worry. Like, I feel like once you do it a few times, you really get the hang of it. This is so fast and easy. This will be curling your hair in the morning by like hours. You can sleep in. You don't have to wake up early. Okay, wait. That was the last piece. And then once you get to your last piece, you just want to keep on twirling it around the rod until you get to the very bottom. Take a little scrunchie and then just secure it. And then I like to just take it and then push it all the way up. Now I'm going to do the same thing on the other side and I'll come back. Now that we have both sides done, I'm going to take the back and then I'm basically just going to make a loose knot kind of like this. And then I like to take a little scrunchie and then just secure it so it doesn't fall out when I sleep. And then if you ever feel like it's a little bit too tight right here, you can just loosen it up a little. For my skincare, these are the products that I've been heavily using and always rotating. I genuinely cannot sleep well if I feel like I didn't do my nighttime skincare routine right. There's no better feeling in my opinion than going to bed feeling like a glazed donut because once you wake up in the morning, your skin will have already absorbed all the skincare and you're going to be thankful that you spent the time last night. Do your skincare. Starting with the Biom Milky Hydrating Toner. I feel like I've talked about this toner so many times. I'm going to go in with my newa PDRN serum. If you don't know, PDRN is derived from salmon. Such a great ingredient. Let me know if I should make more skincare videos for you guys on here. I post a lot of skincare on my [music] Tik Tok and Instagram. To be honest, yes, I'm a makeup girl, but I'm also so passionate about skincare. Now, I'm going in with the Anua aelic acid. Don't want to use a lot of this stuff. This just really helps with redness. Like, if you use a lot of this off the rip, your skin might freak out. Glow Recipe Pear Mucin prickly pear peptide mucin. I feel like snail mucin is very popular, but this is kind of like the vegan version. As you can see, it's very, very thick. You really do have to just like get over the smell of this stuff. In my opinion, this smells like straight up grass. But I can just fully get over it because I'm obsessed with the way that it makes my skin look. Some of the Anua PDRN cream kind of on my cheeks and then on my forehead. Let's just take a second to appreciate this glow. Do not skip out on your skincare, you guys. No matter how tired I am, I will do my skincare. This is a Belief Aqua Balm Eye Gel. It's kind of just like a little mini massage for your eye. And then sometimes I just like to sit here and just like massage the skincare into my face. I have lost a substantial amount of brow hair. So I've been using this Grande brow serum. This is pricey. I'm not going to lie. But I will say that it actually does work. If you can believe it had less brow hair than this, especially at the end. Like I just don't even know where the ends of my brows went, but I feel like it's grown back a lot. Okay, this looks so insane. But I also recently got this the body. This is called their Thera face mask, and it's basically like LED red light therapy. That's so cool. Okay, so there's different modes. Let me explain. So, the red really helps with wrinkles and the blue really helps for like inflammatory acne. [music] I look freaking You guys, can you even hear me? I've been trying to be consistent and using this every day for like 9 minutes. Sources say that it really makes a big difference to your skin. That noise that you hear, it's like actually massaging my face with the red light. Oh my god, I feel like I look like Iron Man right now. I will literally just have this on and just like lay in bed. So, I'll just have this on for like 9 minutes while I lather lotion like from chin to my toes. I have been trying really hard to keep up with reading books before bed. I promise you guys, doom scrolling is not it. Like, close those apps, put your phone on do not disturb. Without fail, every time that I'm on my phone before bed, I never sleep good. Like, I don't get REM deep sleep. And reading really helps reduce stress. It calms your mind and also creates just like [music] a relaxing overall vibe. And it kind of just preps your brain to be like, "Oh, okay. We're going to go to bed soon." I just started reading the book Tuesdays with my apparently. It's like heart-wrenching. And I'm also about to start the book Conversations in Love. I love the epigraph of this book. I'm just going to read it to you guys. Stories we set up late to hear our love story. It seems that we cannot know enough about this riddle of our lives. We go back and forth to the same scenes, the same words, trying to scrape out the meaning. Nothing could be more familiar than love. Nothing else eludes us so completely. How beautiful is that not so much better than watching Tik Tok dances at night, guys. At least I think so. But anyways, I would highly recommend either reading a book or listening to some sort of audio book, even podcast. But sometimes I think podcasts can be a little bit overstimulating depending on what you're listening to. Sometimes at night I'll also take a lei purr or a letmie sleep. I honestly don't take let me sleep that often. You guys these gummies taste so good. Leummy purr is a probiotic so you can take it twice a day but I try not to take let me sleep because it is a melatonin. I only use it when I'm really desperate. Loxuton pillow mist. I think it's like lavender like bergamant types of like essential oils. You just spray it on your pillow but I honestly kind of spray it like everywhere on my bed. Literally, if you can't tell, I do anything to get me into like the most relaxing energy ever before I have to like close my eyes. Which, by the way, this leads to the best purchase I've ever made in my entire life. If you have one thing that you should put on your Christmas gift list, it has to be the Hatch alarm clock. You can customize like an entire sleep schedule. So, I'll have it read bedtime stories/meditations to me and then it goes into basically like 8 hours of straight white noise. And you can kind of pick what you want your like white noise to be. Like it can be like rain splatters, like nature sound. You can also pick like whatever stories or like meditations you want them to read, which by the way, during this entire time I have red light going on. [music] Red light basically helps you relax even more and it supports melatonin, which basically means your sleep quality just is so much better. And you'll see once I wake up in the morning, it wakes me up really gently. I'm going to show you guys what it's like when I wake up. But basically, the light will turn on and then you can set your alarm to literally anything that you want. Mine is a little Sex in the City moment. But anyway, guys, now it's finally time to close our eyes and go to bed. I know, I know that was a lot of work. I know that night routines can be long, but I promise you guys, you're setting yourself up for success. You're going to have such an amazing sleep. And okay, I'll see you in the morning. Good morning. Do you guys like my alarm? Cuz I'm [music] honestly obsessed with it. It's giving very New York, very let's get up, let's get dressed and get our day started. To be honest, I do kind of take a second and just zone out. Like you can see here, I'm never one of those people that wake up immediately and is like, I'm going to go on a 5 mile run. Like, no, I need a second. But I will eventually always get up and I'll feel amazing cuz I did my nighttime routine. And I do want to take the time to kind of just reflect on why we do a nighttime routine. Kind of just like the deeper meaning behind it to me at least. I don't know if you've ever heard the quote to give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift. I've been thinking about this quote a lot. I actually found it through Allison Wong. I don't know if you've seen her TikToks. I love that. But this quote just always reminds me that giving my best isn't always about just working harder. It's also about caring for myself. I feel like with my nighttime routine, it's like the one promise that I keep to myself daily. Taking off my makeup, staying consistent with skincare, doing the little rituals. And I just feel like all of it is me choosing to not sacrifice my own potential. And it's me giving my best back to myself. I feel like we spend all day giving our best to work, to people, or whatever we're trying to get done. And sometimes by the time the day ends, I feel like I've given myself every last bit of energy that I That's why nighttime has become so important for me. It's the one part of my day where I feel [music] like things finally get to slow down. And going back to that quote, I used to think that it only really applied to working hard, but the more that I really think about it, we are the gift. Our [music] energy, our skin, our peace, and if we don't take care of ourselves, then I just feel like we can't give our best to anything else. So, when I go and do my nighttime routine, I feel like I'm recharged so that tomorrow's version of me actually has something to give. I think the concept is so simple, but it honestly makes such a big difference. Another [clears throat] quote that I really love is to love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance. I think about this quote so often, especially when I'm doing my self-care routines. I feel like I used to really rush through self-care, whether it's waking up late and then having to like rush to get ready or just not even really doing my self-care routine when it comes to night because I'm just so tired. I'm like, "Oh, it's just easier for me to go to bed without like properly washing my face. I'm just going to use [music] a makeup." And now it is like a non-negotiable for me because if I'm really supposed to love myself, it starts with all these little things like doing your skincare, doing an everything shower, these things are so important. And [music] it's giving myself attention the same way that I give it to everyone else. Sometimes I think all of this sounds so corny, but honestly, who cares? Like look, loving yourself is a lifelong romance. And this is just my version of showing up for it. Every [music] night doing my routine and giving myself a little bit of love before bed. And hey, you guys see me. I mean, I'm up. I'm getting my makeup done. I swear when I do my full night routine, I wake up feeling so much more refreshed, like a more upgraded version of myself. My skin's glowing, my mood's better, and everything just hits different. But I really hope this video helps you guys out. Let me know if there's anything that you do in your night time routine that you think would help others. Once again, I love you guys so much, and I'll see you next week. Bye. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Itsbabykelz [86 likes]: upgrade your home + closet with Quince! <3 Go to Quince.com/itsbabykelz for free shipping on your next order and 365-day returns ✨
  2. @Imjusta_girllllll [2 likes]: Okay with the overnight curls part I don’t recommend sleeping with the claw clip because sometimes if you like moving around the bed just like me like I cannot stay still when I sleep or if you have something at the back of you and you like sleeping like the wall by the wall you could bang your head against the wall with the claw clip or while you’re rolling it could like you could bump your head with the claw clip and it could go into your skull so I don’t really recommend using the clock clip while you sleep(but still the overnight curls part really helped for me)❤
  3. @kayhammond6384 [1 likes]: I'm no hair expert so  is baby oil good for your hair
  4. @izz_glowy_girl [1 likes]: Awww you're more pretty when get un ready ☺️✨
  5. @ANASMRSSS [1 likes]: your video setup is insane in your video episodes✨, big W
  6. @raisinsxx [1 likes]: Salmon what? 10:51
  7. @SammiSaint: Ok this was so cute and relaxing
  8. @AleciaKillings-r1h: What do you to edit your videos
  9. @SophieAdriaens: here is my night routine:
eat dinner
finish any homework 
shower (shampoo, hairmask, facewash, bodywash)
skincare ( moistriser, lip balm, acne treatment)
watch netflix ( I'm watching S.W.A.T. right now)
brush teeth + mouthwash
floss 
wear my rubber bands ( for my braces)
lip balm ( again) 
put my hair in a bonnet
plan next day
read 
and thats it
  10. @ThinejaYuvanesan: Post more night routines!
  11. @soubhagyabitt-u8c: My night time routine 

Sleep sometimes even brush my teeth
  12. @hortensesenaya2960: You look pretty without makeup too
  13. @MelodyMaddox-l1k: Wow
  14. @cherieemmanuelle: I love that you emphasize brushing and flossing!
  15. @Evelyns13diva: Ok so when I do my curls my hair at the back goes sooo frizzy and bad anyone got any tips
  16. @LiaDev-v4p: I
  17. @LiaDev-v4p: I
  18. @LiaDev-v4p: I love how she always include her mom❤
  19. @esha.341: you look absolutely gorgeous without makeup your skin is glowinggg , I think light makeup suits you best...like more natural colors...
  20. @briannahmiller48: Just got conversations on love for my Kindle, I am excited to read, thanks for sharing!

- The Million Dollar Morning Routine: 6 Steps to a Solid Morning Routine | The Mel Robbins Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en foreign we're going to talk about the topic of morning routines and I love my morning routine so much I call it the million dollar morning yes it will set your day up for Success yes it is the first Domino to fall but over time what I have found to be really interesting about your morning routine is it makes you more of you and I'm going to warn you this is not a sexy topic okay so let me help you figure out what a million dollar warning looks like okay number one hey it's your friend Mel and welcome to a million dollar episode of the Mel Robbins podcast I'm already laughing because I love that idea that this is a million dollar episode of the Mel Robbins podcast and let me tell you something it sure as hell is because what we're going to talk about today not only helps me feel like a million bucks most days but it also gives me the structure confidence and Foundation to make millions of dollars every year and if your friend Mel Robbins can go from 800 Grand in debt just 14 years ago to slaying it in business as a self-taught entrepreneur you better damn well believe you can too and for those of you that are brand new I just want to say welcome I'm Mel I'm a New York Times best-selling author I'm one of the most trusted experts in the world on Behavior change and motivation and I got my expertise the hard way by screwing up my own life and career and so what I'm going to teach today is really The Sweet Spot of why I do anything that I do and it's because I believe there are simple things that you can do that'll help you create a better life whatever a better life means to you and so today we're going to talk about the topic of morning routines and I love my morning routine so much I call it the million dollar morning because it is in fact the morning routine that makes me feel like a million bucks it gives me laser focus it helps me make progress and it is the structure and Foundation upon which I chip away at my goals and I stay consistent and I have built the business and continue to build the business that I have built and I'm getting a lot of questions about that and so I decided we need to talk about morning routines now you know if you're a big fan of the podcast then you know that we have already done an entire episode about the one hack that I use to make this incredible routine stick right it's like super important hack and that hack in case you're brand new is that your morning routine Begins the night before because your evening routine and how you wind down the day the simple series of things that you do every single evening it's either going to make your mornings harder or easier and so after you listen to this if you have not listened to that episode make sure you do because it really is sort of a companion to this it doesn't matter which order you listen to them in but you need to bookend this change and so today we're going to focus on the components of a million dollar morning routine and these are all based on research and the thing I want you to think about is this I really believe in something called behavioral activation therapy and said very simply behavioral activation therapy is the concept that if you want to change if you want to be a better you just start acting like the person that you want to be in the future right now in your today-to-day life that the actions that you take today are what will turn you into the person that you want to become and look I know you have a vision for yourself there is a version of you that you hold in your heart and in your mind that you see that is a better version of the person than you are right now the you that has a better more fulfilling job or career the you that is truly enjoying a deeper Connection in your relationship or marriage the you that has better eating habits better physical habits the you that really is experiencing a better connection to the meaning and purpose in your life that life that you envision you're capable of achieving it you can do the work to make that version of yourself a reality but it's not going to happen out of thin air you gotta put in the work and I personally believe that that work begins first thing in the morning that every single morning you can wake up and experience a clean slate you can wake up and you can create a morning routine not that the you right now likes but the morning routine that the future you needs and the bottom line is whether you consider yourself to be a morning person or not a morning routine is essential a morning routine is like the first Domino let's just agree that every single day of your life you wake up and you have the opportunity to create a new experience in your life and that first series of decisions that you make which are basically your morning routine it's like the beginning Domino that falls and if your morning routine sucks like my morning routine used to suck the first Domino that falls in your day is procrastination stress anxiety depression suckiness and that tends to trigger a whole lot more of that now let's talk about the other option have you ever had a morning where you rolled out of bed because you had to be somewhere you actually met a friend at the gym and the exercise class was not only not that bad it was kind of fun and you felt really energized and proud of yourself for going and you were set up for the meeting that you had you were prepared what's it like when that Domino Falls it feels good doesn't it it makes you feel confident and alive and proud of yourself it kind of creates this energy and this Motion in your life and that brings me to a simple statement the solution to almost all the problems is your morning routine if you were to get serious about creating a morning routine that makes you feel like a million bucks that sets you up with the structure and momentum and Positive Choices that act like a domino that send you into your day feeling like you have started the day off with a bang checking the right boxes getting it done feeling proud putting yourself first imagine how the rest of your day flows you see how you set your day up is how it ends up say it again how you set your day up is how it ends up and if you are serious about making more money or making change stick or getting things done or just feeling happier or finally learning how to put yourself on the list let's get laser focused on your because when you get laser focused on your morning routine and setting yourself up for Success from the get-go it's pretty amazing What flows from there and so before we get into the components of my million dollar morning I want to tell you about the Old Mill And for those of you that listen to the episode that we did about how to create an evening routine that truly sets you up for success in the morning you have heard part of this but the old melt was a complete flipping disaster I don't even recognize the sad sack of a human being that I used to be I was addicted to my excuses I was addicted to my alcohol at night I was addicted to feeling miserable and to complaining about my problems in fact you want to know the first decision I made every single day for years decades in fact the very first decision that the old Mel Robbins used to make I'd hit the snooze button now let's just stop and unpack that okay you wake up the alarm goes off the sun is out you have a brand new day in front of you there are people around the world that died in the middle of their sleep last night they didn't get another day but you my friend you got another day and instead of waking up getting up making the most of the next 24 hours of your life you know what the old Mel Robbins used to do hey hitting the snooze button is procrastination in its biggest form but you're not procrastinating on a paper you're not procrastinating on a project you're not procrastinating on a caller you're procrastinating on your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] life you're basically going the first decision I'm going to make today in this miraculous thing called to not do it I'm just gonna avoid it all together I have the option to make the most of this time I have the option to put myself first I have the option to move my body to practice mindfulness to go outside and listen to the birds but you know what I think I'm going to do I think I'm going to procrastinate I think I'm going to avoid it I think I'm Gonna Roll Over I think I'm going to just opt out and for me I can now see that since the first decision I made was to avoid doing what I needed to do it's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] obvious why I was a chronic procrastinator because I began every day like that and as you hit the snooze button and you avoid facing your life and you avoid facing the day you're not feeling confident you're not feeling energized you're not feeling in control and empowered you are basically embodying your excuses your fears your anxiety your frustration your fatigue it all begins with the decision you make first thing in the morning I believe that and the reason why I'm being overly dramatic about this is because one of my biggest problems in life is that I avoided the hard stuff I had a million reasons why I couldn't fix things or get a new job or pay off my bills or why I couldn't make things better or why my husband was to blame and so if you're sick of your excuses if you're sick of snoozing on your dreams if you are sick and tired of letting procrastination and doubt and overthinking and anxiety run your life let's talk about your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] morning routine because let me tell you what the life of a chronic snooze button person looks like it begins in the morning you hit the snooze button four or five times that was me I'd stare at the ceiling think about my problem snooze snooze and the rest of the day guess what else I was doing snooze snooze on the problems avoiding the phone call I needed to make that's hitting the snooze button on that avoiding the networking I needed to do that's hitting the snooze button there avoiding the hard conversation I needed to have that's hitting the snooze button they're blowing off the gym another snooze button it's not just about how you wake up it's how you wake up how you set up the day that's how it ends up the snooze button that is just one example of the series of disastrous choices I would make for myself whether it was hitting the snooze button five or six times waking up late not giving myself enough time skipping breakfast never having time to exercise never being organized about anything it was just honestly a nightmare and I always say you are one decision away from a different life and one of the things that has changed my life is deciding that I didn't want to do that anymore that hitting the snooze button every single morning was not going to help me change my life so when I finally got serious about first getting out of bed and then secondly creating a small series of promises that I make and keep to myself every single morning it was a game changer before we get into the components of this simple morning routine that honest to goodness I mean it's been such a game changer for me is I also want to address something you're getting to know me and as somebody who has struggled with childhood trauma and anxiety I also have come to realize how profound of an act it can be sometimes to just get out of bed and I will share from personal experience with you that winning the battle first thing in the morning to not succumb to the feelings of anxiety to not let the heaviness of depression or overwhelm pin me to the bed learning how to just roll through a simple series of promises that create structure and momentum particularly on those mornings when I am not feeling it it's a game changer because there will be many mornings when you wake up where you're not going to be feeling it there are going to be lots of periods in your life where your anxiety May Spike or you're struggling with grief or depression and being able to come come back to this simple morning routine it's almost like a way to create guard rails on the road of your life that these are simple things that you know you can rely on so that you feel like yourself no matter what's going on within you or around you and when I start to think about my morning routine not in the lane of we're in the military or I'm a Navy SEAL or I'm training for a marathoner this is what billionaires do which is one of our most popular YouTube titles it's not even my title somebody took a bunch of my videos and mashed it up into something and was like the morning routine of billionaires but when you think more about your work your it's just a simple series of promises that make you you that no matter where you are no matter what you're going through that these simple series of promises are things that you do every day to start your day to take care of yourself to set yourself up to get the ball rolling to put yourself first to tap into your energy to boost your mood that these simple series of promises are going to create some simple discipline in your life that you can rely on that you know that you're the kind of person that if you say you're going to do it you do it that is the greater power in a morning routine yes it will set your day up for Success yes it is the first Domino to fall but over time what I have found to be really interesting about your morning routine is it makes you more of you and I'm going to warn you this is not a sexy topic okay morning routines are boring they are repetitive but that's good because this concept that I talk about simple discipline simple discipline simple promises this is the foundation to an incredible life because when you know that you can keep a promise to yourself your life opens up in ways that you can't even imagine because you know that you can count on yourself to do absolutely anything that you say you're going to do and so this concept of using a morning routine to create simple discipline in your life and to practice keeping simple promises to yourself it is a muscle that is going to pay dividends that are Priceless because it's the foundation of confidence and it's the foundation of resilience and it's going to help you tap into this power inside you and so let me help you figure out what a million dollar warning looks like okay here we go simple rules for a simple million dollar morning number one when the alarm rings get your ass out of bed look it's your friend Mel Aina there's a million reasons not to get out of bed but Mel it's 30 degrees it's dark it's raining it's cold it's depressing I got a lot going on I stayed up late I'm exhausted I'm hungover I'm tired my stress is through none of that matters the only thing that matters is do you keep the promises that you make to yourself and I know I'm getting philosophical here we were just talking about the alarm ringing you know what the alarm is that alarm when it goes off that is a promise that you made you set that alarm didn't you you set that alarm the night before and when that alarm goes off now it's time to keep the promise and how do you do that I'll tell you how do you do that you're going to use my five second rule the alarm is going to ring and you are going to count backwards five four three two one and then you're just going to roll out of bed that's it it's not sexy it's not fun I have been getting out of bed this way for 14 years and I still have to count backwards every single morning 54321 because I don't like getting out of bed I do not have the discipline to get out of bed if I have the choice any day of the week to lay in a warm cozy amazing bed with bamboo silky sheets and my husband's sleeping next to me or roll out of bed into the cold bedroom and start my day I will choose the warm bed every day of the week but that's not the conversation you and I are having are we we're not talking about Comfort we're talking about simple discipline we're talking about the promises that you need to start to make we're talking about doing things that are hard and uncomfortable why because you deserve to have the life that you want and sometimes feeling like a million bucks for the whole day means you gotta feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for about five seconds and that's what it's gonna take and this is also about keeping promises if you can't rely on yourself to get up when the alarm rings how the hell are you gonna rely on yourself to do the really hard stuff to have the hard conversation to blow off the party and work on your resume to get serious about your songwriting career or the second act that you want to create or finally meeting somebody who's not got so much childhood trauma that you're their therapist and not your lover if you can't roll out of bed simply because you said you would when the going gets really rough you're gonna bail on yourself which is why getting up when the alarm ring matters now there's a second reason why so the first reason is you're building a level of Integrity you're keeping that promise the second reason why I don't want you to sit there and lay in bed and I want you to get your ass out of bed when the alarm rings is because that's just between friends talk about what we're doing as we're laying there in bed uh we're looking at social media we're indulging our anxiety we're experiencing trauma triggers we are riding the wave of cortisol and stress hormones that are flooding through our brain and body We're bemoaning The Hangover we feel we're spinning negative thoughts about the day ahead or the stuff we didn't do or all the Regrets We have because we can't remember what happened last night that's what you're doing in bed let's be honest with each other is that what the new you wants to do of course not that's the other reason why when the alarm rings rule number one to the million dollar morning get your ass out of bed why because you're a winner and you got no time to lay in bed like a loser like Mel Robbins used to be and listen to that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and feel those awful feelings get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass out of bed and get on with your day and show your body whose boss and don't indulge that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your mind because the longer you listen to it the louder it's gonna get and look I get it some days it's really hard I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all that negative stuff is lying to you five four three two one shut it down and get your ass up because the fact is if you want a new life you're gonna have to fight for it if you want a million dollars in the bank and Financial Freedom you're gonna have to work for it this stuff isn't easy but it's simple but you have to do it so number one alarm rings ass out of bed and here's the final thing I want to talk about when it comes to this why are you doing this you're doing it for you you see I think for years and years and years you were getting out of bed for other people think about it when you were little when would you get up you would get up because Mom was yelling at you too or dad was yelling at you too you were getting up because you had to get to school or make the bus or get to work or you get out of bed because you got to get the kids up or you got to get your aging parents up that ends today today when that alarm rings it is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wake-up call ding ding ding your life is here and it's time for you to get up for you so tomorrow morning we're not waking up for somebody else we're not laying in bed and listening to that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because you get to make a choice you can choose to do what you've always done which means you're going to have what you've always had or you can make a choice to show up as the new you you can make a promise that you're gonna not only wake up you're gonna get up for yourself that you my friend are going to become the driver of your life and that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] story I'm not a morning person [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] morning people who cares this is not about whether or not you feel like it this is about you building the discipline because you deserve to because that's the kind of person that you are and let's also tell one more truth if I needed you you would get your ass out of bed for me if somebody that you loved needed you to set that alarm an hour earlier because they needed a ride to the airport or they needed somebody to go to a doctor's appointment or heck they just needed you to be there for them you would do it and so today starting today I want you to do it for yourself and if you can't do that then let me tell you the science okay you want to know the scientific reason why you should never hit the snooze button let me hit you with some Neuroscience here two words sleep inertia that's right sleep inertia when you hit the snooze button instead of getting your ass out of bed you mistakenly create a condition in your brain called Sleep inertia sleep inertia is a state that your brain gets trapped in for four hours after you hit the snooze button because here's what happens when you hit the snooze button when you hit the snooze button you're awake and as the alarm turns off your brain then drifts back into sleep and here's the thing that researchers have figured out when you drift back to sleep after you've woken up your brain starts a sleep cycle and sleep cycles take 75 to 90 minutes to complete so when that alarm goes off again in nine minutes and you're like oh my God like have you ever noticed you're like in deep sleep when you drift back to sleep that's because you're nine minutes in to a 75 minute sleep cycle that groggy exhausted heavy work feeling that you have when you hit the snooze button several times and you can't quite get awake and you complain that you didn't get a good night's sleep that's not a function of how well you slept that's you and me being an idiot for hitting the snooze button and putting our brain in a state of sleep inertia because when you hit the snooze button your brain is now freaking trapped in a sleep cycle and it takes your brain based on research about four hours to get through that groggy ass feeling so the most productive period of the day which is the first two hours after you wake up it's when your brain has the highest speed of processing it's when you're the most alert you just flushed the best two hours of brain power down the freaking toilet because you hit the snooze button why am I so passionate about this because I wasted years of my life doing this I was a chronic snooze button alarm hitter I was also a chronic all-nighter puller in college I was chronically late with deadlines this was prolific in my life I would always complain about not getting enough sleep the truth is I lived in a state of sleep inertia so take your power back whether you're inspired by the science because it's just kind of stupid to do this to yourself once you realize that this is what happens or you're inspired by this idea that wouldn't it be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome if instead of waking up feeling obligated to the rest of the world I took my life back and I started waking up for myself I started seizing the day I started seeing that alarm as more than alarm it is a wake-up call for the rest of my life so rule number one for a million dollar morning five four three two one get your ass out of bed because you my friend have a lot of cool stuff to do and that brings me to rule number two rule number two of the million dollar morning you ready because you deserve to feel like a million bucks you're gonna make your bed that's right make your bed why Mel why are you making your bed I'll tell you why you're making your bed because your morning routine is a series of dominoes that fall okay and so by seeing the alarm as a wake-up call to claim the day to keep the promise to be the future you the first Domino that falls is integrity and discipline how cool is that the second Domino that falls is making the bed which is about completing things see normally the old male would roll out a bed after hitting the snooze button and the bed would look like a tsunami hit it and then for the rest of the day whenever I walked into the bedroom you know what I saw something that was incomplete I saw a mess that needed to be made that I had left for myself to clean up and so one of the reasons why I love this simple habit as part of your morning routine always make your bed and I mean always if I am traveling for work and I'm staying in a hotel I make my bed even though you know somebody's going to come through and make it even nicer later I don't care why because your morning routine is a way for you to be you no matter where you are if I'm visiting my parents down in Florida or up in Michigan I make my bed why because I'm myself no matter where I am That's The Power of your morning routine this is about the promises you keep it's about the Rhythm in which you start your day and this is a habit about completing something isn't it awesome to think that you start your day by checking a box that you make your bed because you know it's a way to finish something and there are mornings not very often but there are mornings where Chris might still be sleeping maybe I got up a little earlier and he's sleeping in for whatever reason I just make my side of the bed I might even tuck in the sheet around them you know kind of tuck them in a little bit as a little lack of love but there's another reason why to do this and I love this framing of it too because making your bed is a way to give the future you a gift later on you're going to walk into this bedroom and you're going to lay down and you're going to dream and isn't it awesome to walk back into this bedroom tonight and there is a beautiful bed made for you a beautiful place for you to lay down tonight and dream a little gift from the morning you to the evening you to say you deserve this it's also a gift because if you walk back into your bedroom you've already taken care of it there's nothing to do there's no mess that's been left for you to clean up you have left this gift of getting it complete and that helps to build consistency and I also love it because it doesn't matter where you are you can do it wherever you are just amazing and that brings me to rule number three we're going to hit the pause button we're gonna hit a word from our sponsors I love our sponsors because they help me bring this show to you at zero cost and then I'm going to come back and we're going to talk about rule number three of your million dollar morning hey it's Mel and we're talking about a million dollar morning routine and you deserve that my friend so rule number one alarm rings it is a wake-up call your life is waiting get your ass out of bed you got stuff to do rule number two we're gonna make our bed because this is about a series of promises that create a positive Domino ripple effect to start your day and rule number three high five habit baby you gotta get in that bathroom after you brush your teeth and high five yourself in the mirror now I did a whole episode about this but I'm going to explain it for those of you that are brand new here's how we're gonna do this right after you brush your teeth and we're going to do it after you brush your teeth because this habit should be paired with something that you already do and you don't even think about that's called habit stacking and it's going to help you encode this habit which is a habit of encouragement a habit of optimism a habit of momentum and motivation a habit of self-love of self-confidence this is an incredible science-backed one-two punch that all comes down to Simply high-fiving yourself in the mirror so you brush your teeth you better brush your teeth I don't even have to say that as part of your morning routines because please do not go out into the world with dragon breath or yellow carpet on your teeth we're not doing that here in the Mel Robbins show all right I'm assuming that your million dollar morning includes scraping the crap off your teeth so when you're done flossing brushing rinsing spitting put the toothbrush down take a moment look the human being in the eyes you know who I want you to see I want you to see the future you I want you to see the million dollar you I want you to see all your hopes and dreams in the hands of the person in that mirror and I'll tell you something that person deserves your support that person needs your support and that person needs you to keep a simple promise every single day you're gonna start your day and your million dollar morning with a little huddle with yourself you're going to set an intention with yourself as you stand there after brushing your teeth this this is so grounded in research you got to get your mind right you're going to stand there and decide who am I going to be today is today a day about peace about freedom is it a day about momentum courage how am I going to show up today for myself who am I gonna be and then when you're ready just like a winning team does you are going to raise that hand and you're going to high five the future you in the mirror you are going to send yourself into the game of life knowing that no matter what happens today you're a winner you can do this you can still win you are gonna do your best you're gonna try you're gonna shake off the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that comes your way and you're going to get out there and you're going to make it a great day and the thing that I love about this and again I have covered the science in this in the episode that we released called the most important habit you can have this year the first episode we released in January of 2023 it is a game changer my husband is also on that episode and it's crazy emotional because he describes what happened to him when he added the high five Habit to his million dollar morning routine the Breakthrough that he experienced because you deserve to feel like a million bucks and you don't feel like a million bucks when you're beating the hell out of yourself and you don't feel like a million bucks when your dragon shame and regret and failure with you and the high five habit is the science-backed fast-tracked research-backed way to plow an entirely new neural pathway and relationship with yourself into your brain Body Mind and Spirit I'm so passionate about this but we spent a whole episode on it so just trust me when I tell you million dollar morning includes the high five habit you are going to add a high five in the mirror to your future self and set an intention as part of your morning routine alrighty Rule Number Four move your body and move your mind now I need to say something because I haven't said it yet and I forget to say this because I just think it's like something you need to do it's like so obvious and that is have you noticed what I haven't done yet I haven't looked at my phone and I want to be very clear about this you are to get your ass out of bed without looking at your phone you were to get your ass out of bed before you look at your phone you are supposed to make your bed and you are supposed to walk into the bathroom and wash your face and brush your teeth and do all that stuff and then do the high five habit and send the future you into the day after this awesome huddle and not look at your phone and I now want you to move your mind and your body without checking your texts and email why because the second you pick up that phone and you look at a text or an email you have now put the entire world in front of you I want you to stop and think about how many people follow you online even if it's just a couple hundred people on Facebook would you want them to walk into your every single morning no of course not would you want them to walk into the bathroom as you're standing there without underpants on brushing your teeth no then why on Earth are you letting them do that by looking at your phone because that's what you're and more importantly the second that you look at your phone you are giving your most important Resource as part of your million dollar morning which is your in attention and your intention and your energy to other people we gotta [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] conserve that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for yourself like your dreams your energy your focus your intention your attention you gotta fight to keep that yours and so yes you may listen to something as you move your body or you may listen to a guided meditation As you move your mind but do not under any circumstances look at your freaking texts or your email or you screw the whole thing up it goes from the million dollar morning to bankruptcy 101 because you just let everybody bankrupt your attention and bankrupt your energy and stress you the hell out before you gave yourself the time you're not going to find the rest of the day and this is so important because I know a lot of you like but I like to do it at the end of the day you can't count on that the only thing that you can count on is that first thing in the morning if you get up early enough you can put yourself first you can move your body and you can have a mindfulness practice before the rest of the world steps in and steals your time and energy and so get serious about this yes you can have a longer workout routine at night nobody's saying you can't do it twice I'm just advocating for something based on the research and Common Sense and so rule number four of the million dollar morning move your body and move your mind and I'm talking 10 minutes there's a brand new study that's been published in the journal of the American Medical Association that has found that just 10 minutes of power walking every day can add years to your and the best part is that walking is fast it is free and it is a way for you to achieve Better Health a better mood and even better sleep now what is a power walk walk like you're late that's all you need to do based on the research for 10 lousy minutes get outside with your dog your kids your spouse get out on the porch whatever you can do for 10 lousy minutes this is so important not only because 10 minutes of walking like you're late just briskly walking it not only adds years to your life it improves your mood mood impacts Focus all day and also if you can get outside first thing in the morning and bang these 10 minutes out by walking your dog or walking with your kids or walking around the yard or whatever it may be it resets your circadian rhythm when you see bright light or the outside first thing in the morning and based on Research that's one of the best ways for you to develop healthier sleep habits so 10 minutes physical exercise 10 minutes of a mindset practice whether you're journaling meditating praying listening to some sort of calming app writing out uh prompts related to mindset that you're trying to develop just move your mind move your body all you got to commit with the mind is literally a minute that's it you're done and bada bing bada boom you have put your mind and your body and your spirit first and don't look at the phone yet don't turn it on the TV yet don't check email yet because rule number five and this is what will make you a million dollars this is what will help you pay off a million dollars in debt it's called the progress principle the secret to getting big things done is making little progress every day you want to know how I have accomplished everything that I've accomplished I make little progress on things every day and so before you look at your phone before you look at email before you let the less the rest of the world in take five minutes and move the ball down the field on something that's important to you this comes from research out of Harvard Business School they call it the progress principle it is so simple people who feel like they've made progress on something that's important to them feel more fulfilled period it's not about getting things done it's about making progress on things that actually matter so whether that thing that matters is getting the photo album assembled for Mom and Dad's anniversary or it's getting the paperwork in for financial aid for the degree that you want to go get or making progress is clearing out the back bedroom now that your kids have moved on so that you have a place for the future you to really work on that new book you've been writing or maybe it's progress on something like I've been working on like launching a podcast slowly chipping away at learning about it studying it moving it down the field 5 10 15 minutes a day is all it takes because those little moves add up to Major change and that my friend is the million dollar morning it's really that simple it's based in profound research it checks all the boxes you can add anything you want to it but what I love about it is no matter where I am whether I'm home in southern Vermont or I'm visiting my parents or I'm visiting a friend or I'm sleeping on my daughter's couch in Southie or I am staying in a hotel this simple series of five promises it makes me feel like me it makes me know that no matter where I am and what's going on I know I can rely on me because every single day when that alarm rings I keep that promise to myself I wake up I roll out of bed I get started I get my ass out of bed I do not look at my phone I do not look at my emails I do not check my texts I do not look at social media I wouldn't dare do it because it's not part of my million dollar morning I then go and make the bed why because it makes me feel like a million bucks I'm just that kind of person you know and then I set the intention with the future Mel that's right [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we're gonna go get it today high five to that get out there let's go and that high five it wops it washes away the worry it jacks me up it makes me feel a little bit more like I'm up to something let's do this thing at 54. I feel kind of cool not gonna lie gotta make time to move my body and my mind 10 minutes you got 10 lousy minutes I still haven't looked at my my messages or my emails not gonna let it bankrupt me I am on a million dollar roll and then I gotta move the ball down the field that's it that's it that is it and I'm serious about this I want you to try this million dollar morning and I want to help you get started so if you want some help let me kick your ass well I'll actually just encourage you join my free five-day challenge I created this to help you put this into practice I say this all the time we're not just here for listening this is a doing podcast and so we created the no cost wake-up challenge for you go to melrobbins.com wake up start tomorrow tens of thousands of people have already completed it and in the challenge you learn more hacks tips science research all kinds of things that will not only motivate you it's going to help you become the future you that's what this is about and you know why we're doing this simple because I love you and I believe in you and I believe that you can do this you can create a morning routine that makes you feel like a million dollars you can keep a set of simple promises that helps you create the foundation to achieve your goals and trust me when I tell you it will be worth it alright I'll see you in the Wake Up Challenge and I will see you in a few days go do it I love you oh one more thing it's the legal language this podcast is presented solely for educational and entertainment purposes it is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a physician professional coach psychotherapist or other qualified professionals [Music] hey it's Mel thank you so much for being here if you enjoyed that video bye God please subscribe because I don't want you to miss a thing thank you so much for being here we've got so much amazing stuff coming thank you so much for sending this stuff to your friends and your family I love you we create these videos for you so make sure you subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @melrobbins [52 likes]: Hopefully this video will help you become a morning person! Make sure to subscribe for more videos like this.
  2. @merciditaTALANAY: God gives us sunshine every day, every morning day and on stronger days 💪

Be a fighter and a good person because if our heart is clean good intentions for everybody, more blessings and more healthy.❤👌🙏
  3. @merciditaTALANAY: Every day new day, a new life, and a more positive day🙏
Thanks god for everything 🙏🏻

Most importantly, we have good health good mined brain completely perfect👌
  4. @merciditaTALANAY: Be feel always billionaires every day double purpose 👌
It's free and full of peace of mind.🙏
  5. @KathyBrady-x4m: I am aware that saying the F word is the trendy way to express yourself and you hear it from everyone everywhere but to not say could set you apart. It would be classy and respectful of your audience.
  6. @karenrich9092: This was a great podcast because I have been triaging the items on my desk, so I can have a Million Dollar morning tomorrow.
  7. @dorothydisanto7601: Please refrain from using the " F " word, You are too classy for that!!!!!!!!!!❤
  8. @dorothydisanto7601: Hi Mel,
I just watched your beginning of Morning Routine but unfortunately had turn it since you used the " F"
Word which I find very offensive. 
Sorry.
  9. @cansozer7612: I love this old school Mel. Much more than the new Let Them Mel.
  10. @solazul404: I love this!  Blunt, bold, full of truths that aren’t sugarcoated doodoo ;)
  11. @SaraPerez-z9f: This clarified a lot for me.
  12. @GuyaMwyatra: This helped me a lot.
  13. @CaryNary: Very high quality explanation.
  14. @DilteraMuzko: Nicely put together video.
  15. @SouspbzQuallvi: What do you think they should do next?
  16. @SheritaMcDuffieMcDuffie: One of the best videos I’ve seen.
  17. @P.Pepsico: Nicely put together video.
  18. @Gjhh-w2c: Very helpful and informative.
  19. @ShahinKhanki: Very helpful step by step guide.
  20. @RebeccaRebecca-m1x: This was both clear and engaging.

- 5AM DAY IN MY LIFE 🌞| morning gym routine, healthy girl habits/mindset, decorating my apt. & more!: Kind: captions Language: en Happy birthday to you. It's giving it girl at 5:00 a.m. [Music] Good morning, you guys. Happy Tuesday. It's 5:00 a.m. Let's get ready for the day. So cold in my apartment right now. Like, I'm genuinely shivering. It's making getting up 10 times worse. Good morning, baby. Bed is so comfy right now. I don't want to get up, but we're going to count down from three. 3 2 1 Okay, we're up. We're up. We're up. We're up. Good morning, world. Want to go have your breakfast? Uh, no. You can't swat a baby. just jammed my pinky toe so bad. Oh my god, that is not the type of pain I want to feel right now. I literally just did a lap around my apartment to walk it off. You know that feeling? That's the worst. Anyways, hi guys. Welcome back to my YouTube channel. I thought I would take you guys along a little 5:00 a.m. morning in my life gym routine as well because you girls want to know how I wake up early to go to the gym. To be honest, I hear the alarm, I contemplate a little bit, I get under the covers, I shiver because my apartment is 65°. Like, I like to go to bed in an ice box. So, waking up is always hard. But once we hear the alarm, we're up. And we have quite a few things to do today. So, it's always better to just knock out the gym first thing. And also, I aim to get 10,000 steps a day. So, I love just getting a morning walk in the morning. It just like it just makes me feel so good having the sunshine hit your face. And it's just I don't know. It like really helps with my mental health. So, we're going to do that after the gym. But, we have push cardio or walk. I'm getting a little coffee. That is my tried and true morning routine. So, side note, do you see how long my hair is? My hair has never been this long since high school. I'm actually going to get it cut and potentially colored this Friday. I might be doing a gloss, like a I don't know if it's called a glaze or a gloss, but basically it's like this semi-permanent dye. And I potentially want to go a little bit darker and cut off the dead ends. What do you think? By the time you watch this, you'll figure out if I've done it or not. I might. We'll see. Okay, we're doing a little bit of makeup to put ourselves together and just get excited for the gym. I do this every morning. Nothing too crazy, but it again, it really does motivate us to get up and moving. I use the Glow Recipe Moisture Cream to just bring moisture to my face. This stuff smells so good and it makes my skin so glossy. Glossy. I mean, glossy. I just got on my hair. Also, what do we think about this new little makeup setup? I'm obsessed. The only thing that I'm missing is I guess a vanity light, but I feel like a vanity in here just gives the room a different vibe. Like, I love this antique looking mirror. So, I don't know. You can't really have the best of both worlds, but I feel like it looks fine, right? Feel like if I really need lighting, I could just use a ring light or something, but I like it. a little concealer to hide my dark circles from me being so tired right now. I like to use a Tower 28 in shade OC. Super lightweight. So, after the gym, I'm going to be getting some inspo for my apartment and decorating it. I know I told you guys in my last vlog that I'm feeling very inspired to just coify and decorate my apartment. It It just hit me literally the other day. It just hit me. I was like, I'm feeling uninspired in this place. Like, how can I feel uninspired in my dream apartment? And I looked around. I'm like, well, maybe it's because I actually didn't take time to decorate my my space really. I did the bare minimum. Like, every single wall in here doesn't have a single painting on it. And I'm not the best at interior design. So, we're going to be using some Chachi PT to help us decorate our apartment and at least get an inspo board going so I can start ordering stuff and I can start having this be a project. And I'm really excited for it because I feel like this makeup stand within itself has already given me so much motivation and inspiration. It's so crazy how like one simple thing can be like, "Oh my god, I'm so excited to do my makeup here. Oh my god, I'm so excited to look at this." Like I wake up this morning and I'm like, "Oh my god, this looks so cute. I'm obsessed with my room." And it's literally just a desk and a vanity. So, I can't wait to like hang some paintings on the wall and just really make this place feel like me. So, my friend is coming into town this weekend. I'm so excited. It was kind of last minute, but I'm so excited to see her. My friend Courtney, if you don't follow her, you should definitely go follow her and check her YouTube out because she's just she's just amazing. I love her so much. She's coming here for the weekend. We have a jam-packed weekend. We want to do so much. We're probably going to go to a hockey game. We're going to go to Disney World. And we're also going to well, she's going to help me decorate my apartment because she's like she's great at interior design or she just enjoys that. So, we're going to like cozify my apartment with her because one thing about me is I always need someone else's opinion. Because sometimes I could really gaslight myself into thinking that I like something and then I'm like, "Wait, I actually don't like this. This is weird, right?" And my friend will be like, "Yeah, that doesn't really look great." You know, I just like want to bounce ideas off of someone. So, I'm so excited for her to come. and that's the final makeup. Just some concealer, blush, little lip liner, and some brow gel so my brows don't go crazy when I start sweating on the stair master. I don't know what I should do with this hair. I don't know if I should just put it in a claw clip and call it a day or if I should slick it back. I don't know where any of my hair ties are. Like, I swear to God, I they're they just go missing. Like, I I used to have a pile of them and every single day, one of them goes missing and I can't find it. And now I'm up to none. Like, I have no hair ties. I don't know where they are. It's fine. Whatever. We're going to call it a day in this claw clip because yeah, it's just easy stuff away, period. My everyday gym scent is a Soul de Janeiro 62. If you haven't tried this, I don't know if you live under a rock because this is just the best. Every single day when I'm going to the gym, this is what I smell like. I realized I didn't even do a little gym. OOTT check. OOT TT O TT O T O TD. Oh my goodness. Okay, so this is the Honoractive Unified Zipup Jacket in sage green. And these are the unified flared pants also in sage green. I'm having a little bit of a matching moment. And I feel like it's it's giving a statement at 5:00 a.m. Like imagine me walking into the gym at 5:00 a.m. with my headphones. Yeah, it's giving statement. It's giving it girl at 5:00 a.m. Like you're probably like, "Who's that?" Hopefully it's my next boyfriend. Promix debloat first thing in the A.M. on an empty stomach. I love to take this because it really helps with my digestion throughout the day, gut health, and also bloating. I mean, not that I'm bloated right now because I just woke up, but I just take it more so for gut health purposes. That helps me feel less bloated throughout the day. But Code Brenda saves you at checkout. I love this stuff. It genuinely tastes so good. I get excited to drink it every single morning. Also, Ollie's officially 1 years old. Can you believe that my baby's one? He's 1 years old. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to Ali. Happy birthday to you. I love him so much. He's my soul cat. My soul baby. Excuse me. Oh, pawing me is crazy. This is an everyday struggle, but I actually don't know what floor I parked my car in. I found her, guys. I'm literally obsessed with my car. Like, look how gorgeous she is. Please. Wait, you guys actually need to hear the engine of this car. I don't think I've shown you or that you guys have heard it, but it sounds crazy every single time. I love it. Ready? Yeah, period. This song is literally hilar. [Applause] song is a banger. >> Not the right. The wrong Hey guys, it's Brenda. Just finished the gym. We're on our morning walk. Going to go get coffee. Going to get our 10K steps in. Can't tell you what coffee I'm going to get because I have a partnership with another coffee company and I rarely go to it. So, we're going to a new spot today and I'm so excited. Vlog coming out. YouTube has been great. Go to my website, click the link in my bio, like, subscribe, and see you guys later. I'm actually screaming. I'm watching back the clips that my friend took. So funny. Any single time that somebody takes my camera that doesn't do social media or content, they're always like, "What's up, YouTube?" I just think it's so funny. But we just went for a walk and got some coffee. I always just like going outside after the gym to get some steps in and enjoying this nice weather that Florida has because it's I think it's What's the weather? 73°. 73°. It's beautiful out. Got some coffee, had some good combos, and now we're headed home to shower and make some breakfast. I'm so excited for today because we are cozifying or starting to cozify my apartment. I am fully going into decorating mode. I'm going to be using ChachiBT to help me. I think I said this in the last vlog, but Chachi BT is so helpful for so many things, not even just, you know, AI venting, but you can literally put in your apartment and pictures in the chat and they can give you a full info board of what you should do with your space, how you should decorate it. So, I'm going to do that today and I'm really excited. I'm usually a shower than breakfast kind of girl, but today we're just going straight into breakfast because I am starving. We're going to be making my classic breakfast. Eggs, egg whites, potatoes, uh, avocado, and what else? I thought I had fruit, but I don't. So, that's it. I'm so excited. I love breakfast. Breakfast is literally my favorite meal of the day, and I just look forward to it. Anyway, I hope you're having a great day. What are we talking about today? Today, we're talking about a concept that can something that I've experienced and it's something that I can >> uh, Excuse me. Okay, I just took an everything shower and I feel fantastic. I have been using the Jizu Jizu, I don't even know how to pronounce it, shampoo and conditioner and I feel like it just leaves my hair silky soft. I love it. And my hair, like I said before, it's gotten so long. I'm obsessed because usually when it comes down to this length, I will just impulsively give myself a bob because I get sick of long hair. But this time around, I'm keeping the long hair and I really want to see how long it can get because I feel like it's a vibe. I'm also listening to a podcast from Ember Chamberlain. I think this is an old one. It's from 2021, but the title's called Success Kills Creativity. And I cannot relate more to this episode. But like everything that she says is exactly how I feel. And this is why I love listening to her because I feel like I relate to a lot of her feelings. Especially as someone who is creative and in the creative space posting on three platforms, Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube. It's hard. It really is hard. And I never want to like say it and come across like I'm complaining because I genuinely am so grateful and lucky to have this be my job. And I genuinely love it. But I think I've realized that the way that I get creativity is by having not a lot of pressure and I'm just able to create from a creative and free space versus being in a creative space with a lot of pressure. And I feel like I was in and under a lot of pressure after I achieved some big milestones like having my own Honoractive launch, you know, going on my solo trip that I've always dreamed about doing, getting my dream car. Like there were so many big things that happened in my life that I was just so happy and so proud of myself and so grateful for. But I kind of had a crash after that. I felt creatively burnt out and I felt a bit frustrated with myself like how could I feel this way? like I just achieved something that I have wanted and have had on my vision board for so long. So, I kind of felt a little low after that. And I also felt a little upset at myself for feeling that way. But my feelings are valid. Like we feel the way that we feel. But the best way that I got myself out of it and I finally am getting my spark back and I'm so happy that I'm here is just like taking time for yourself. Especially being someone that's in this creative space. Like it's so important for you to take time for yourself without filming, without scrolling, without doing anything like going outside, going for walks, and really just allowing your thoughts to wander. Because I feel like when we are on social media and we're constantly looking at what other people are doing, we're comparing and we're, you know, raising our cortisol levels because we are just thinking that we're not doing enough. And I have a very toxic trait of thinking that I'm never doing enough and that I should be doing more. So, I again have t taken time to reflect and I'm really proud of myself for doing this cuz old Brenda probably wouldn't have done that. I would have pushed through and would have completely dismissed these emotions. But I think I've learned now that that is more harm than good. And I want to love the type of content that I put out for you guys. I don't want to just throw content to just throw content out, you know? And I think that you guys have really picked up on it like these past few weeks. I got a few comments and they kind of got to me, but it was it was something that I needed to hear. But you guys were like, "Is everything okay? Like you just seem like you're not yourself and you know, I used to enjoy watching your videos, but this one was a bit different." And I mean, that's constructive criticism, right? Like I should be able to know if my energy levels are off. And obviously, I can't lie with my energy on camera. You know, I'm going to be the way that I am. So, I just reflected and realized that, you know, I need to take a step back before I take steps forward. And that was just really reflecting and resetting and being kind to myself because being in this creative space isn't easy. It's hard. I'm my biggest competitor. I'm always telling myself that I'm never doing enough or that I should be doing more. And I like to overwhelm myself because that's when I feel like I can continue to be more successful. But I'm just in the season of being nicer to myself. Like allowing myself to have slower days, allowing myself to just have days where I can really just think about the direction that I want to be in. Because before it was like go go go. I didn't even have time to think for myself. And now I do and I finally feel like I'm getting my spark back. And someone commented that on my last YouTube video and I got so happy because I genuinely feel like I'm getting my spark back and I'm just so happy to be here. But I wanted to share this not to complain about what I do, but just to, you know, let you know that I also struggle with things as well. I know that this job could seem very glitz and glamorous, but it definitely has its, you know, cons. Another one being I am constantly alone. I don't have co-workers. I don't have colleagues. Like I don't really have a lot of social interaction at all aside from the people that I see at the gym. And it kind of like it also hit me that was something else that was combined with my creative burnout. I just felt very isolated. And I told myself that I needed to make a better effort of hanging out with friends and making plans and doing things outside of my apartment because I typically was just staying here all day and not doing anything. Well, working but not leaving my apartment because when I'm here in my apartment, I'm filming, I'm editing, I'm creating a voiceover. So, it's better for me to just be in this apartment. But I realized that not every day needs to be that. You know, some days could be me going outside and going for a beach day or going for a walk or doing some computer work at a coffee shop and like really making that a non-negotiable. I always say this, but I never follow through with it because my apartment is my comfort zone and it's just so easy for me to get work done here, but it also has its cons where yeah, I feel isolated. Another thing is like I'm very hard on my content. I always want to make sure that I'm loving everything that I'm putting out, but it's hard to be your own judge. Like it's literally just me and my inner critic being like m I don't love this. I don't like this. I don't like that. Like what could I be doing better? Where when you're in a job, you can have your boss be like, "You should be doing this better. You should be doing that." Or like you have a mentor. I don't have a mentor. I'm just kind of like doing what I do and obviously seeing how it goes. But at the same time, I always, you know, like I take my job seriously. I want to make sure that I am inspiring you and being my best self. And obviously not perfect cuz I'm not perfect at all. But I just want to be a place where you guys can really get inspo from and motivation from. And I feel like that sometimes puts pressure on me to feel like I need to be 100% all the time when in reality that's not the case. Like I'm not a robot. And I'm happy that I'm even being open and telling you guys this now on YouTube because before I would just like sweep it under the rug and put on a smile and not really talk about my feelings. But we are changing and we are turning a leaf. I want to be more open on YouTube. I want to talk to you guys about my struggles. I want to talk to you guys more about everything that I'm going through because we are one big happy family. And I just want you guys to also feel less alone and not just look at me and be like, "Oh my god, she has everything. She has everything put together." Because let me tell you, girl, I'm just winging it, too. I really am. Anyways, that was a very long spiel. I'm just doing my makeup right now. And then I'm going to answer some messages from my manager before we start coififying our apartment. Come up with a more creative idea. You can always work harder, you know, or work smarter, whatever it may be. You can always get better in any capacity. And that's a really beautiful thing. Hi guys, let's run through a full day of eating where I'm focused on wellness and hitting my protein goals. I've been super intentional about what I'm putting in my body because I want clean, high quality food with no weird additives or hormones. >> Okay, it's now time to coify or attempt. I'm not an expert, but this is why we're using ChachiBT, but coifying my apartment. I just took a bunch of pictures around here. I think let's be realistic. Let's just start with my room because I don't know how I'm going to get all these rooms done in this video. It's definitely going to be a process. So, I took pictures of my bedroom, of what should be on top of my bed, what should be on top of my dresser, any other decor that I can maybe put in the corners. So, I'm texting ChateBT right now the picture of my bedroom and seeing what they suggest. So basically I saw this on Tik Tok saying help me design my room and how I can decorate it with wall wall art wall paintings wall art slashpaintings. I like a clean minimalistic look but cozy. Have everything match with the aesthetic I have going on now. Hopefully that makes sense. Feel like chat never never fails. I'll always just like text chat and say make this better. Like what should I do here? You know what I mean? So it's helping. So right now it's just giving me like what I should do. But I'm going to tell them to make an AI image. Okay. So here is the tea. I went on ChachiBT and I had them design a few images. I'm not like fully obsessed, but at least it gives me an idea of what I might want to do with my space. So, for my bedroom, this is what it showed me. It's so crazy how realistic it is. But basically, what I'm going to take from this is trying to find three paintings above my bed, or at least one big one. Maybe a um plant in the corner and this little basket. I also like these little pots and plants right next to my dresser. I think literally finding the perfect paintings above my bed, like three of them or one big one, is going to make a huge difference in the space. And then for my living room, I'm open to like rearranging it a little bit. So potentially moving my mirror to another side and potentially putting an accent chair there. So this is what Chachi BT gave me. I'll also probably put it on the screen so you guys can see it a bit better, but basically having an accent chair by my door and then having that lamp there with a little table painting and then my plant in the little basket there. I feel like I kind of get an idea of where everything could go. So yeah, I also just want to see what the store has so then I can, you know, maybe make some changes, but at least I have an idea of the vibe that I'm trying to go for. So fingers crossed that it goes as planned because if I don't find anything, I'm going to be really upset. I think this could look really cute in the kitchen. Okay, this one's actually really cute. I feel like this above my bed. I know it's really neutral and beige, but I think that this is the vibe that I'm going for. That's insane. So, I think I want an accent chair in my living room. And I don't know if this one would look cute in the corner. See, this is where I need a friend or someone with me because I don't know if that's cute or if it's ugly. Like, I think it's cute. I don't know. Okay, I'm out of HomeGoods. I'm not going to lie. But that place overstimulates me. There's so much going on in there. Literally, the most random pieces of decor you can find is in HomeGoods. And one of my biggest pet peeves is the aisles are so narrow. So, like you have all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your cart and you can't even go through the aisles. It's crazy. It's madness. It is madness. But, um, I didn't end up getting the chair just because I feel like I could find one better on Wayfair. Like, Wayfair has such good things. That's where I got my vanity and my mirror. And I feel like I wouldn't have found it here. And I don't want to settle for something that I could find here when I can find better online. We did get a few things. I got a table. I got some baskets. I got some paintings as well. probably am not going to hang that up today just because it's heavy and I don't know. I'm going to have to like hire someone or have someone help me hang it up. But this is progress. This is progress. In the next vlog, you guys will will see all about that. But I'm really excited to just decorate my apartment and have it be feeling more like me. And I actually like that it's happening slowly because I feel like when you start decorating all at once and you buy all this decor, you just don't really know where things go. So, if you just start out small and you start building from there, everything starts to fall into place. But yeah, yeah, I think I'm an interior designer at this point. But it's time to go home and I'm starving. So, let's go make some dinner. So, some time has passed since I came back. I lowkey was rotting on my couch, but and also getting all the things for my car. It was so heavy, guys. Like, I actually was dragging these picture frames upstairs and I literally my thought my thumb was going to rip off. But I want to show you the paintings that I got. I don't want to move them because they're so heavy. This is going to go in my living room. Look how cute it is. I don't even know what it says, but it looks cute. Looks very artsy. Feel like I could add a lot of color to my living room. And then this is going to go on top of my bed. It's going to go the other way. I don't want to turn it because it's so heavy. But this is going to go on top of my bed frame. So, we have two pieces of wall art going for us already. I'm so proud of myself. And the rest, like I said to you guys earlier, I'm going to go on Wayfair and order a little accent chair there and some other things. But I think that this was successful. I got two things. Actually, no, I got some more things, but it's in the car. They weren't anything crazy. just a table that I showed you guys. And what else? I don't even remember, honestly. I'm so tired. I'm genuinely so tired. I woke up at 4:45 a.m. Like, I'm shocked. But it is 8:00 p.m. It is Tuesday as well. So, you know what that means? Dancing with the Stars is officially on. So, I'm going to watch that and decompress and call this a night because I feel like I was just doing a lot today. A lot of errand work. You know, I love running errands, but sometimes like especially waking up early, I'm just like, "Oh my god, I'm exhausted." Especially after HomeGoods. That place overwhelms me. >> You did so good. >> When I watched it back, the form was forming. >> All right, guys. We just finished Dancing with the Stars. It was so good. I literally love watching Dancing with the Stars every single Tuesday. It's my comfort show and I have to say a lot of people are hopping on the Dancing with the Stars train now and this year, but I've been watching it religiously since probably like Okay, Ollie wants to leave. Probably since 3 or 4 years ago. Like I genuinely love this show. But anyways, I wanted to close out the vlog here. I'm about to go to bed. I'm exhausted and it's 10:45. Like, no, it is way past my bedtime, thousand%. So, we're going to go to bed and have a good night's rest. I'm going to wake up. Actually, no, I'm not going to wake up early. I'm sleeping in tomorrow. Thank goodness. But Courtney's coming into town. I'm so excited she lands tomorrow. So, we're going to be going to Disney World. Uh I think we wanted to go to a Lightning game. There's a lot of things that we want to do. So, hopefully, fingers crossed, we do all that. But, I'm really excited. I'm going to be vlogging that with her. And I'm so excited to take you guys along. But thank you guys for following along and spending a little 5:00 am day in my life. And I'll see you guys in the next vlog. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @earthnbones [31 likes]: so many different ways to get good inspo for interior design! there are great magazines, books, articles that you can use to find inspiration that will give you a better sense of your style than using meaningless chatgpt slop. Definitely a healthy habit/ mindset you should consider!
  2. @kayleereynolds6614 [5 likes]: I love your videos, but I don’t support ChatGPT or ai so this might be the last video I watch.
  3. @janellitorres [1 likes]: Girllll, the realness is making my delulu self think we’re friends!! Keep up the good content, you’re doing amazing 💗
  4. @ricodufault9738 [1 likes]: ..⚡️⚘️💍x👑x💜👋🏻🐺🤰🏼x⚡️..
  5. @ericahensley0: What brush do you use for your hair??
  6. @ericahensley0: Are those beats studio pro?
  7. @Ivy-Quiinn: wow , I watched the vid u til the end❤ I really enjoyed it
  8. @BraveModesty: amazon has better chairs !!!!
  9. @OfficialRXO: Ricky XO giving this same energy on his page fr
  10. @Trustedm: You should show your real self and don’t listen to those comments because maybe they had a bad day. I usually say if you have nothing nice to say, don’t say anything.
  11. @karafrachioni2425: 💗💗
  12. @ava._.grace6: you are so pretty!
  13. @Alionei: Hey Florida girl here too :)
  14. @cookinglikekate7954: I felt when you said content creating can feel so isolating! I am also a content creator (food blogger) and it’s so difficult always working solo. I have thrown around the idea of creating almost like a weekly meeting room app for content creators just so we can have similar to a “co worker” type of vibe 👀 I’m happy to see I’m not the only one who thinks content creation can be challenging for this reason.
  15. @JuanitaPelaez-t2r: LOVVVVE IT
  16. @Luciousscleaning: Truly an inspiring and motivational video! Watched while finishing up my workout , pushed through !
  17. @ilianajimenezmcdermott: your gym sets color suits you so well!!
  18. @AivieraCoulson: Hey, Pedro. Don't You do to be here with the L i f e 😅 because is for people
  19. @Teyliaj: Can’t wait to see the finish upgrades to your place 🤍🤍
  20. @lucerovicente8417: Am I the only one who thinks Ollie is the hair tie thief, might be cuz I have two at home and when I can’t find one I look under my bed.🤣🤣

- 7AM winter *THAT GIRL* morning routine ❄️cozy reset, skincare & wellness: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> Good morning and welcome to my winter morning routine. Winter is certainly not my favorite season. In fact, it's my least favorite. However, there are so many things that come along with winter that I do love. One of those being how cozy it makes my time inside [music] feel and how it makes me just want to slow down. I love savoring my mornings in the winter, making them as cozy as possible and just taking my time with each step. [music] So, this morning I'm starting with a little morning journaling session in my bed because that's even cozier. >> [music] >> Okay, I think that was enough of that. Now, I want to get ready for the day. I am so excited to do my makeup today because I just got a bunch of fun new products from Sephora at Kohl's. This video is sponsored by Kohl's and I could not be more excited because they have such an amazing selection of things and there's so many cute fun Christmas gift sets for honestly such great prices, like such good deals. Kohl's is all about making it easy to shop online, in store, on the Kohl's app on your phone, and rewarding you for all the shopping you do. Also, Kohl's is having amazing Cyber Monday deals on November 30th and December 1st. So, if you want to get these products for an even better price, make sure to hit up that sale. All of the products I'm using will be linked in the description. Starting out with a primer that I have heard so many amazing things about for so long. This is the Refy face primer. What's so cool about this primer is it has this super cool applicator which makes applying the product to your skin so easy. Then, we have the Summer Fridays gift set. This is such an amazing deal. This is $48 and the value is $64. We have the Summer Fridays hot cocoa lip balm, the toasted marshmallow lip balm, which this one is incredible, and the Jet Lag mask. I'm going to pop this toasted marshmallow on my lips while we get ready so that makes my lips extra soft. Oh my gosh, it smells so good. Then, we have the Stay Glossy Super Gel. This one is in the shade Starlight. This stuff makes you glow like crazy. So, if you want like a perfect skin prep product that makes your skin look incredible and gives you a really pretty glow that's like a shimmery glow, not like a glitter, this is the one. Next step, I have the Fenty Beauty Match Stix contour. I got the shade Amber because I wanted a cool tone contour. Okay, that's gliding on super nice. I'll do a little bit on the nose and I love using a little bit as eyeshadow as well. I'm going to do the complexion with my It Cosmetics CC cream, which I already had, but it is also sold at Sephora at Kohl's. And for concealer, the Kosas concealer, one of my top favorite concealers. For a liquid luminizer, I'm using the Rare Beauty one in the shade Enliten. I actually have this in [music] three shades cuz I love it so much. Love putting it up on my cheekbones, tip of my nose, my inner corners. And this shade specifically is perfect for that frosty makeup look that I love doing in the winter. Then, we have the Patrick Ta blush in the shade She Goes to the gym. I have been literally dying to try this. So, at the bottom we have a powder blush and actually a cream blush at the top. And I know Patrick Ta has said his preference for applying this is the powder blush first and then the cream blush. So, let's take a little bit. That shade is gorgeous. Then, the cream blush. Oh, this is gorgeous, but I have way too much on. That is so beautiful. New favorite blush. I'm going to finish up the face so I can show you the rest of the products I got. For the lips, we have a new shade of the Gisou honey infused lip oil. I love these so much. This one is in the shade vanilla glaze. Look how gorgeous it is. I think these would make amazing gifts, too, or like stocking stuffers. So pretty. I love the way my makeup looks today. And this is not makeup, but another thing I picked up was a Touchland hand sanitizer, my first one ever. Also think these would make great gifts. I got mine in Berry Bliss. Let's try it out. Smells amazing. Feels soft on my hands. Perfect. And this is one that does not work with the shirt I'm currently wearing, but the last thing I got is the Patrick Ta all over glow balm in the shade She's on vacation. This stuff is insane. Every person that I've seen wear this, it looks amazing on them. So, if you're wearing like a dress or you know, going to a wedding or you just want to look glowy on your like neck and chest and legs, literally everywhere, this is the stuff to use. And it gives you a little bronze as well. Fool me, it was summer. Okay, we need a We need to blow that out. Candle's going crazy. But, here is the finished makeup look. I literally love every single product I used. Don't forget they will all be linked in the description. Thank you again, Kohl's, for sponsoring today's video. I am hungry, so we're going to make some breakfast next. I think today I'm in the mood for some oatmeal. I feel like often times on winter days, although I love my yogurt bowls, I sometimes want a warm, comforting breakfast and a nice bowl of oatmeal is just that. Recently, I made it kind of in a different way and it was so good. It was in my living like a Victoria's Secret model video. I'm going to try to replicate what I did in that video a little bit because that oatmeal was so, so good. I think I cooked it with mashed up banana as like the sweetener to the oatmeal and I mixed some almond butter into it. [bell] >> Look at how beautiful this looks. Just ate breakfast. That was super yummy, but now I think I'm going to go with my mom to run a [music] few errands. We're going to go to this cute town by my house, hit a few of the shops, like do [music] some Christmas shopping, get some groceries. That town is so cute. It's like a small town kind of vibe-ish and they always do really cute little Christmas decorations and like the stores get all dressed up for Christmas. It's just really fun. Guys, yesterday got very chaotic and I couldn't finish filming this video. So, we're going to keep filming it today. Just pretend it's the same day. My hair is now washed, so it's like natural and wavy, but I just got dressed. We're going to go do those errands I was talking about yesterday. Have a pink off-the-shoulder sweater and some white like kind of a loose jean pants things. They're a little bit big, but we're making it work. I also have this scarf because it is cold and we're going to go get a coat right now. >> [music and bell] [music and bell] >> Peonies. What? Well, we need some of those. Oh my gosh, how are there peonies right now? Wow, look at those. Yeah, just grab this. >> Yay. >> [bell] >> Well, [music] that's heavy. >> Is closed? World of Flowers. What time is it? Oh, not open yet. What? We just finished at Trader Joe's and we were going to go to Small Favors because it's our favorite cute little shop, but it does not open till 12. So, it's almost 11:40, so I think we're going to go find a cafe, get a little drink, and then come back when it opens. I didn't even consider that they wouldn't have opened yet. >> You can look at it. >> Oh my gosh, what is What's on his head? >> know. I like these little babies. >> I just got home. We had such a fun day out and about. Like that was amazing. [music] I ended up getting a little jelly cat. I got this one. I thought that he was adorable. Look at him. He's I think he's [music] like a little star cookie, like a little Christmas cookie. He has little feet. I think I want to put him maybe in my kitchen on my little like shelf I just made or maybe on these shelves. We'll see. But, that is where I'm going to wrap up today's video. Thank you so much for watching. Comment this emoji if you watched all the way up until the end. Don't forget to check out the links in my description to shop Sephora at Kohl's and I will see you in my next video. Bye, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sophiediloreto [54 likes]: what is your fav winter drink?! 🤎🧸☕️
  2. @thatgirlroselin [2 likes]: I also struggle to find things I like about winter but these videos help me stay positive and romanticize winter the best I can!!!⭐️⭐️⭐️
  3. @calmexhale1917 [1 likes]: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
  4. @lifewsophiaofficial [1 likes]: You have literally changed my life inlove this channel sm!! Could you mske a new years 2026 reset?
  5. @김현정-t4p2g: 가만히보면 참 성실하고 부지런하고 자기관리에 진심인게 느껴지네요.남친한테 사랑많이 받을거같아요.항상 응원합니다.❤❤❤🎉
  6. @taylorispreppy67890: hi!! Noticed that  you are in th MI!! Ik that lululemon! ❤
  7. @arnathorleifsdottir2579: ⭐ ⭐
  8. @AnanyaSharma-wp8hr: ⭐
  9. @stherdjijerome: ⭐⭐⭐
  10. @Chelsea-g3b: ⭐️
  11. @Vanessachristynne: ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
  12. @Grace-11-IDK: ⭐️
  13. @EmilyKinzer23: ⭐
  14. @AG21-A: Love your sweater! And I recently got that same Jellycat lol
  15. @Manuetchao: ⭐
  16. @nicki8215: If all of your acne is right where you wipe all your products it's probably one of or a mixture of the products causing it. Maybe simplify your regimen or do a one week challenge where you don't use anything on your face but plain hypoallergenic baby formula lotion or something see if it helps. 🥰🥰
  17. @HeatherForman-b8j: Great video⭐
  18. @8randomprettysecret8: Pretty lovely start to the day, hoping all's well ⭐❄️
  19. @adaamaarysss: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
  20. @MaritDeHaan-y1u: Girll where's the necklace from your wearing in the last clipss

- Best Time of Day To Eat, Sleep And Exercise According To Ayurveda | Plan Your Dailly Routine: Kind: captions Language: en namaskar the ayurvedic concept of this area that is daily routine tells us how we should be doing what different type of activities in the day like eating sleeping exercising Etc following this discipline helps us to bring balance into our watch with the end Cup dosas this routine helps us to stay connected with our sarcardium cycle of day and night Rhythm now let's understand this concept of dincharya or daily routine the first phase of the day that is 6 a.m to 10 AM is cup phase of the morning try to Rise Up from your bed Before Sunrise first detox your digestive system by drinking warm water the moment you wake up this will make it easier to completely empty your colon or bladder next clean your mouth and wash your eyes then practice Surya namaskar or varieties of acids walking Etc this is the best time of your day to energize your system with the help of exercise it removes sluggishness activates digestive fire burns fat and promotes the feeling of Peace after exercise take bath and wear light comfortable clothes will feel clean and pure in this day pray and meditate this essential part of your routine will bring calmness and contentment which will last for the whole day next I have a nutritious breakfast now this may depend on your age and the type of body you have eat something warm and wholesome so that you stay full till lunch time the second phase of the day is with the face from 10 AM to 2 p.m this time is the most productive time of your day to do varieties of work at this time work with full confidence and full capacity this is a time when your metabolism is higher so eat your meal between 12 to 1 if possible include all kinds of waste from sweet to Bitter take a light walk slowly after lunch to help your digestive system the next phase is from 2 pm to 6 PM the worth of phase of the day you may do conscious relaxation after lunch to feel really fresh energized you may study if required but do sex fast we do not need too much concentration walk outdoors in natural surroundings do some deep breathing or stretches and socialize drink tulsidi or any other herbal tea which you like after sunsets go for a quick wash lighter sit for prayer or meditate this practice will bring Harmony to your body and Minds 6 to 10 pm of the day is cup face of the night having light and easy to digest dinner so that when you go to sleep your food is already digested take little stroll or walk again and spend some quality time with your family you may also read and maybe listen to some soothing music as you wind up your age massage your head or soul of your feet with oil to calm the body dim the light where comfortable clothes and go to bed between 10 pm and 2 am is with the phase of night during this time your body needs to relax completely so that it can heal repair and rejuvenate itself so try to go to bed by 10 pm and make good sleep a priority now at rise between 2 am and 6 AM is the what phase at this time the body feels very light because the digestion is complete and the cellular repair work is done stay asleep during the early hours to feel more rested if you wake up during this time you may find it hard to go to sleep again during such time it is best to meditate chant mantras or do some pranaya when it is 6 AM it is again the cup phase of the body at the day night cycle continues like that so you see at any time of the day and night we are either in what fit or stuff those with us in our ancient scripture there is a Sanskrit verse that says we have to Pinterest from Monday our body is the miniature form of the universe now in this life it is best to change our lifestyle to synchronize with the cycle of nature by following bincharya in the beginning your body will not agree to this routine and will resist these changes but if you continue for about three weeks you will see a positive difference in your health you will also feel more energetic and joyful namaste

  Top Comments:
  1. @theyogainstituteofficial [168 likes]: How can you optimize your day for maintaining good health and productivity? Explore the concept of Dincharya in this video. Share it with others and post your comments below. Our goal is to make good health a priority, promote well-being and make this world a healthier place to live in.
  2. @monishadas3708 [18 likes]: It's not possible for any competitive exam aspirants to follow such routine 😑
  3. @nusrat6086 [2 likes]: It's similar to Islamic culture ⭐💕
  4. @dugglett202 [2 likes]: 6AM -10PM - KAPHA PHASE 
Wake up before sunrise
Drink warm water after waking up
Low intensity physical activity (walking , surya namaskar , yoga)(best time-activates body etc)
Shower
Nutritious breakfast (warm and wholesome to stay full)

10am to 2pm 
Best time to work 
Metabolism is high 
Lunch -12 to 1pm
Include all types of tastes 
Take a walk 

2pm to 6pm
Concious relaxation after lunch
Do tasks that require low concentration
After sunset , go for walk , light a diya, pray or meditate

6 to 10pm
Light and easy to digest dinner
Walk 
Spend time with family, read or listen to music
Massage feet with oil

10pm to 2am 
Body relaxes completely to heal 

2am to 6am
Body is very light
  5. @msreen-j3w [2 likes]: Thank you so much mam 🙏 ❤️ 😊 ☺️ 💕
  6. @staceyguy3961 [2 likes]: New sub ❤ thank you my kind of relaxation xxx
  7. @sampadsaha13 [1 likes]: ❤
  8. @neckashi6971 [1 likes]: 1:47 Breakfast in question on a vedic video guide 🥩😂
  9. @GunjaAria-w2p: Agar ayurveda ke bare me bata rhe ho to km se km hindi me baat to kr lo 😮😮
  10. @KangoJunior: I stopped labeling foods as good or bad. Healix AI helped me see them in terms of how they affect me 🧬🍲
  11. @anandadevaraj1395: 🙏🙏
  12. @shaheenkhan5007: Yes
  13. @tisha3836: Me watching at 4:32
  14. @neckashi6971: Me with a night shift job 😅
  15. @anupamkumarsharma_Xa1: Very Nice! Thanks for Sharing so valuable Information...❤
  16. @vickyinsanity: That’s for retired people
  17. @aniketinfreetime5792: Mam please clear my doubt, 
Can we do surya namaskar without taking bath
  18. @khaleel987-w8o: For girls of any age can continue these  routine in period times
  19. @Pritshah-b9c: Madam,  what  fruit  eat in the afternoon. ?
  20. @NK-cq1ch: Dinner time?

- Night Time Routine 🌃 | A Cozy 5PM to 10PM Vlog: Unpacking Groceries, Dinner Prep, & Waffles: Kind: captions Language: en Good evening! I bought quite a bit of groceries today It's been raining a lot these days and the humidity is very high Because of this, washing my hands after returning home feels extra good The presence of daffodils at the grocery store is a clear indication that Spring is just around the corner Flowers are one of those small things that can make me happy for days Poppies are my favorite flowers ~ they bloom like living masterpieces, each one a true work of art I like to quickly "prepare" my groceries once I get home Cutting the butter into small pieces will make it so much more convenient to use when you need it However, I don't use separators between pieces (I am a "little" frugal in that regard haha (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝)) As long as you leave a bit of space between the pieces, they won't stick together even if they fall For vegetables, I like to clean them and then let them dry before storing them in the fridge Dirt trapped in the vegetables can carry bacteria which may lead to contamination Berries are Koko's favourite fruit, so I usually buy a lot and wash them all at once I give them a quick rinse and then soak them in baking soda water for 15 minutes Baking soda helps to remove dirt, pesticides, and other residues effectively You can leave the berries to air dry, but it usually takes really long, so I like to use a salad spinner I promise it's not just because the salad spinner would otherwise sit unused... 𓏗-𓏗 For proteins, I like to remove them from their packaging as soon as I get home It's a habit my mother-in-law taught me long ago, and it really stuck with me She mentioned that this helps reduce the chances of plastic leaching into the food, and I've followed her advice ever since Every Friday afternoon, 🐢 takes 🐨 out to play, so I have some time for myself before dinner I've been loving rooibos and rose tea lately I think they complement each other perfectly ~ The aroma is very delicate, sweet, and soothing ~ Pouring it into the biggest mug I have 😅 The flavour is so rich and mellow at the same time, and so comforting ~ I brewed extra tea to enjoy later We've been eating out a lot lately with relatives visiting, so I've really been craving 'home food' I reckon 'home food' is different for everyone, but for me, it’s either pasta or rice with stir-fried dishes I guess it’s a blend of my Chinese heritage and being born and raised in Italy What's your version of 'home food'? Tonight, I'm going to be making Chinese style food ~ Boiling the pork with a bit of ginger for 5 minutes helps to remove any unpleasant odors For the sauce, I'm using 1/2 tbsp tamari, 1 tbsp oyster sauce, and 1/2 tbsp sugar Fry the ginger in a bit of oil until fragrant Then add in your protein of choice and fry until golden brown Finally, add the vegetables and sauce Many combinations of proteins and vegetables can work with this recipe (Can you tell Koko came home? 😆) The second dish (Koko's favourite dish) is a child's favourite I have so many memories of eating steamed eggs mixed with rice when I was a kid Typically, you'd sift the eggs like I'm doing here to achieve the smoothest texture However, since we're at home (and eggs are expensive), I just use them as they are I like to steam the mixture for 5 minutes before adding my toppings and steaming for 6 more minutes (I got distracted and steamed them for 8 minutes before adding the toppings, but it was fine) Lastly, I'll boil some romaine lettuce In reality, I've been multitasking all the dishes, but I think it's easier to watch this way? 😆 The romaine lettuce is ready to be served after about 30 seconds I'm going to make a quick sauce with a bit of garlic, soy sauce, and sugar Serving dinner with some mixed purple rice ~ 🐢&🐨:"Thanks Mamma" 🐨:"Steamed egg, steamed egg 🎶" It's so delicious ~ Rice killers for sure After dinner, it's time to get Koko ready for bed Lately, we've been showering together for efficiency It also makes story time cosier and more enjoyable for the both of us since we can cuddle together ~ 🐻:"Why is he happy?" 🐨:"Because he ate so much food!" 😆 🐨:"He ate lots of rice! and steamed eggs!" We used to read the same books to her when she was a baby, but in a very different manner These days, we talk about why the characters may be feeling a certain way 🐨:"We can help her put on a bandaid and she'll feel happy!" After reading some stories, we usually cuddle for a few more minutes before she sleeps in her own bed After hearing much about the benefits of red light, I recently bought a red light mask 👍 I'm usually very good at taking it slow, but there are 2 times where I can't! When brushing my teeth and doing a mask 😆 I feel like I have to keep myself busy I purchased a brush cleaner from Amazon and I thought I'd use this time to clean my brushes When did you last wash your brushes? I don't remember the last time I washed mine.. I added a bit (too much) of makeup brush cleaning solution The water is turning murky just from dipping the brush 🙂 This is actually incredibly fun and, most importantly, very fast! There's still some foam residue, so I rinse it off and then spin it dry It's actually very dry and fluffy after spinning ~ And it also comes with a spot to air dry and different attachments I'm very happy with this purchase ! (And so is my skin! Haha ) I'm going to prepare yeast waffles for tomorrow's breakfast Combine 190g flour, 4g yeast, 80g milk, 1 egg, 35g of sugar, and a bit of vanilla extract Once the dough is formed, add in 30g of butter and combine Cover and store in the fridge overnight From 9 to 10 it's usually time for 🐢and I to catch up on our day It's basically the only hour we have for the two of us haha We enjoy some tea and toast to the fact that we did a great job today once again! 😆 I divided the dough into 6 parts to make 6 waffles Yeast waffles are so cute and fluffy ✨ I'm going to top the waffles with some greek yoghurt If you add some matcha powder into the yoghurt, you'll get a delicious matcha sauce ! Time to make it pretty ~ The weather calls for an iced latte ☺️ It feels like I'm at a cafe ☕️ Waffles go very well with coffee I hope you enjoyed watching this video as much as I enjoyed making it

  Top Comments:
  1. @majdafayj5497 [1 likes]: The cleanest home routine ever
  2. @ASMRCountry [1 likes]: I'm loving every video you showcase in your video content 💯
  3. @prayvacy [1 likes]: No more sketchy 'One weird trick to melt belly fat' ads - all thanks to Blockify
  4. @hayrunisa-e1h: You are so beatiful ❤
  5. @Andre_Garri: I love it thank you for sharing it
  6. @sophie-so-9: i like the vibes such a beautiful family .i feel calm when i saw the video
  7. @MoonlitMoments-d6k: ❤❤❤ how relaxing
  8. @goblin_harts: my version of home food is a grilled cheese with tomato soup :) it's simple but i was such a picky eater as a kid😅 so it definitely became a comfort meal especially in winter/fall
  9. @Thirtha133: Super sister ❣️❤❤
  10. @wantingchong4837: how sweet of your lovely koko to think of scooping the dishes on your behalf <3
  11. @MiguelLopez-e9j: & i am 58 Years Old
  12. @MiguelLopez-e9j: & i Live in Chicago
  13. @MiguelLopez-e9j: Hi,
  14. @Oyendrilavlogs: So beautiful and peaceful vlog. Cute baby ❤❤❤. First time l watch your vlog and l am inspired and enjoy. Thank you for sharing dear and have a nice day 😊❤
  15. @TinyMiracles-u1x: ❤🎉😊
  16. @HR-ib7km: 落ち着いた映像のトーンが大好きで、何度も見返したくなります✨ 最近、夜はゆったりiPadで Bloom – Coloring App を開いて無心に色を塗るのにはまってます。素敵な癒やしの時間をありがとうございます！
  17. @OnlyAesth: peacefull living
  18. @priscilabeatrizbarcelosdon9582: Já sabe secar cabelo ❤
  19. @recoveryou-w2c: 잔잔하고 따스한, 넓은 집. 나의 가족이 생기는 날 다시 보기를
  20. @rawengradi621: I love the vibe!!! It inspires me to product the same kind of content !!

- lock in routine 🌱 how to LOCK IN with healthy habits & consistency for the end of the year!: Kind: captions Language: en We are entering the era of the great lock in. A little meal prep together. Cheers, you guys. The Empire State Building Day. [Music] Here's Hello everybody. Hello everybody. Welcome to another vlog, another day, another vlog. So today's vlog is actually a kind of special one. We are entering the era of the great lockin. So basically, it's this time frame where you have the opportunity to lock in in every area of your life. I'm talking fitness, diet, exercise, business, money, career, school, and personal growth. Literally everything. And the real ones who already know me know that I love a good challenge. Okay, last year me and all the girlies did something called the winter arc challenge. And it's a very similar concept. Basically, we are taking advantage of the fact that there is this limited time, the next few months, to sprint toward our dream life, our dream self. And it really just forces consistency because that limited time of a few months, it's long enough to see real progress but also short enough that you can actually stick to it. So the next few months as you're consistent, that's going to be your launching path to have true unstoppable discipline and feel ready and confident for the new year 2026 because it's right around the corner. And I don't know about you, but for me, I want to feel prepared, confident, and smash all of my goals. So class is in session. Okay, pull out a notepad, your notes app, pen, paper. I got my little iPad here and I'm going to be sharing with you guys my personal lockin categories. So my five lockin categories is first physical, second mental, third career/money, fourth relationships, fifth self-growth. So under those five categories, I chose three habits that I really want to focus and hone in on these next few months. So under physical, I wrote daily movement of course and going to the gym five times per week. The second is meal prepping weekly and eating clean. Third is sleeping 7 to eight hours consistently. Guys, sleep is honestly so underrated. It's so important. It does not matter how many days a week you're going to the gym, how clean you're eating. If you're not getting enough sleep, your body is literally not going to be able to recover the way it's supposed to. Under mental, I put journal daily, which I already do. I usually spend like 5 minutes a day, but I want to challenge myself and do longer journal sessions. So, like 10, 15, 20 minutes. Read my Bible daily. So, reading my Bible is going to go hand in hand with journaling daily. Also, when I journal, I'm going to be journaling to God, too, and talking to God and just building my relationship with him. And then no screen time an hour before bed. and then only until at least an hour after I wake up. Obviously, blue light from your phone is really, really bad for you, especially right before you're about to fall asleep. As soon as I woke up, I would always check my phone and just like start scrolling. You're literally starting the day just on high alert, super anxious. If you think about it, you're letting everyone into your life as soon as your eyes open. I'm not doing that anymore at all. Under career and money, I want to grow a really strong community on short form. So, my Instagram and Tik Tok. So, if you're not already following me on there, what are you doing? Okay, what are you doing? Go follow your girl right now. Matter of fact, if you're not subscribed, check if you're subscribed. Okay, go subscribe right now. But yeah, I feel like my community on YouTube is so full, amazing, and I love you guys. I feel so close to you guys. But I want to feel that on Instagram and Tik Tok as well. I really want to do content that actually truly helps people because that what is what I realized really fulfills me. Wellness and beauty, personal growth, mindset content, and lastly, no personal miscellaneous spending. Under relationships, checking in with family and friends weekly. Listen, I'm going to be honest, guys. I am not a good texter. I'm a horrible texter. But that is not a good excuse. Like I have time to respond to my friends. I have time to check in on them. So I'm trying to get better at that and be very mindful of that. And then plan quality time with close people. So like making plans, reaching out to people and then establish healthy boundaries and put myself first. And then under self-rowth, no negative selft talk. So no more I can't do this. I don't know if I could do this. I'm so bad at this. And I realized I'm someone that has a lot of negative selft talk. Like even from the littlest things, if I forget to like charge my phone or something, I'll be like, "Oh, I'm such an idiot." Or if I like didn't wake up early in the morning, I'd be like, "Oh, I'm so lazy." No, no, no. No more negative selft talk. Okay? Because how you talk about yourself truly changes your brain chemistry and your words are so powerful. If you're constantly saying negative things about yourself, your brain doesn't know the difference between reality and fantasy. So instead of saying negative things about myself, I'm going to switch it and then make it positive. So instead being like, I am capable. I am worthy. I am strong. I'm disciplined. yada yada yada. and then trying a new hobby or skill. So, for me, that's going to be cooking, practicing my Korean, also public speaking. I'm a certified yapper, okay? I love talking to you guys all the time, but I think when it becomes a huge public crowd or like when I see people doing TED talks and stuff, I'm like, I would tell myself I can't do that. But this is the era of I can. So, I'm going to work on that. And then lastly, challenging myself outside of my comfort zone. So, this includes like traveling more to different places, experiencing different cultures, also solo traveling. I just did my first solo trip to London literally a few weeks ago and it was my first ever solo trip. I had the best time. And yeah, those are basically all my five lockin categories. And I want to hear about your guys's five locking categories. So comment it down below and I'll make sure to read it and we can hype each other up, hold each other accountable. Oh yeah, and the rest of this video we are going to execute on these locking categories. First, you guys know we always like to start with a workout because that's honestly one of the best ways to start the day. So I'm going to finish the rest of my coffee and then let's go. this workout set. So cute. This might have to be my new favorite workout set because this blue color is everything. Like you guys know I'm a workout clothes addict, so I have a bunch of workout clothes, but this specific shade of blue. I don't have it. And it is so cute. I'm obsessed. It's my first time wearing this, by the way, which is why I'm like freaking out right now. Like, wow. I love it. Also, this is so comfortable and stretchy. Feels like a second skin. Love. The set is actually a new drop from Yagle for her. I do have a little discount code for you guys, so you can use it. It's Lena Yo. So, you can save money, live better. No pressure to use my code though. I love you if you do. I love you. But yeah, a cute workout is always going to do it to me every time. It literally motivates me to work out sometimes. Wow. I love a shorts hoodie combo. The vibe of this era for me is definitely, you know, that one Kermit meme where he's like wearing a hood and he just looks like super focused. That is the vibe for this era for us. So, for this great lock in, we're going to make sure to have a little hoodie. It just helps you focus a little bit. I know that sounds crazy, but trust me, try it. It really, really works. It just makes you laser focus in on your workout and just like not pay attention to anything else. So, try it. Especially for this great lock in. I'm also going to do my hair. All righty, guys. So, your girl just finished one of my little lockin rules, which is journaling every day and also reading my Bible. And I just want to show you kind of how I decided to fill my journal out for this. So, obviously used my day-by-day journal, of course. No other journal that I like to use. I filled out the prompt page and the free right space. So, first for the prompt part, I always fill out what time of day it is, my energy level, how I'm feeling, three things I'm grateful for. I said quality time spent with my family, my community growing stronger and bigger. I always make sure to say my gratitude for having you guys in my life. Like genuinely, you guys changed my life. But also, just having a community of you guys and us growing literally means the world to me. And so, I always make sure every day that I show gratitude for that. And lastly, helping people with phone addiction/doomcrolling. So, fun fact, your girl actually just started this new series on my Tik Tok account. It's called anti-brain rot. And I actually started this series because I was really struggling with phone addiction. Like you guys, my screen time was at 8, nine, 10 hours a day. It was so, so bad. I knew it was bad for me, but I kept on doing it anyway. And especially when I felt more depressed and more lonely, it would just make me scroll on my phone so much more. And weirdly, even though this connects you to so many people and you get to see so many people's lives, it makes you feel so lonely. And just sharing my experience online about that and also how I've personally fixed it, a bunch of you guys related. And so I started that new series on TikTok. So yeah, if you're not already tapped into that, I'm going to have my Tik Tok for you guys if you want to go ahead and watch that whole series. If you also kind of struggle with doom scrolling and phone addiction, and then my three intentional goals for my day, I said moving my body, enjoying the nice weather cuz it's really sunny out. And then working hard, and some daily affirmations, I said blessed and highly favored. And then over on this side, I just chose a Bible verse that I read. And I think every day I'm going to try to write a Bible verse that kind of sticks out to me on the top. And then I did myself a little prayer over here. On the bottom, I actually used one of the journal prompts from my very own journal, the Dayby-day journal. For those of you who don't know, I have a bunch of journaling prompts. Because honestly, one of the worst parts of journaling that that I hated and always made me not be consistent with journaling is the fact that every single day, I would sit there and stare at my blank journal and not know what the heck to write. But not in my day-by-day journal, honey. Okay. I made sure to have all the journaling prompts so you literally never run out of things to write about. So, for example, morning prompts, self-reflection prompts, we even have manifestation prompts, goal oriented prompts, productivity prompts. So, basically based on how you're feeling that day, you could just choose a prompt. I chose from my goal oriented prompt and then I chose this one. What habits do I want to focus on slash incorporate for this week? So then what I did to journal was I wrote that prompt on the top and then I wrote down just three goals that I kind of want to really focus on this week. So I put no doom scrolling, praying daily, and then go to the gym earlier in the day because I realized I don't know if it's just me, but I personally like to get my workout out of the way earlier in the day because otherwise if I leave it till later in the day, I probably will skip my workout. That's what I want to focus on. And yeah, I just wanted to show you guys like how my journaling routine has been kind of going. Also, of course, I'm going to have my own journal, the dayby-day journal linked in my description for you guys. It comes in this original wood color and this gorgeous matcha green color, so you can take your pick. And it's honestly just the best way to start your day or end your day. And I promise you, if you haven't tried journaling consistently already, try it. You will not regret it. You will notice a huge difference with how you feel during your day. Just feeling so much lighter and happier, more gratitude. It is literally just the best, most simple habit. If you get anything from my videos, try journaling. Okay. Hello vlog. So right now your girl's headed to do a little work date with my friend Mai. She's also a YouTuber. But before that, I wanted to get a pumpkin spice latte because it's pumpkin spice season, guys. It's fall. Call me basic. I love a good pumpkin spice latte. And apparently there's this place I saved on TikTok. They have the best pumpkin spice latte and it's only like five bucks, which I know is still expensive, but it's less expensive for New York City. Everything's expensive here. We're on the hunt for the best pumpkin spice latte. Go. Okay, guys. Got my iced pumpkin spice latte from Whistle and Fez. I've heard so many amazing things from Tik Tok about this. I'm about to post a cove of my iced coffee because I'm trying to romanticize my life and save these cute little moments. Cute. Going to upload her. Yay. romanticizing my life without the pressure to post on social media. Also, this photo is from yesterday when I hung out with my niece and nephew. Okay, let's try her out. Cheers. >> Okay, I definitely should have got it half sweet cuz it's really sweet, but this is so good. If you like pumpkin like me, you will love this. This other place I went to, their pumpkin spice latte was so expensive and it wasn't even that good. I'm definitely coming back here. Whistle and fizz. Hey, hello baby boy. Okay, guys. So, if you didn't know, Mai is a designer. Alchemy. Shout out Alami. And she's letting me try on something that hasn't even come out yet. First of all, look at this. >> This will keep you warm in the winter. An ugly coat. You're wearing like a sweater. >> This is so fat. It's so warm, guys. Like, wow. Okay, I want to see it reverse. Oh my god. This is bad. >> Oh wow. I bro, I'm ready for winter right now. Let the New York City winter come. If you guys ever wondered how my mom gets her fruit plates, she chooses the fruit meticulously. All righty, guys. Guys, we're here in my kitchen with my mom, my mom. It's mine. She's like, "My hair is messed up." Hi. We're going to be meal prepping together. And this time, I'm going to be meal prepping steak chimmy chur salad. It looks really good. Look at that. That looks delicious. And you guys know I'm trying to meal prep healthier, live better. So, let's get to cooking. And's going to help. Yeah. Fighting for my life after cutting that onion, guys. Woo! You're cooking. Okay guys, steak chimmy cherry bean salad is done. Going to throw these in my fridge and then still there's like a bunch left over. So I'm going to do a little taste test with you guys. Cheers. M amazing. I'm going to try some steak chimmy cherry salad with the wrap. It's so good. >> I need some. [Applause] All righty, vlogs. So, your girl just got off the ferry. I'm actually about to meet my sister and my niece and nephew. They're coming to pick me up. There's New York City. Now, we're here in Jersey. Gonna spend some quality time with the fam because that's part of the lockin. They're not here yet, so I'm waiting for them. But also, while I'm here in Jersey, I'm actually gonna get my haircut. I have a hair lady here in Jersey that I always go to. She's the best. Her name is Kathy. And I'm in much need of a haircut. Like, my hair It's in a clock right now, but it is so long. It is It's like uncomfortable. Even though it's like a super gloomy day, the view of New York City is so nice, guys. Like, look. She's gina. Hello. Hi, baby. yellow. Hello vlogs. So, right now I'm headed to meet my friend Tanu because it's her birthday today and so I'm getting her a little birthday brunch. Also got her gift here. Currently in the West Village. We're eating at this place called I forget what it's called. F Oh, Fie. F E R D I. >> Thank you. And the way it was literally about glasses. >> Wait, really? No way. Really good. A little candle. >> Did you guys miss the fruit plates from my mom? What fruit do we have here? Fig, golden kiwi. >> Yeah. And peach, banana, plum with the apple. >> The real ones know about the fruit plates. So, your girl's about to make some lunch, and I figured we do a little meal prep together. I had this recipe saved for a minute. It's a buffalo chicken salad. This is what she looks like. Ooh, sorry, guys. Yummy. All credits to this queen right here for this fast little healthy recipe. I got all my ingredients prepped and ready right here. Let's get to it cuz I'm hungry and I'm starving. Okay, this is a super easy recipe. I'll have it linked in my description for you guys. You literally just cut and throw a bunch of ingredients together. So, I'm starting off with some shredded chicken in this bowl. And now I'm about to cut up some green onion. Throw that in there. Then a little bit of white onion. She uses red onion, but I don't have that. So, this is what we're using. Woo! My eyes are burning. Add the white onion. Then add some parsley. Oh my gosh, that onion has me fighting for my life right now, guys. Woo! Okay, now this wasn't in her recipe, but I love a little spice. So, I'm going to add a jalapeno. I don't know about you guys, but I like a little spice, a little kick. Got everything here. And then now I'm going to add some Greek yogurt. This is just plain Greek yogurt. By the way, we are not measuring anything. I just like to measure with a heart. Give me like yay much. That's good. And then we got buffalo sauce, guys. This is my favorite buffalo sauce in the world. This is from Primal Kitchen and it's made with avocado oil. It is fire. We're going to be very generous. Love me some buffalo sauce. Now, we're going to add in some seasoning. Salt, pepper, onion powder. Before I mix, I'm going to add a little bit of lemon. This wasn't in the recipe, but I'm just someone that loves a good lemon squeeze. And now we mix her up together. Okay, here she is. Our buffalo chicken salad all done. Now we're going to try a little taste test. I'm going to eat it with some chips. Let's get a nice bite there. Cheers. M. Oh my gosh, guys. This is amazing. Wow. Delicious. You guys have to try this recipe. It was also so easy. It really doesn't even take that many ingredients. I love stuff like this cuz you could eat it with chips or like a piece of toast and it'll be so good. And the best part is this becomes meal prep. You could leave this in your fridge. Eat it the next few days. Guys, I think we just unlocked a new meal prep recipe that I'm going to be using the crap out of. All righty, guys. So, your girl's in her pajamas all comfy. And I was actually about to do my little night routine with you guys. And perfect timing because guess what, you guys? The Empire State Building is pink. I have to show it to you. Come look. Look. Do you see her? How gorgeous? The Empire State Building is for the girlies. You guys, fun fact, one of the main reasons why I chose this apartment was because of the Empire State Building view. Those of you who don't live in New York, it's a very iconic building. It has a lot of history to it, but also it changes colors almost every single day. And it's really fun because depending on the holiday, it'll be a different color. So, for example, during Christmas, the colors change to red and green. The best view of an apartment I've ever lived in. So, I'm just so grateful. I'm so grateful to be here. I will say she changes a lot of different colors, but pink doesn't happen that frequently. So, I feel like we were meant to have a little girls night in. But yeah, to match the vibe of the Empire State Building, let's change the color of my apartment, too. To change all the lights to dark pink, how cute. All right, the girls night has officially commenced because now my whole apartment is pink. I just love making my apartment pink. It makes it feel like a girl's apartment. But yeah, it's really not that common for the Empire State Building to be pink. So, I'm going to save a photo of her on my Cove. Of course, if you don't know, Cove is a little lifestyle app that saves any memories that you want to keep. Oh my gosh, she's gorge. How gorgeous. There she is. She's uploaded on my Cove. How cute. All right, I know it's late, but I'm kind of craving some dessert because it's that time of the month. So, let's get a little something sweet. Ta. This is the vanilla chocolate crunch frozen yogurt bar from Yaso. One of my favorite favorite desserts. Just listen for this crunch. Okay. Ooh, that's hard. Hold on. Okay. It didn't crunch like it was supposed to. My freezer is a little too strong because it's really hard. Still tastes yummy, though. Leo's here hanging out with us on our girls night. You guys have to remember even during a great lockin, you still have to treat yourself, okay? Make sure that you prioritize that. So, if you're a dessert lover like me, get your favorite dessert. That way you have something to look forward to at the end of the night. It honestly really helps when you do the prize rule, which is when you incentivize yourself. Let's say if I don't feel like working out, I'll be like, if I hit my workout today, I will get my favorite dessert. Sometimes that motivation is enough to just get you going. And I'm someone if there is a prize waiting for me at the end, chances are I'm going to do it and I'm going to feel 10 times more motivated. So, little hack for you. Cheers. So, welcome to tonight's girly tea time chithat. So, before your girl heads off to bed, I wanted to chat with you guys a little bit. One of the main things I think that we should really focus on for this great lockin, I am talking about doom scrolling because girl, I don't know about you, but 2025 is almost over and I wasted so much of my time just scrolling on my phone. And it makes sense, right? Because these social media platforms, they literally designed their app to be as addictive as possible. And the thing is, I know it's not good for me, you know, like I know when I spend time on social media, I start feeling insecure about myself. I start comparing myself to other people I see online. So much less motivated. So, honestly, one major thing I've been trying to be more mindful of is wasting my time scrolling on this little thing. And there's this one quote that I heard that literally shook me to my core. Every hour that you spend watching someone else live their dream life by scrolling, that is an hour being stolen from building your own. And when I heard that quote, mind you, my screen time was at 8 n hours a day. I constantly felt anxious. I was feeling depressed. I had no energy. And scrolling was the only thing that temporarily made me feel better. I was wasting my own life and my own potential. And that realization just made me snap out of it. And I was like, "No, no more time. It's going to be wasted scrolling and scrolling and scrolling." There's a study that proves the average person wastes about 20 years of their life on their phone. Okay, 20 years. Girl, that's almost a third of your life just gone to doom scrolling. Next time you find yourself just scrolling mindlessly on your phone, I want you to ask yourself, is this really worth 20 years of my life? So, especially with this great lock in, I've been really mindful about my phone usage. I charge my phone literally in my kitchen because it is that bad. It's that serious. And you know, I needed alternatives because let's be real, you can't just tell someone never go on your phone and just expect it to work. And that is literally why I've been part of this mission of building Cove this past year because I just genuinely wanted a safe space away from all the noise of social media, all the constant comparing and trying to post the perfect photo, watching other people's perfect lives, and literally just have a space to post for me. And that's what CO is. It's literally just your safe space to save your memories, your thoughts, and post for yourself, not for other people. So, there's no likes, no algorithms, no constant comparison to other people. It's just you, your memories, and your life. And let me tell you, it has been so freeing to have somewhere to put my energy into like code that isn't doom scrolling. Because every scroll, every binge, every time you tell yourself, I'll just start tomorrow, you're not just wasting your time, you're wasting your potential. And you're literally being the audience in your own life. And that's how I was living for the longest time until I decided enough is enough. And I personally do not want to waste another year like that. And I also want to make sure you, the girlies, are also not wasting another year like that. If you needed a sign, here's your sign to lock in. Come join me. Make sure you're subscribed. Cuz if you're not already subscribed, >> what are you doing? Okay. What are you doing? Go subscribe right now. >> If you want to be locked in with me for the rest of the year, make sure you comment down below this emoji so I know that you're locked in with me and, you know, we can hold each other accountable. I'm also going to have the weight list to Cove in my description for you guys. We are officially gearing up to launch. So, I'm so excited for you guys to finally use it and experience that freeing feeling from doom scrolling yourself. And yeah, I'm excited for these next few months to see our transformation together because think about how fun it is for us to be locked in together and see how we both transformed at the end of it. So yeah, I love you guys and I'll see you in the next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JirssMe [1 likes]: 💕💕💕
  2. @AngelynStephens: 💕💕💕💕💕
  3. @xmariposa95: Hey, where is your black outfit from the beginning of the video <3
  4. @rajsinghchannel3252: the “daily movement even if it’s a walk” part hit. i always think it has to be a full gym day or it doesn’t count. Forge: AI Trainer reminded me of that too.
  5. @ناصرجرادات-ق6د: i struggle with consistency so this was super helpful
  6. @bishalmagar7398: not gonna lie this is pretty motivating
  7. @ناصرجرادات-ق6د: love the tips you shared, thanks!
  8. @NelizCarbalo: This routine is exactly what I needed to see! Time to lock in for the rest of the year.
  9. @Aesthetic_21-shadow: Lena you are the best there has never been another YouTuber that has motivated me like u do we love you ❤❤
  10. @RoroStopScrolling: Okay, but why do MY eyes burn when I watch you cut those onions 😭 Tearing up so bad over here
  11. @LimberMccaskill: I love your energy and positive vibes.
  12. @priyadestiny7880: ❤❤❤❤ I'm going to do some of your ideas and I'll get back with you. I do agree that being on social media can drain all your energy at night cuz I'm one of them who spends hrs at night. I do have a journal book that I bought yrs. ago and I have been writing 3 positive goals or goals that I have accomplished. I love to write and read. So, those two are my lock in so far lol Thank you, Lena for the great ideas that I can enjoy for me. Btw, i didnt buy the journals that you put out there, but one day I will get them. I just got soooo many that I need to fill it up 💕
  13. @Nnighthoneybear: Very good enjoy
  14. @beatricebalzarini4533: PLEASE make cove available for android
  15. @shannonbartos7646: Someone please tell me where the first outfit she wore is from? I love it!!
  16. @stray_immortal: Every time you say have a good pipe up to your workout , you are when I listen to to get hyped , not for a workout , but just in general , so thank you
  17. @CynthiaMartinez-e1h: Girl i love this vendió,, i know you batter … go to right mind bye talk laters…xcz
  18. @Chrjnsz: 💕💕💕
  19. @Chrjnsz: Is it true that there’s a lot of opportunities in New York?
  20. @Glontz-i7z: OMG I LOVE YOUR CONTENT, I AM GOING TO FOLLOW ON IG RIGHT NOW <3

- How to Glow Up & Become THAT Girl | Daily Habits That Changed My Life: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Good morning tribe. I sound a little crazy because I just woke up. You are my first interaction. Um but over time my voice will start sounding normal again. This morning I want to this entire video is me sharing my routine with you. the things the little things that I do every day that's been helping me with thriving and shaping me into the version of myself that I want to be that's helping me turn my dreams into reality. I'm hoping that you take some of these things, you know, anything that's realistic that applies to your life and implement them in your life, okay? To help shape you into the version of yourself that you want to be to help with turning your dreams into reality. The first tip that I'm going to share with you this morning is that you have to wake up an hour before the world. Now, I say an hour because that's probably realistic for most of you, but for me, I wake up at 5:00 a.m. Sometimes I wake up at 4:30, depending the things that I need to do. I don't start work until 9. Okay? I just believe that there's so much of me that I need to I I just need to pour into myself as much as I can before I can start pouring into the world. So, I wake up and I do the things that I need to do for me. So, you can wake up an hour before your kids wake up, before your man wakes up, before your family, before you have to go into work, and you do whatever it is that you want to do. Again, I'm going to show you what I do. You can take some of these things and implement it in them into your life. But number one, wake up an hour before the world does. Now, the second thing I do once I wake up, I'm still a little shaky because I woke up and I just grabbed my phone and I started recording. So, bear with me here. And then the second thing that I do is I talk to God. This is key. before you start your day, before you go out, before I open my door to go outside, I'm going to say a prayer because there's so I mean, we all know this that we take this for granted or some people take this for granted, but I never take this for granted. Being able to leave your house and go out and about and do the things that you want to do and being able to come back home safely is such a flex. It's something it's such a blessing that we don't even really think about. So I tell myself I have to pray. Whatever the devil has planned for me out there, whatever crooked path the devil has plotted for me, if I pray, I rebuke it. I know that God is going to make my crooked path straight. So hear me out. Number two, before you leave your house, before you start your day, you have to give your day to God. So you and I are actually now going to pray before I start my day. We're going to do this together. Father God, I thank you for this day. I thank you for your grace. I thank you for your guidance. I thank you for waking us up this morning. I thank you for continuing to protect us and watch over us. Father God, as we start this day today, I ask that you please go before us to make our crooked path straight. Whatever evil intent the devil has planned for us, I come against, I rebuke, I bind right now in the mighty name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth. I plead the blood of Jesus upon the tribe and I ask that you please, God, lead us into the direction that you want us to go. Continue to be the foundation that we stand on. Order our steps, God, and take control and all of the things that we want to do today, God. Give us the willpower, the knowledge, the confidence, all the tools that we need, Lord, to do and go after the life that we want. Let your will be done today, God. In Jesus name I pray. Amen. Now, we're up early. We've said our prayer. Let's get started. Another tip that I want to share is just keeping your space clean. I don't deep clean in the mornings on the weekdays because it's not realistic to my schedule, but I do like to just light clean. So, just washing the dishes and putting things where they need to go. It helps with just relaxing my brain. I feel like when things are all over the place, I don't think clearly. I'm I feel scattered brain. So, this just helps me with conquering the day, knowing that my space is clean. It just puts, you know, puts me in a great mood. I have to do a to-do list. I just I have to. Whether it's me working on my personal life or when I'm in the office, I just I have to have a to-do list because what that does for my brain is it helps me with just being organized and it just I feel like okay, I have exactly what I need to conquer in front of me. Therefore, I don't need to figure things out because if I let my brain just wing it, there's a million things that I need to do and I'm going to end up not doing any of it and then I'm going to be even more frustrated because what just happened? I just wasted my entire day just thinking of all the things that I need to do, but I didn't get anything done. So, I highly recommend that you get a planner. Now, I have a planner physically cuz I need like I'm a pen and paper girl. I need to write things down. I also have it on my phone. I take everything that I written down in my planner and I just transfer it to my phone. So then it's on my phone as well. And one thing I want to remind you when you get a planner and you start, you know, creating a to-do list, you never want to overwhelm yourself. There's a lot of things that you need to get done. There's a lot of things that you should be getting done, but you can't do all of those things in one day because it's not realistic. Not for your mental. So, I recommend at least three, four max of things that you want to do and get them done. Even when it comes to just like going for a walk for 30 minutes, putting that on your to-do list if you struggle with that is key. Do you see how much time you have to actually pour into yourself when you're able to make that sacrifice to wake up at least an hour before the world does? So, if you're not where you want to be, if you're not achieving your goals, if you're not becoming her, it's because you're not willing to make this sacrifice. So, would you like to go work out with me? Let's go. Hey, I feel My favorite activity, it's cardio. It's going outside, getting some sun, fresh air, and being in nature and just running. I'm not sure I mentioned I was intermittent fasting. I usually do that a few times a week. Um I like to break my fast with bone broth. It's great for the gut. So I'm going to drink that now. And then I'm going to juice. These are some of the things that I love adding into my drink. I mix cucumber, kiwi, lemon, and I also do spinach. I'm about to get some work done. I'm working from home today, so it's great to just be able to work in the comfort of my home. I do have an office, but we just moved here, so the office is not fully furnished, and I don't want to rush it. I really want to take my time and design this space how I would like it. So, for now, I work on the dining room table until the office is fully um furnished. I love what I do and I'm extremely grateful to be doing something that I love and I enjoy doing, helping people this way. as a nurse case manager, it's extremely hectic. Like, it's a lot of mental work. But again, that's why I'm able to take some time to pour into myself in the mornings before I can sit here and, you know, let people stress me out because what's going to happen right now, the moment I open my emails is going to be, you know, all the things that I need to take care of, plus patients constantly calling me wanting to know where their nurses are, what you just just so much that happens with uh case managing. So, I'm going to dive into it and give my focus because I honestly feel like they deserve my undivided attention now because I've pouring into myself enough to where I can pour into other people. Okay, let's talk nutrition. This is key when it comes to glowing up literally in every aspect of your life. So, while working, my rice was actually on the stove cooking. I cooked last night. I made this spinach stew with fish, crab, all that jazz. As you can see, I've started being more intentional about cooking at home. I no longer am in the position where I want to keep eating out or spending money financially and for the sake of my health because when I cook at home, I know exactly what's in that food. So, that's something that I also want you to start adding to just like your lifestyle, right? be more intentional and start cooking more at home because you know what's in the food and you know what's going inside of your body. This helps me with thriving. I don't feel sluggish. I don't feel tired. I feel so energetic after eating cooked meals. So, this is going to be my first meal of the day. I actually fasted 19 hours. I'm probably going to show you on my screen. I have this app tracking my my meals. I fasted 19 hours today. So, let's dive in. I'm about to go in, you guys. I'm so hungry. I've literally just been sitting here for a few hours now and my brain is fried. So, let's go get some sun. So, let's talk self-care. Self-care looks differently for everyone. You kind of just have to do what works for you. But something that helps me with thriving and just becoming the version of myself that I want to be is prioritizing me. Is taking care of me. And sometimes that looks like just coming out and getting some sun. Like I've talked about already. Being in the pool or just being in nature, being outside is so important. I think the last time I mentioned that we were actually designed as humans to spend majority of our time outside but that's not something we do anymore because like let's say my job as a case manager I am stuck indoors on the screen until I can deliberately say I'm going to go outside and get some fresh air or be in nature. It's not going to happen. So that's an excuse that a lot of us make, right? We're not pouring into ourselves. We're not taking care of ourselves because I have to do this, I have to do that. Yes, you have to do that. But you can make it work. I've been sitting in front of my desk in my home for hours, but I know the importance of coming outside getting some sun because just being cooped up in my house, even that causes depression. Waking up an hour before the world starts, you don't want to do that because you want more sleep. But when you do it, you see all of the things that I was able to get done because I was able to make that sacrifice. And that's just what it is when it comes to wanting to glow up and changing your narrative. You have to make the sacrifice. You have to get comfortable with being uncomfortable because that's necessary. So push yourself because if you're constantly waiting for motivation in order to do what you need to do, you're never going to get it done. No matter what it is you have going on, you'll always have an excuse. You'll always have a reason to why you can't show up. But you must show up. That's something that I need you to take from this video. Okay. Now, let's have some fun and work at the same time because we can do both. I haven't showered yet today. I know. I usually shower twice a day, but I knew I was going to go to the pool. And today is my ultimate shower where I wash my hair, I shave, I do everything. It's an exhausting shower. So, I just didn't think I needed to do it twice. So, let's go take a shower. And this is another therapeutic session for me. How crazy is this? We spend the entire day together. We started here and possibly ending it here. I'm almost done making dinner, but I kind of just wanted to touch base. My hair is crazy, but that's okay. This is part of being in the house all day and just, you know, being myself. I really enjoyed sharing a few things that I do daily that has helped me with just becoming the woman that I want to be and stepping into that version of myself. I hope that you take, you know, and apply it to a life that is realistic for you and just show up for yourself every day. Let's recap. The first thing I've talked about is the importance of waking up before the world. Whether it's an hour, whether it's 2 hours, just depends what you're willing to sacrifice. Waking up an hour before the world and pouring into yourself, doing the things that you want to do. most importantly preparing yourself for the day. You know, creating a a to-do list of the things that you want to achieve for that day. And the second thing I talked about the importance of saying a prayer before leaving your house, before thinking you can conquer the world, you have to present your plans to God and say, "God, order my steps. Let your will be done." And then I talked about the importance of just like keeping your space clean. I know for me, it's therapeutic. Once I know my space is clean, I am not scattered brain. It helps me to think better. I also talked about the importance of fitness, moving your body. We know by now that, you know, working out is not just to look good. It's the icing on the cake, but it's to help you, you know, feel good. It helps with depression, anxiety. I talked about how lifting weights is something that helps me with forming and shaping my body the way I want. But cardio is where my therapy session happens. I love to run. So, you find something that, you know, you need that balance where you're doing certain things whether you want to or you like it or not, but you're doing it because you know that it's going to, you know, help you become stronger. Especially, you know, as women, it's important for us to lift weights. The older we get, you need to lift weights more than you need to do cardio. And that's something that a lot of us don't know. So, you can do the things that you need to do. you know that you know has to be done. But then you can go and find something else that you enjoy. For me it's cardio. Yours could be simply Pilates, walking, yoga. Find something. But as long as you're active. I've also talked about the importance of being out in nature. I can't stress how therapeutic it is when you can go and get some sun. You know, we were designed to be outside at least 85% of the time. That's how we heal. That's how we are able to be our best selves. But nowadays with the work, I mean you saw today that my job as a case manager is strictly just on the computer. So imagine me just taking upon myself and saying I'm just going to sit here today and stare at this screen because I have to. But no, you don't necessarily have to. You know, you can make the decision to do things differently. you can make the decision to go outside and push yourself to go for that walk after taking some time to pour into myself. It's also important to be able to pour into people. That's where you need to have the balance because you know it can't just be you constantly pouring into someone else but then you're neglecting yourself and it can't just be all about you and then you're neglecting other people. Right? When it comes to wanting to be successful, act of service is important. It's crucial. It's the foundation. You have to be able to pour into other people. So, as a nurse, I'm able to just help the best way I can. And that's why I said earlier that I was going to give my undivided attention to my work because I felt like I've poured into myself enough. I've given all that I could give in that moment and I was going to just take care of other people that way. So, always remember that you need to balance it out. It's never selfish to care for yourself, but you also want to make sure that you're caring for other people as well. I've talked about nutrition. I've started eating more. I've started cooking more at home just because I know what's in my food. You know, it's going to help me from the inside out. It gives me more energy and I'm being more intentional. The junk food, the just, you know, fast foods, that's just not what I want for myself. the life that I've envisioned for myself, the woman that I want to be, do not want to just keep being sluggish, you know, and just constantly just taking junk and putting it in my body. Because the life that you want to live will require you to be healthy. It will require you to show up and be energetic. So, make sure that you're cooking at home. And not only is it great for like health-wise, but it's also great for just like saving and budgeting and not having to spend so much money out because I don't think like every meal I buy out is over $20. I mean, this is just reality. So, it's just like, well, I can go and spend that money, cook something that I know is good for me. And I just I just enjoy it. I'm in this era where I love cooking. I love going into the kitchen and learning new things. And I love just making dinner and having my honey and I, we sit and we just catch up. How was your day? How's everything going? And it's just it's great quality time. So that's something that I've been implementing. I've also stressed on the importance of staying ready so you don't have to get ready. You know, that's like the ultimate confidence booster for me personally is that like I just washed my hair. I look crazy in the house, but I promise you by tomorrow morning I'm shaved. I'm cleaned. When I put something on, I feel my best because I prioritize. I made the time to take care of myself. Taking care of my skin, going to the dentist, whitening my teeth, working out, making sure that the clothes that I wear are, you know, complimenting my body and I feel my best. Those little things that you don't think are a big deal are a major deal and they are going to change your life drastically. So just be intentional. This life that you want, you will have to make some sacrifices. And that's you waking up a few hours before the world wakes up. That's you pouring into yourself. That's you preparing for your day. That's you giving your day to God. That's you being intentional about fitness and and nutrition. And that's you making sure that you're, you know, taking care of yourself. So my whole day has just been therapeutic for me at least. I feel like everything I've done today was just to help me, to build me, to support me, to help me become that version of myself that I want to be. So right now, I'm going to finish making dinner because my honey is going to be home soon. What I usually do around this time is I turn my phone off because I've I've done it all. I've talked to the people I need to talk to. I've poured into the world. Now, it's time for me to recharge and my man helps with doing that. I love you all so much. And I just hope that you see your potential. I just hope that you build a routine for yourself. I just hope that you see that you're capable of anything you want in this world. As long as you make the decision, you put God first, and you execute every single day, the world is yours. So, this is my day of building the life that I want. This is my day of turning my dreams into reality. I love you and I will see you in the next video. If you would like, you can end it here, but I'm going to finish making dinner and you can come with me so we can finish together and you can possibly sit at the dinner table and have dinner with me. If you like videos like this, please again go ahead and let me know that you like it. again. Just put down in the comments like you did the last video that you like it. I'm really trying to do more of these like you know a day in my life so you can see the other side of me just sitting and talking to you. Also, I have a quick question. You're my sister and I need your help. My man said that this mic sucks. He says that he doesn't like the sound. Can you let me know if if this is something that's ticking you off and you think this mic is terrible? Can you please tell me in the comments below nicely? Don't hurt my feelings. And then also, if you have any recommendations for mics, can you let me know as well? Okay, sis. I love you and the world is yours. Okay, have a good night and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThriveByNana [26 likes]: Helpful Glow-Up Tools
💅 The Pretty & Polished Glow-Up Guide
A guide to glowing skin, healthy hair, style, a toned body + more — instantly delivered to you.

📒 For Her Weekly Planner
Designed to bring structure, discipline, and faith into your week.

📞 For Her Glow-Up Call
1:1 call to renew your mindset, build discipline, and create habits that elevate your life.

🔗 https://stan.store/Nanascott
  2. @Mz_essy: I love this❤
  3. @nicoleh8979: Thank you, I liked the video but one thing that was distracting me… you kept saying “ sacrifice” but were pronouncing it circumfice with a “ch” at the beginning instead of “ sac” sound. Just wanted to note it in case it was unconscious. My family is Jamaican so I understand sometimes accents might come into play. However wanted to make sure you were aware.  Take care-
  4. @Baldibaldimore-65: I love this. No Talents wasted ❤
  5. @Royyal_bllush: You are so wonderful and amazing, I was excited when I noticed your a also Ghanaian ❤😊, great content!
  6. @Aloysius121: How can I get more of this kind, specifically about personal life and self-care....?!
  7. @Aloysius121: I love this video
  8. @dreamydesignsbyalia: Hey sis the mic is fine I was able to listen in my headphones and the volume was just right
  9. @MeganR-y7w: Wow! this was genuinely inspiring. It really made me reflect on how I haven’t been taking care of myself the way I should—spiritually, mentally, physically, and health-wise. I kept telling myself that as long as I felt “okay,” it was fine to just do whatever I wanted, but over time that mindset has really caught up with me.

Thank you for putting so much time and effort into this video. It truly means a lot, and I appreciate how you’re encouraging people to grow and become better versions of themselves. It definitely gave me the push I needed.❤
  10. @Unknownuser-f7x: Why all women wants to be baddie
  11. @Sosstyled: dear friend you gained a subscriber, I love how realistic you are, I was sitting at my desk getting ready to start doing some work I had not finished yesterday, I just stumbled into your channel, and I must say we almost have similar routine, and similar interest and focus. Just know I'm here, and thank you ; )
  12. @JessicaPerricaud-x6g: Amen. Thanks
  13. @cdrakeford: Thank you for that wonderfull prayer I really enjoyed your video it was very motivating
  14. @KatharineGounder-n3o: Amen
  15. @divinealchemy2470: Thanku coach ❤
  16. @feminineelegancechannel5095: Sunbscribing because you mentioned God, prayer, and talking to Him.
  17. @acw327: I love the video the softness and narration I’m not for sure about getting in the pool w/o showering..but overall I loved how you told us what you’re doing then did it and also the repetitiveness very important so that it sticks and saying take from this not do as I do it ..very well done and yes I liked the video the mic is good sis ❤️
  18. @makai5778: Really enjoyed this video 🥰 Thank you 💛
  19. @wendygreen2099: Thanks…sound is wonderful
  20. @katgonzalez4805: I don’t believe in your god, so I’ll just take that away from your videos for my sake 😌

- 5AM MORNING ROUTINE: How to build discipline + stay consistent: Kind: captions Language: en think of discipline as a building a structure&nbsp; that is created over time built brick by brick&nbsp;&nbsp; and day by day And even when it's finally&nbsp; built it must still be maintained to stand&nbsp;&nbsp; the test of time Today I'm going to be taking&nbsp; you through my 5:00 a.m morning routine for the&nbsp;&nbsp; spring season and showing you how I will&nbsp; be building discipline every single day&nbsp;&nbsp; Discipline is that bridge between your goals&nbsp; and success And it's not about motivation It's&nbsp;&nbsp; about doing what you said you were going&nbsp; to do even when you don't feel like it Discipline for me starts the moment I wake up Not&nbsp; hitting that snooze button is the first battle of&nbsp;&nbsp; my day and winning it really sets the tone Now&nbsp; for me I get up immediately and I go to hydrate&nbsp;&nbsp; my body Not only does my body need it after a long&nbsp; night's rest but it really helps to wake me up Oh man another small win that I like to go for&nbsp; is making my bed Not only does it give me a&nbsp;&nbsp; sense of accomplishment early in the morning&nbsp; but it just looks good when it's all done&nbsp;&nbsp; A clear space is a clear mind and a cluttered&nbsp; space is a cluttered mind Now during the first&nbsp;&nbsp; month of the 90-day challenge we're working&nbsp; on our foundation And to do that we're just&nbsp;&nbsp; starting with those small manageable tasks&nbsp; waking up an hour earlier increasing water&nbsp;&nbsp; intake making your bed first thing in the morning&nbsp; and staying consistent with that Discipline isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; about drastic changes overnight but it's&nbsp; those small daily habits repeated over time Every morning I do check in with my Lumen&nbsp; first thing just to see how my body was&nbsp;&nbsp; working overnight Lumen is the world's first&nbsp; handheld metabolic coach And with just one&nbsp;&nbsp; breath first thing in the morning Lumen will&nbsp; measure my metabolism and let me know if I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; burning fat or carbs And with this information&nbsp; it will then give me tailored guidance so that&nbsp;&nbsp; I can improve my nutrition my workouts&nbsp; my sleep and even my stress management Before I head out for the gym I always make my&nbsp; pre-workout cocktail which consists of creatine&nbsp;&nbsp; and energy Now by staying disciplined with taking&nbsp; this before every workout it will help me achieve&nbsp;&nbsp; my goal of building muscle and toning up my&nbsp; body One of my three main goals for the end of&nbsp;&nbsp; the 90-day challenge Now as far as eating before&nbsp; the gym it just depends on what my body is doing&nbsp;&nbsp; So I'll check in again with Lumen see if I have&nbsp; enough energy to make it through my workout Lumen&nbsp;&nbsp; has really been able to help me dig into what&nbsp; works best for my unique body by tailoring my&nbsp;&nbsp; nutritions and my workouts so that they work&nbsp; with me and not against me Lumen helps me stay&nbsp;&nbsp; disciplined by focusing on balance making educated&nbsp; decisions around fitness and nutrition and&nbsp;&nbsp; identifying any obstacles that I may face&nbsp; with reaching my goals Now if you're someone&nbsp;&nbsp; who wants to take the next step to a fitter&nbsp; healthier version of yourself just head over&nbsp;&nbsp; to lumen.me/eet or you can click the link in my&nbsp; description and you will receive 15% off of your Lumen Not you but her She's licking me in my mouth Over the years I have really fallen in love&nbsp; with morning workouts Moving first thing in&nbsp;&nbsp; the morning it just builds momentum for me&nbsp; to conquer the day I've tried working out in&nbsp;&nbsp; the afternoons I've even tried working out in&nbsp; the evenings but keeping that fitness promise&nbsp;&nbsp; to myself is just harder for me during those&nbsp; hours So just for my unique journey I have to&nbsp;&nbsp; get it done first thing in the morning Whether&nbsp; it's a full workout a walk stretching a fitness&nbsp;&nbsp; class like I have to do something active And it&nbsp; not only energizes me for the day but it also&nbsp;&nbsp; reinforces selfdiscipline by showing up for&nbsp; myself Like every time you say you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to do something and you don't follow through you&nbsp; weaken your self-rust And as you continue to let&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself down by not sticking to what you said you&nbsp; were going to do you you start to not believe in&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself anymore And what's worse than letting&nbsp; down people that you care about it's letting&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself down So discipline is really doing&nbsp; what you said you would do even when nobody is watching Round two One Yeah Yeah When you're building discipline when you're&nbsp; working towards goals when you're focused on&nbsp;&nbsp; priorities it's not just about the work In order&nbsp; to get the work done you have to have the energy&nbsp;&nbsp; to do it I notice a major difference in my&nbsp; productivity levels if I skip breakfast I am&nbsp;&nbsp; more easily distracted more irritable even less&nbsp; optimistic sometimes Fueling your body properly&nbsp;&nbsp; is essential when you are building discipline&nbsp; focusing on your goals Go ahead skip the processed&nbsp;&nbsp; foods Go for the whole nutritious foods for a&nbsp; while A good breakfast fuels your focus fuels&nbsp;&nbsp; your energy and it just cultivates a productive&nbsp; mindset Discipline with your diet It doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; mean depriving yourself of the good stuff Like a&nbsp; lot of things are okay in moderation So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of thinking "Oh no I can no longer eat my favorite&nbsp; breakfast," create a reward system for yourself So&nbsp;&nbsp; start small Tell yourself "Mday Tuesday Wednesday&nbsp; I'm going to focus on having a nutritious&nbsp;&nbsp; breakfast before I leave the house Thursday I get&nbsp; to eat my echo waffles." And honestly your reward&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't even have to be food Like it could be&nbsp; the new shoes you wanted It could be a self-care&nbsp;&nbsp; night It could be oh I had a nutritious breakfast&nbsp; this morning I am treating myself to Starbucks&nbsp;&nbsp; Like one of the best ways to replace a bad habit&nbsp; with a good habit is by setting up a reward system This is one area in my morning routine that&nbsp; I will really be focused on during the 90-day&nbsp;&nbsp; challenge I'd say it's my weak point in my&nbsp; routine A few months ago I got this planner&nbsp;&nbsp; It's called the one-day planner I just started&nbsp; with it on April 1st and I really look forward&nbsp;&nbsp; to writing in it because of the way that it's&nbsp; organized and structured You know discipline is&nbsp;&nbsp; not just physical it's very mental So I do take 10&nbsp; minutes in the morning to write down affirmations&nbsp;&nbsp; what I'm most grateful for my top priorities of&nbsp; the day what my intentions are and this keeps&nbsp;&nbsp; me focused on the bigger picture so that I'm not&nbsp; just busy during the day but I'm productive and&nbsp;&nbsp; actually getting one step closer to my goal Now&nbsp; by starting my day knowing how it will be spent&nbsp;&nbsp; I have the confidence and the faith that my&nbsp; actions today will benefit me later You know&nbsp;&nbsp; when you're working towards discipline you have&nbsp; to take it day by day When we look at our goals&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes they just seem very intimidating and&nbsp; overwhelming and we end up psyching ourselves&nbsp;&nbsp; out And the only person that can trick you&nbsp; off the streets is you Never forget it You&nbsp;&nbsp; won't always feel motivated You won't always&nbsp; be perfect But when you show up consistently&nbsp;&nbsp; even at 50% it is better than quitting Discipline&nbsp; is about keeping that momentum going day by day more time I think Before I get started with my work I do take a&nbsp; quick moment to review those top three priorities&nbsp;&nbsp; that I just wrote down an hour ago Now doing this&nbsp; keeps me intentional Um I review my week at a&nbsp;&nbsp; glance at first just to make sure that it aligns&nbsp; with what I have planned for the day And something&nbsp;&nbsp; that has really helped me stay focused in general&nbsp; like not just with work but with my goals is&nbsp;&nbsp; eliminating distractions Like your environment&nbsp; plays a huge role in your ability to stay&nbsp;&nbsp; disciplined You want to be disciplined in your&nbsp; diet then you should eliminate those unhealthy&nbsp;&nbsp; snacks in the pantry You want to get personal work&nbsp; done or you want to learn a new skill You have&nbsp;&nbsp; to set a start and end time Design a workspace&nbsp; that promotes focus and put that phone on do not&nbsp;&nbsp; disturb that creates boundaries to protect your&nbsp; time and energy See I like to work in two-hour&nbsp;&nbsp; time blocks And during that time I'll put my phone&nbsp; on D and D No social media notifications no texts&nbsp;&nbsp; no calls just locking in Like discipline is not&nbsp; something that you are born with It's something&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to build Every small action compounds&nbsp; over time Start your mornings with intention and&nbsp;&nbsp; watch how your life will change The way that I&nbsp; spend these first few hours in the morning it&nbsp;&nbsp; just really determines my day Whenever discipline&nbsp; feels hard all you have to do is remember why you&nbsp;&nbsp; started Write down your goals and visit them daily&nbsp; so that you stay motivated even when you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; feel like pushing forward Now for those of you&nbsp; that have joined me in the 90-day challenge what&nbsp;&nbsp; is your main focus during this first month like I&nbsp; know we have the list of rules and everything but&nbsp;&nbsp; what is that one thing you're focused on the area&nbsp; that you struggle with the most that you really&nbsp;&nbsp; want to improve let me know in the comments And if&nbsp; you haven't joined the challenge yet you're ready&nbsp;&nbsp; to build discipline you're ready to transform&nbsp; your life it's not too late You can start with&nbsp;&nbsp; us today I will leave the details for you in the&nbsp; description And I hope you guys found this video&nbsp;&nbsp; today to be helpful If you did don't forget to&nbsp; like subscribe turn on your notifications so that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see more content on how to be your best&nbsp; self And I will see you guys in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @itskayladanielle [2 likes]: My problem is that Im a nurse that wakes up at 5am 6am-6:30pm for work and a student with a full schedule. I wish I can do this, I get 5 hours of sleep if I’m lucky 😭
  2. @sistermawunya6475 [1 likes]: Hmmm. How I wish I am financially fit to do these. God have mercy on me.
  3. @sichtbarfurallenutzer779 [1 likes]: I wake up at 5am and My first thought is, F…my life but ok let’s go 😂
  4. @Asthetic-Elly: This routine is so good! ❤
  5. @Vivian_Moeketsi: I’m truly inspired. I love this ❤
  6. @BetterYou-tvy: i learn a lot here
  7. @RAYOFHOPE-xu9uy: Oooh sis thank you for this❤❤
  8. @Liz-jw9rf: Omg the yawning!
  9. @Bianca.Roxana: I love your outfit! so classy and feminine
  10. @BossChickTisha: All of this yes but instead I start with God then everything else 🙏🏽
  11. @SusanOdomin: Such a great video to watch.
  12. @MeghanathPasawan: One of the clearest explanations I’ve seen.
  13. @EldaLargo: Very impressive work here.
  14. @ItsAmaniNia: I need discipline bad thank you for this video
  15. @shhdnshd: This deserves way more views.
  16. @HfygKutf: I enjoyed the clarity of this video.
  17. @Sakib-u6p4x: Thanks for simplifying this topic.
  18. @ConaseLinser: Can’t wait to see more.
  19. @Deborah-k4c7t: A clear and effective explanation.
  20. @JF-jf7gb: Really well presented.

- SOFT LIFE DISCIPLINE: My Sunday Reset Routine - Ep. 1: Kind: captions Language: en Sundays, the only day of the week that represents both the end and the beginning. That one day that we aren't caught up in the hustle and bustle. For me, Sundays are about alignment. It's my time to reset, reconnect, and prepare to show up as the woman I am becoming. There are three ways that I like to prepare for my week, and that is by focusing on my nutrition, my appearance, and planning and scheduling my most important tasks. I invite you to join me today as we slow down and prepare for another week ahead. And without further ado, let's get into today's video. Hello, happy Sunday. My name is Evette Renee. If you are new here, welcome to my channel. I think you will love it here. We are all things routine, productivity, discipline, while still enjoying life. We love the soft girl life, and you can't have soft without structure. Remember that. Now, for those of you returning, thank you for your continued support. You guys mean so so much to me. So, thank you so much. Now, today, Sunday, we are prepping for the week. I haven't done a Sunday reset video, I feel, in a little while, but I'm doing it this week and I want to do it with you guys in case you needed some inspiration and motivation to just prep and and you know, plan ahead of time. On today's agenda, we are going to meal prep. I didn't meal prep last week, but I'm meal prepping this week. We are going to plan out our week. And I'm talking like just my tasks for the week. I'm going to show you guys. Um I I'm starting to use Notion. I have a template and everything that I've been using. So maybe that'll help. It really streamlines and literally has everything in one area. It is currently 2:20. I've cleaned today. I went grocery shopping. Like we're on track, but I want to do the rest with you guys and then I want to be done by 6:00 p.m. because I have to put a quick weave in my hair. Um, a part of me preparing for the week, especially as an African-American woman forc hair, you know the vibes. Our hair can be such a challenge. And I find that when I have a hairstyle that I have solidified and planned on for the week, I feel good. Like, girl, I'll do anything as long as my hair is done. I don't even need to wear makeup for real, as long as my hair is done. So, we're doing all things prepping and preparing, and we're going to do it together. So, let's go ahead and get started. Now, before I meal prep, I have to eat. There are two things that I don't do without eating first is grocery shopping and meal prepping because I will be eating the food that I'm preparing for the week and we don't want to do that. So, today I am having Sam Sam. Today I am having some parmesan and garlic cream shredded beef with some herb roasted potatoes and some buttered broccoli. No, I did not make this. I told y'all I didn't meal prep last week. I had to order factor. factor is it's convenient for me. It helps me stay on track with my nutrition and my health goals when I'm just not in the mood or I don't have time. And last week, I'm not going to lie, I wasn't in the mood. I didn't want to do the grocery shopping. I didn't want to do the cooking. I wanted it delivered to me. And I love Factor for that. They are a meal prep delivery service. Meals delivered right to your door. Fresh, never frozen, chef crafted, dietitian approved. So many different like meal types or diet types to choose from. This week I did get a plethora of stuff. I have like three more meals left. In addition to their meals, I did try their breakfast smoothies. Well, I use them for breakfast. They're not necessarily breakfast smoothies. They do have breakfast, though. But I did order their smoothies. Now, if you're someone who you don't have time, you don't feel like a meal prepping, Factor is definitely your go-to. Super easy. You just open the box or, you know, take out the pack, take the food out of the box, pierce the hole, pop it in the microwave for like 2 minutes, and it's ready to go. I like to put mine on a plate because one, it's easier to eat on the plate and it just looks better, right? I haven't had this, y'all. This week I had fillet. I had a um I ordered a vegan meal that I'm going to have for dinner tonight. I'm actually really excit excited about it. It's this spiced peanut tofu. My mouth is watering right now because this is in my face. Now, if you're anything like me and sometimes you just don't have the time and you want to give Factor a try, I will leave a link for you in the description or you can head over to factor75.com. Use code 50 EVET and you'll receive 50% off of your order plus free shipping on your very first box. Again, factor75.com. Use 50ET. That is my code and you will receive 50% off of your order plus free shipping on your very first box. Now, before I started to be consistent with meal prepping, I had the hardest time eating healthy. You know, when you're hungry, you're not really in the mood to prepare anything. You just want to eat. That's what makes fast food so attractive. It's fast. It's ready for you. Nutritious food takes a bit more time to not only prepare, but to make it appealing to our taste buds. Now, yes, meal prepping makes eating healthy more convenient, but it's more than convenience. It's nourishment, discipline, and selfrespect. I choose to make meals that fuel my body because how I feel determines how I show up. And what you eat has a tremendous impact on how you feel. Now, when I prep my meals in advance, it's like I'm giving myself this gift of time, peace, and clarity. I'm eliminating decision fatigue around food. I don't want to worry about what to eat. I want to focus all of my time and attention on the other things that matter in my life that get me closer to my dream life. Now, as someone who has high living standards but still appreciates a minimal lifestyle, I'm always looking for ways to make healthy eating more affordable. So, this week I incorporated canned meats, high in protein, low in sodium, and low in price. Overall, I've come up with a system for meal prepping that significantly cuts down my prep time, and I get everything done within a 2-hour window. Now, I'll start by cutting up all of my veggies, the ones that have to be cooked, as well as the fresh veggies that I'll be needing throughout the week. I'll then go on to cook my starches and my vegetables. And then I'll end with cooking my meats. Now, since I ate canned meats this week, I didn't have to cook much meat. And to make meal prep more fun, I do create a menu every week just to give myself variety and not get bored with eating healthy. Now, starting with my breakfast options, which I don't prepare in advance. It's a part of my morning routine. Option number one, I'm having a Greek bowl with protein powder, fruit, chia seeds, and peanut butter. The yogurt and protein powder and chia seeds are my protein sources. The fruit is my carb and fiber source. And the peanut butter is my source of fat. Now for breakfast option number two is going to be smoked salmon on top of avocado toast with two eggs on the side. I did use sourdough bread as my carb source. Eggs and salmon are my protein source. And the avocado is my healthy fat. And this was really, really good. I did use the canned salmon for this breakfast. And I was really pleased with the taste. It tasted just like the smoked salmon I get at the grocery store. And I also did use the Yuka app to see if the canned food was okay to eat. And it gave me the green light. So that was exciting. Now, as for lunch, my options this week were anchovi pasta and a salmon bowl. Both meals, I did use canned meat. Now, for the pasta, I only use a few ingredients. The protein pasta that I just showed you, anchovies, breadcrumbs, garlic, and parsley. Now, this was my first time ever eating anchovies, and it was so good. I think sautéing it with the garlic took away that overpowering fish taste. Now, it still smelled fishy when I ate the meal, but I really enjoyed the taste. Um, this was about 30 g of protein, so high in protein. And again, I did yuka the can of anchovies and it was approved. [Music] Now, for my salmon bowl, I cooked the rice, the cabbage, and the edetamame beans during my meal prep. And then when it was time to eat, I just added the fresh cucumbers, green onions, canned salmon, some Sriracha mayo sauce, and sesame seeds. This meal was so filling, but it didn't give me that, man, I'm stuffed feeling. You know, we're not supposed to have that feeling. When you eat, you're supposed to have your hunger satisfied instead of being oversted or feeling stuffed. I think that feeling stuffed is a sign of overeing. Now, for my dinner options this week, I did no carbs. Um, this beef and veggie skillet was the first one. Super easy to prepare. Um, I did get the meat in a pouch and it actually had a score of 100 on yuka. No additives, no no high sodium. None of these canned or pouched meats were high in sodium, which was my concern. Um, and that was really, really good. I probably would have made the pouches separate, but I'll do that the next time around. And my second dinner option was a chicken salad. So, I made salad jars. I put olive oil and lemon juice for the dressing on the bottom. And then when you make the salad jar, you put the warm wet food that you know can't really get soggy at the bottom. So I did do the cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, olives, u mixed greens, arugula, and then I topped it with the chicken when it was time to eat. Um this was my first time doing the salad jar, but I like it. Very, very easy and convenient. Now, in addition to my nutrition, my appearance is very important for me and not for validation either, but because I feel most powerful when I am polished, when I am put together, when I'm feminine and intentional with how I present myself. So, that's my hairstyle, my outfit, my makeup, my perfume scent. All of those things reflect the woman that I am choosing to be. And I like to keep in mind that I'm not dressing for the day. I am dressing for the future that I am manifesting. So, doing my hair ahead of time um satisfies that. And while I do invest in professional services, I also feel it's important to know how to do my own hair because there are times where I will be unable to get my hair done professionally. Now, this is my second time doing a quick weave on myself. And while it is not perfect, I did make some improvements from the first time that I did a quick weave on myself. And I chose to do a quick weave because this is a look that doesn't require you to be skilled in doing hair. And if you already have the bundles, it's not expensive to do. You know, making do with what you have, being resourceful, I think that helps you get to the next level without elevating feeling like it's a burden or an unattainable task. Um, I did watch a few videos on YouTube of it, gave it a go. And one of the things I think you have to be comfortable with with elevating in life is not being perfect when you're learning or trying something new. And just having that confidence that over time with practice, you will get better at whatever it is you are setting out to do. As you can see, I had some hiccups. Um, and I'll certainly have trouble taking it out, but I won't have as much glue in my hair as I did the first time because girl, I definitely learned my lesson with these quick weaves. Now to put the cherry on top, it is time to plan my week. Now, I did have to wait until Monday morning to do this because by the time I finished my hair, it was like 8:30 and I just wanted to wind down for bed to get a good night's sleep. Now, for me, planning is being proactive. I don't wait for the week to happen to me. I want to plan it. And to do that, I write down my intentions, my priorities, and my habits. Now, this helps me to stay consistent and stay focused on what aligns with my dream lifestyle. Now, in the past, I have always planned my weeks the old school way with pen and paper, but I'm working on transitioning to digital planning because it keeps things very organized and all in one place. I did make a planner template in Notion, and it's only right that I call it the That Girl Planner. Now, first off, I start by writing down all of my tasks for the week. I write down my time-sensitive tasks, and I also have a section for the important, but not really time-sensitive tasks. For my sensitive task, I do put completion dates next to them. That's one of the things I've been loving about this digital planning thing. I can make compartments and areas, you know, just to be more streamlined and organized. Now, once I have written down all of my tasks that I want to get done, I'll then plug them into my Monday through Friday scheduling. Um, it's not enough for me to identify what I need to get accomplished, but to also designate a specific day for things to get done. Doing that really helps me achieve my goals in a timely manner. Now, once that is complete, that's pretty much the bulking of my planning in advance. Now, in addition to planning my week, my day-to-day, I also have a section in here to track my bills and my finances, an area for my meal planning, and an area to plan my workouts ahead of time. Being in control of these areas in my life really gives me a peace of mind, and it helps me stay on track with things. And I'm really loving the idea of having everything in all, you know, all in one place. You know, planning the week isn't about doing more, but it's about doing what matters. Mapping out goals, setting priorities, and making time for the habits that will elevate me. I hope you were able to take away something from this video today that will help you set up for success week after week. And always remember, if you stay ready, you don't have to get ready. I will see you guys on the next video and thank you so much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @itsevetterenee [12 likes]: Use code 50EVETTE to get 50% OFF plus free shipping on your first Factor box at https://bit.ly/3OotWof!
  2. @hsmithTre [3 likes]: Sis, you said take Holly to lunch and I was like where we going 😂😂😂😂 love the idea of a digital planner!!!
  3. @Time4change111 [2 likes]: Your content is excellent. Thank you ❤
  4. @Dinqnash [1 likes]: This was a very helpful video. I've been using Sunday's to reset and meal prep, but I've recently lost focus. You have given me some new ideas to get back on track and keep at it.
  5. @anelisa_mkhwanazi: ❤❤❤❤❤
  6. @ЕкатеринаШабунина-ч1ю: ❤❤❤
  7. @iamashleylbrown: You are gorgeous! Thanks for a great first video.
  8. @Jimmy23tat: I can’t believe I saw this whole video, I’m just looking for ideas on peoples channels so I can start my own soon, and I saw yours and really hooked me to watch it from the first minute, I think it was how easy it was to read you and the way u talk solft and nice, so all that made me watched till the end, so i learned something from it for sure, u doing really good keep it up!!!
  9. @jaraebolton5806: Is your digital planner available online?
  10. @lilir5181: Tu pelo natural ya de por sí se ve hermoso ❤ Yo sufro de migrañas, no duele tener las extensiones ?
  11. @mindlessppl1: Yasss loved this
  12. @chereeseking8412: Great tip regarding the canned meats!! I am going to check that out because that would make meal prep more convenient. Is there a monthly fee for notion? You are so appreciated❤
  13. @angelarobinson5261: Great content and meal prep!
  14. @АннаХеврингова: It’s not healthy to eat food which you made couple days ago
  15. @win-didi1254: I love your content ❤can you put a link to where you purchased your pots?
  16. @SupremelyBeautiful: Really loveee❤ your content
  17. @evelynjones3263: Hello❤
  18. @ChrissyRenaye: Love the setting very therapeutic and calming 😌 ☺️🫶🏽
  19. @fruitsarelife7073: ❤❤❤❤❤
  20. @LightofFaith111: Love Love this Video🥰✨New Subscriber to stay🤗-Can you give Tea on the hair you have in this video and where to find..So Cute.TY

- Dr. Shannon Ritchey On Optimal Fitness Routines To Stay In Shape & Myths About Health & Fitness: Kind: captions Language: en When you have more muscle mass, everything else kind of falls into place. Without the protein, you're not going to build lean mass because of this conditioning that we've had in the fitness industry that if you lift a weight, you're going to look like a man. It is very difficult for most women to build muscle. Why are there so many women that are so scared of the word weightlifting? Or is it two words? Both the words weightlifting. Women are scared of it. And I notice it even when I bring it up on my own Instagram stories, I get hit with resistance to it. Like Yes. people are like, I don't want to get bulky. I feel like you're the perfect person to ask this to. Well, I think there's so many things that come to mind. Number one, I think it's all marketing. I think that historically fitness has been women need to be as small as possible and women need to lean down and tone up and lifting weights will make you look like a man. So, I think we are trying to get away from a lot of that history behind why women should exercise in the first place. So, I think that's the first thing. I think secondly, women are afraid they're going to get bulky because of this conditioning that we've had in the fitness industry that if you lift a weight, you're going to look like a man. First off, it is very difficult for most women to build muscle. You have to have a very structured routine, which we can get into that. You have to lift with a certain amount of intensity. You don't necessarily have to lift super heavy weights, which I think is another reason why women get afraid of trying to build muscle because they think they have to lift super heavy and do these compound lifts that they see at like you know, in the men doing in the gym. And so, they shy away from doing it at all when really there's an in-between where you can lift a moderate amount of weight. You don't have to do heavy compound lifts to build muscle. And you can approach it from more of like a gentle low impact standpoint and still continue to build muscle and change your body composition. And a lot of women if they start to do that, they're they end up being really happy with how they look on the outside because when you have more muscle, your body composition change. So, the ratio between fat and lean mass changes. So, you fit better in your clothes. You you are stronger. You improve your insulin sensitivity. It's just I I really think that it's the stigma that we if we lift heavy weights, we're going to get bulky within a matter of weeks. And truly, for me, I body re-compositioned the last like year. So, I gained muscle and lost fat at the same time. It's called body re-composition. It's a little bit of a slower process, but for me, it took me an entire year to gain 5 lb of muscle. The whole year. Wow. what's so funny is like as a man, when I broach the subject with the women in my life and they tell me they're worried about bulking up, I'm like, do you understand like I've been training for like 20 years trying to get bulky and you're like, it's hard. like they they come out and they're like, well, if I do this for like even a few months, I'm just going to get so big and bulky. I'm like, it is so hard to put on muscle. It just doesn't happen that way. It's so hard. And I think that women so, what happens sometimes is women will build muscle, but they won't be losing the fat on top of the muscle. So, they'll feel overall bigger cuz they're gaining overall mass even though their body composition has improved. Their ratio of lean mass to fat mass has improved. Um but they feel like they're overall bigger. So, that's where diet comes in and cuz a lot of people lean on exercise I think way too much to like lose fat and lose weight and they're not being considerate of how they're eating. And so, they're gaining fat cuz they're in a calorie surplus and they're also building muscle. So, they feel bigger overall. So, I think it's kind of two separate conversations that you need to have with yourself is like, how am I eating and then also how am I training to build muscle? I also think women in particular not to be sexist here, but they're afraid of the scale and when you start adding more muscle and then the scale goes up because the muscle weighs more than the fat, you think, oh, I'm gaining weight, which in my opinion is not a bad thing if you're building lean muscle mass. It's going to weigh more, but they see that scale and they go, oh, this like something's going wrong. The scale is going up, not down. I weigh more now than I ever have, but my body composition is the best that it's ever. And I honestly I truly don't weigh myself very often at all. So, I don't really know what I weigh, but I know that I have more lean mass than I ever have. So, I'm sure I weigh more than I ever have. What I noticed since I started lifting and eating more protein is that I feel like my body did did like a shrink wrap. Yes. Like it feels like everything You'll feel tighter when you have more muscle. Yes. Yeah. It's way more fun in the bedroom. It's way You do you feel tighter. Don't you think? yeah. Yeah, you feel stronger. Like What are you doing in the bedroom to lift lift yourself Well, on the trip we just went on all different kinds of things. I don't know She she knows it. I'm on the ceiling like Cirque du Soleil. in the bedroom now, she just picks me up and carries me around. No, I don't. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Please. Lauren's just like squatting him while they're Picking you up in the bedroom. You're going to have to find someone else to do that for you. So so, I think that the conversation of protein, it sounds like it's just as important to this weightlifting because it's what what we're eating. Can you talk a little bit like about that? Yeah, and I think that so, first off, I always say my formal education it I'm formally trained as a physical therapist and so, I feel adequate I feel like I have the credentials to be able to talk about exercise. I'm not formally trained in nutrition. So, I don't have the formal training to like give advice about nutrition. I can say what's worked for me and I can say like what I've learned over the years from talking to registered dietitians and talking to experts about nutrition and from experimenting with myself. So, when it comes to nutrition from what I've learned, protein is your best friend. And if you are not when I started tracking my protein, I noticed I was eating like half the amount of protein that I should and I was like, no wonder it's so hard for me to gain muscle. I'm not eating near the amount of protein that I should be eating to build muscle. And so, when you increase your protein, it's also very satiating. You feel like you're going to eat a lot. So, you're not like grazing all the time cuz you feel like you're eating a large amount of food. Um that is what allows you to build lean mass. Without the protein, you're not going to build lean mass. Your diet and your exercise have to both be dialed in order for you to ultimately see muscle growth and physical results. So, what do you think the right amount of protein is? Is there like a scale that you live and die by? For me, I and again, different experts say different things and I'm never giving nutrition advice, but for me, what's worked is I try to eat 1 g of protein per pound of body weight. Now, what if people are trying to lose weight, that's going to be and they have a lot of weight to lose, that's going to be a lot of protein. So, what experts I've heard say is 1 g per pound of ideal body weight. You can go as low as like 0.75 g per pound. Um but I like to shoot on the higher end because then on the weekends when I'm probably not getting as much and I'm like a little looser with my nutrition, then it kind of evens out a little bit. But for me, I have a hard I know Lauren, you've said you've have a hard time building muscle. I have a hard time building muscle. So, I feel like I have to be on the higher end of that protein scale in order for anything to happen in my body. let's say like just like a rough example of I know again, this is not your your area of expertise, but if you wanted like 130 g of protein, like what are some examples of what you would eat throughout a day? Cuz I think some we've talked about it on the show and people write in and say, well, like that's a lot of protein. Like how do you even get that much protein? Yeah. I'm not going to lie. Like I try to eat the whole foods. I try to do like I do a lot of shrimp, chicken. I eat all the meats. I eat a lot of Greek yogurt. I eat a lot of cottage cheese. I do smoothies. But I'm not going to lie. Like it is hard and I'm busy. I'm running a business and I do a lot of protein powder, honestly. Or I'll do protein bars. Like What's your protein powder and protein bar pick? I like um actually Peyton just gave me this um suggestion, Just Ingredients protein powder. It's really good. her. Have you checked Yeah. I don't I have never tried her protein powder, but I like love her Instagram account. That's the one I always look at. Oh my god. She's tells you what toothpaste to have. She tells Yes, I send it to you every second. sure it's the same person with the same It's every single toothpaste I changed is toothpaste. I changed your detergent. I changed every single thing that you've haven't noticed. Yeah, I don't know what's going on. got to This hair gel is like the most toxic thing I've ever seen. I'm still working on that. But Just Ingredients, amazing. Okay, and what about for bars? For bars, I'm a little bit of like I don't really care as much. Like it's about the convenience. So, like the taste doesn't matter. So, I'm looking for high protein like relatively low calories. For my protein bars, honestly, I like the Kirkland ones. Like I know Peyton does not like those. Um they I think are good cuz they're like 21 g of protein and like around 200 calories. Um which again, that's what I've heard from dietitians is great for a protein bar. You're looking for around 20 g of protein and then overall low calories. So, how much protein powder are we talking a day? sounds like So, I'll give you Okay. So, I'll give you an example of like if I want 160 g, what I'll typically do is I'll have like four to five eggs in the morning, which is a lot. I'll have um what is the Mark Sisson's um collagen peptide protein? It's like 10 g. Yeah. I'll have the yogurt, which is like 10 g. If you have a chicken breast, call it 50 and then a steak like 50. So, you're roughly like starting to get there, but it's a lot. And if you need to supplement then like maybe you do 20 g of a protein scoop or a protein bar. How much protein powder do you have a day? I probably have like maybe once. And I don't do it every day. But probably about like I probably What I do for dessert, which I love, it cuz I'm a big dessert person. I have to have it like every single day. I'll do Greek yogurt, a scoop of protein powder, and then just like fruit and like a little bit of honey on top. It's really good. Or a little um dried coconut on top. It's really good. That sounds really good. Um so, I'll probably do that like once a day, maybe. Sometimes I don't have protein powder if I get enough from my food. Um I found a protein powder hack if people don't like protein powder. Chroma Wellness has the best matcha. Like I'm obsessed with it. It's so good. I'm drinking it right now. And it has 10 g of protein in a scoop. So if you do two of those itself does? Yes. It has It's like protein matcha, but it's like spicy matcha. I would drink it if it didn't have protein in it. It is so good. Oh my gosh, I'm going to go get that. And if you also don't like protein powder, like just like the taste of it, using I like Ritual protein, but you can use it in and make like protein oatmeal. Yes. Because sometimes I have to like dilute the protein, and to make a whole smoothie is a whole to do. It is. And then you got to clean the blender. it's a whole thing. So I'm like just put it in the oatmeal, like let's go. Do less oats. I mean I try like a matcha-y flavor in the oatmeal? the matcha in the oats. So Ritual protein in the oats, and then matcha I drink. Got it. Got it. And the matcha, you guys, so good. So at what point in your life did you discover resistance training? Was it Were you always weight training? Or was there So yes. So I have been weight training since I was in physical therapy school. However, that was a time where I was a more is better type of person. I was weight training, I was doing high-intensity classes or I was teaching fitness. So I was teaching these high-intensity classes. I would usually go to a couple yoga classes a week. I would do what I think a lot of like modern women are doing, thinking that that's what you need to do. I'm going to go to I'm going to do ClassPass. I'm going to do this class and this class and this class. And far overtraining, breaking down my body, felt horrible. I had chronic pain all over my body at the age of like 24. I remember like my husband and I would go to a restaurant and we'd be like, "We He'd be like, "Well, we can't go sit at the bar cuz like your back hurts too bad. Like we got to sit at a booth." And I'm like, "I'm 24 years old and I feel like I'm 85." Like it was bad. And I remember as a practicing physical therapist when I first started and I was going through this myself, I was telling my patients who were struggling with the same thing, "Like this is just the price you pay to like look good. Like to look fit." Like I would tell people that, cuz that's truly what I believed, cuz I didn't have the education behind more less less is more, structure is actually what's going to get you far better results, and you don't wear down your body in the process. So I started lift I was lifting weights I want you to stay on that for a minute, cuz I think a lot of people that are new to resistance training and they start up for the first time, they get excited about it, they start to get the endorphins. They're like, "Wow, this is a new feeling." And then it leads to overtraining. Yes. And I'm looking to my left because just get intense with everything, I guess. Well, because I I feel like people they get It's like a psychological thing. They get this No, I want you to talk about more about overtraining. You should stay on that. some point I think a lot of people do this. And then it ups your cortisol, like yes. becomes counterproductive. So like I think people that are seasoned weightlifters recognize like, "Okay, like three to four days a week is like honestly enough." Truly, less is more when it comes If you are giving your muscles enough stimulus in your actual sessions, you have to trust your body to come in and repair that. And you have to give your body enough recovery, otherwise you're just going to spiral yourself into chronic inflammation. You're going to end up not building muscle because your body's not going to build the muscle if it doesn't have the proper recovery. So I think that's one thing that people don't understand. They're like, "I want my glutes to be bigger or I want to like tone my abs or I want to tone my arms." And so they'll do arms every day or they'll glutes every day. And that's the last thing you need to be doing because you muscle grows in recovery. Muscle doesn't grow You break it down in the workout. It's growing in the recovery. And after you stimulate a muscle in a workout, there's a process of acute inflammation that happens. And during that acute inflammatory process, there are certain molecules that are cleaning up and trying to heal the damaged tissue that you damaged in your workout. And this acute inflammation causes a decrease in neuromuscular activation. So it literally causes the muscle to be weaker and at greater risk of injury. So people will not understand that, thinking that they need to go do more and more for my glutes, and their glutes don't have doesn't don't have time to recover. So they're undergoing acute inflammation. You're loading your glutes again when they're weaker and more vulnerable. It leads to injury. Your muscles aren't actually able to repair cuz they don't have enough time. So it becomes this like chronic cycle. So if you were to have like your perfect world, what is a great workout schedule for the week? So when you're looking at There's a few things. So you want to look at your schedule as a whole, and then you want to look at what's inside each workout. And so when you're looking at programming as a whole, I like to recommend working each muscle group one to two days on non-consecutive days. So working like glutes on Monday, and then not working glutes again till like Thursday, and then being done with glutes. And then you could do that for like every muscle group in your body. So So give us from Monday to Sunday. Yes. Okay, so I'll say like what we did this week. So if I can remember. So upper body on Monday. So let's say we're working like We usually work three muscle groups. So like chest, upper back, shoulders or something. And then Tuesday would be lower body, like glutes and quads. Wednesday would be core focus. So like core, and then maybe we throw in like triceps or something. Thursday we'd come back to glutes again, and then work some other muscle group, like maybe glutes and biceps. Friday would be we're coming back to quads again. We're working quads, abs, all the things. Yeah, but what How do I do something different? I want you to call me out. what you'll do is you'll just I'm doing exactly the perfect prescription. five, seven days in a row, and I feel like it's counterproductive. Okay, five days in a row. But it's counterproductive. You don't get the rest in. saying is if you're going to train, do different areas every single day. You can split it, yes. You can split it. train five days in a row. Yes. I I do train five. But I do think that if you're going to train five days in a row, take off two consecutive days. Because those two consecutive Sometimes I don't do that. He's right. Okay, that's fine. Because that's that's repair time. And not only are you going to see better results cuz your body will physically repair the muscle that you damaged throughout the week, but it really helps you stay consistent because take off Saturday, Sunday. Always. Always. And will you like walk or move or do cardio? Yes, yes, yes. I'll usually just walk or like we'll hike or I'll play golf or like tennis or something like that. We try to be active. Like I want to I don't want to say that's total rest. But some days there's just if I'm like drinking too much the night before, like I don't do much. And it's okay. And it's so having this understanding that taking recovery days is actually productive makes it so much more fun because you have no guilt. What was the epiphany for you that made that switch? What was the light switch moment? Yeah, so I came upon it on accident, honestly, because I just thought this was going to be my life forever. Like if I want to look good and be fit, even though it's so ironic. I way better body composition now than I did then. Um but I was like, "This is just going to be my life. Like I'll just have to be in my PT's office every single week. I'll be having to get massages all the time. Like this is just going to be normal." And um when we moved We moved from Kansas to North Carolina. My husband went to Duke for grad school. And um I stopped my routine. Just like with moving, sometimes it's like you just fall out of your routines. And so I stopped exercising for like 2 weeks. Not on purpose, just like trying to get settled, whatever. And after those couple weeks, I was like, "I feel amazing. Like my body feels so good, and I'm not exercising. Like what's going on here? This Shouldn't exercising make you feel better?" I was like, "My energy feels better. My joints don't hurt. Like what the heck is happening?" And so at that time it was kind of the perfect catalyst for me. I started to dive in more into like biomechanics and like the physics of exercise and understanding I honestly studied some bodybuilding stuff. Because um honestly, bodybuilders know how to build muscle. Yeah, they do. They do. And um I I take and leave things, obviously, from bodybuilding, but I started to study some some of the physics behind exercise and learn some of that stuff. And I was like, "Oh my gosh, my body feels so much better. I'm training way less, and I'm starting to see better physical benefits." If I have learned anything in the last 2 years from so many podcast guests, it has been the importance of building muscle, especially for women, and especially as you get older. But a lot of women don't want to do heavy squats, and they don't want to swing around kettlebells. And I get it. You don't want to fry your nervous system. I I for one like don't want to raise my cortisol. And on that note, I have something that you can do at home that is absolutely amazing. It combines Pilates, yoga, and weightlifting into every single class. So you're building muscle, you're melting fat, and it is called Evlo. First of all, the instructors are all doctors of physical therapy, and they give you such specific cues and instruction on which muscles you're targeting and how to intensify the work. I also love that everything is built around your nervous system. So while you're building muscle, they're also being really strategic about not pumping cortisol into you. So it's not like some boot camp crazy class. You can do it from the comfort of your own home. And everything they do is gentle consistency. And this to me is where you really see the effects of fitness. Finding a program too that doesn't overstress your system and also build muscle at the same time is super rare in the fitness industry, but this one is online. You can go to Evlo, and you can start learning from their instructors, and you can feel the difference. It's so popular on Instagram. So many people have had incredible results. I think you guys should check it out if you want to do something that builds muscle, but doesn't fry your nervous system. Evlo is giving our listeners 1 month free. So, no excuses. You can use code skinny at checkout. Visit evlofitness.com to learn more and try their membership for 30 days with code skinny. Work out smarter, not harder. Go to evlofitness.com and use code skinny. You get a free month. We are in San Diego for half the summer and I had to pick very thoughtfully what supplements and wellness essentials that I was going to send out here. And one of the things that was like a no-brainer was Sakara's wellness drops. They have two that I love. It's the detox drops, they're chlorophyll. I put them in my water. Michael always says I have 800 drinks. One of them is chlorophyll water, always. And the chlorophyll is just so good for the blood. I think it helps with cravings. It like gives me energy. I just love these drops. And then they also have these other wellness drops beauty drops. And these are minerals, which is such a great way to start your day if you want clearer skin or boosted energy. Minerals are so important and we've learned about minerals throughout so many episodes of these podcasts. And we've learned all about minerals through the Him & Her Show. You've seen so many people from Andrew Huberman to Organic Olivia to Robert Slovak come on here and stress the importance of minerals. So, those are the two wellness drops that I do from Sakara. Sakara brings expertly designed organic nutrition programs and wellness essentials right to your door. That's why I like it. So, you can literally go online and order their science-backed ready-to-eat meals that deliver results that you can see and feel. From weight management to easing bloat to boosting energy and clearer skin. But if you want some really great meals, like they have these ready-to-eat plant-rich meals, check those out, too. And right now Sakara is offering our listeners 20% off their first order when they go to sakara.com/skinny or you can enter code skinny at checkout. That's sakara s a k a r a dot com /skinny. That's sakara s a k a r a dot com /skinny to get 20% off your first order. sakara.com/skinny. So, what are you waiting for? The Skinny Confidential Him & Her podcast is brought to you by BetterHelp. We've had so many high performers on this show talking about multiple facets of life and how they find performance, longevity, health, wellness to live happy, productive lives. And in that toolbox for many of these high performers, if not most of them, is therapy. The problem is therapy has not always been accessible to everybody. You have to go find a doctor, you have to drive to an office, and sometimes it can be really expensive. Why I love this platform so much is you can do this all from the comfort of your own home, which means you're already in a comfortable state of mind. You're already in a comfortable place and you can find the therapist that's right for you. BetterHelp is all online directly from your home. Anyone that's interested in therapy, sharing their thoughts, sharing their feelings, talking through an issue, really just working through any kind of problem or dilemma in their lives. This is an amazing platform to get started with therapy right away, like I said, from the comfort of your own home. So, therapy is all about deepening your self-awareness and understanding because sometimes we don't know what we want or why we react the way we do until we talk things through. So, if you're thinking about starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Let therapy be your map with BetterHelp. Visit betterhelp.com/skinny today to get 10% off your first month. That's betterhelp.com/skinny. Again, go ahead and visit betterhelp.com/skinny Check it out. Well, there's like a lot of things that we accept as norm that is just that makes no sense if you were to like pull the microscope back and be like, if you're a young adult and you have back pain, that's not normal. Like people but so many people have it and they think, oh, this is just normal, I'm supposed to have back pain. It's like, no, you don't have any muscle. You're you have no muscle in your lower back and probably none in your glutes, either, right? It's like It's it's a hard truth to face, but people like running around, being in sedentary positions all the time, and doing training that doesn't build muscle, like that's why most people are in pain. But nobody's telling them that. They're like, oh, no, I have back pain. It's like, no, you just have no muscle. They have no muscle because they have no structure around their workouts and they think that a hard, sweaty workout that leaves them in a pool on the floor is what they need to do to be fit. Or the music's playing so loud that you can't you can't even concentrate and there's bright strobe lights and someone's yelling at you to go faster and lift heavier and Blow my head off. This is like the cortisol that is I I can't. I mean, I want like I want bossa nova playing with like outside calm like energy. I don't want a ton of people in the gym. Like I feel like the curation of the experience of how you're working out is equally important. 100% because if you are so distracted, you're not thinking about, okay, this is my deltoid. It does it moves this bone to this and I need to contract it more. I need to improve my neuromuscular awareness to this muscle so that I'm A not going to hurt myself and B I can recruit more what's called motor units within the actual muscle and get more out of the exercise that I'm doing. So, it's just so counterintuitive. People think that like I need to go faster, I need to get like more reps in. It's like, slow down. Let's be more intentional with how you're moving. So, improving that neuromuscular connection is going to allow you to recruit more motor units within the muscle and actually get more stimulus out of what you're doing. And what a lot of people do is they'll go they want more in each exercise. So, they're like, I want this exercise to work my glutes and my shoulders and my abs. And so, they'll be doing like burpee, overhead press, squat, burpee, back, squat, overhead press, like all these complex movements that are hard for sure and going to make their heart start pumping out of their chest and but it's not stimulating any one given muscle very significantly. So, you're really not going to see much change in your body. It's going to be good cardio, but there's other ways to get cardio that are probably less damaging on your body. Are you're referring to like boot camp ask workouts? Yeah, yeah. And everything I see on Instagram, which is like, this exercise targets everything all at once. And it's like, when something's too good to be true, it probably is. And if you're trying to target everything at once, you're spreading your work out so that nothing is really getting very significant stimulus. So, it's actually not very productive to do it like that. I also notice as people age, if they're not building muscle, they almost look How do I say this nicely? Um they They almost you start to look like crepier skin cuz your skin and you can explain the science behind this. This is just what I see. Crepier skin. Um there's like it's not that that that the word isn't fat. It's just like they they start to sort of look um like a dementor sucked like from Harry Potter, like sucked something out of them. Can you talk a little bit about that as you age, why it's so important to build muscle? Yes. And this is it depends on like why they're looking that way. A lot of people will look that way because of like just overdoing the cardio and this might just be overstress on their body that's causing oxidative stress and oxidative stress leads to increased aging. Like physically, you will see increased wrinkles, gray hair, all those things from actually doing too much and stressing your body out too much. And then there's the other side where it's like people are just too stationary and they're not doing anything at all. And obviously that can cause insulin resistance and all the things that lead to aging. So, when it comes to muscle, I think one of the I Muscle obviously has so many metabolic benefits in our body. Improving insulin sensitivity being one of them, which I don't know if you guys have really talked about like in detail what that means. Like okay. We've touched on it, but not in detail. So, I'll try to go all the way to the basics. And if I'm being too basic, let me know. If you're like, yeah, yeah, we know this. So, when you eat, everyone hears about like insulin sensitivity, insulin resistance, like what does that really mean? When you eat, you have molecules that get broken down from your food and travel throughout your bloodstream. It's called glucose. And this elevates your blood sugar. And this elevation in blood sugar is fuel for your cells to do their thing. And when your blood sugar increases, your pancreas secretes insulin. So, this insulin is kind of like the gatekeeper that lets glucose into the cells so the cells can use the glucose. So, when you have increased blood sugar, you also have increased insulin. And what happens is when you have chronic chronically high blood sugar levels due to overstress, eating a lot of processed foods, different certain things can keep your blood sugar elevated for chronic periods. Then you have chronic levels of insulin. And this can cause insulin resistance. So, your cells there's too much insulin around, your cells start to become desensitized to this insulin, they're not able to use it as well, and so it can cause all sorts of metabolic issues in your body. Well, one way that muscle can influence your insulin sensitivity and make you more insulin sensitive and therefore improve every single process in your body cuz insulin touches every single cell in your body. It's one of the rare hormones that does. When you can when you can gain muscle, you can improve your insulin sensitive and insulin sensitivity. Are you guys following? I'm following you. No, but when I got pregnant, I gained so much weight with Zaza. Like I gained 60 lb. And when I went to a specialist afterwards, she's like, your your insulin sensitive like it's off it's off the charts. Then I started lifting weights and it's gone. And the reason for that is because muscle is a great source of glycogen storage, glucose storage. So, when you have more muscle, you have more places for that circulating glucose to go. So, instead of that circulating glucose going to fat, it now is able to be stored in the muscle and the muscle is able to use it. So, that's how like indirectly gaining more muscle can improve insulin sensitivity. And if you have but tell me if I'm wrong. I'm probably wrong. If you have your insulin sensitivity that's not managed, it gives you greater chance for diabetes. Is that correct? Yes, insulin resistance can lead to all sorts of metabolic diseases the big four killers. is so annoying though? When they told me I was insulin resistant, instead of saying They A doctor. Okay. Instead of saying go lift weights, Mhm. this is something that you can manage yourself, they said, "Here's Metformin." Of course. And my intuition told me I looked at the bottle. I remember like picking it up and everything. I was like, "What This is What What am I going to take this for the rest of my life?" I didn't have the tools to know that lifting weights and adding more protein I could solve it myself. It's so crazy that they're just like, "Here's a drug." The critics of this show, which there's only like one or two in the entire world, Yeah, right. Um they like sometimes are upset when we will call out like Like I I believe I'll just say this candidly, there is a place for medicine in the world, of course. But if your first step is to jump directly to the medicine before you fix your diet or fix your, you know, your exercise routine or fix your sleep or all of those things. If it's just like jump to the medicine first, then you're doing yourself a disservice and I disagree with practitioners that go to that as the first as the first result, right? As the first place. their patients Yeah, because Let's Maybe this will be a band-aid for now to get you through, but like let's also do the lifestyle things to so that maybe you can get off this medicine hopefully. Yeah, like if my buddy comes to me and he's got a big beer gut and he's like, "Oh, what do I do? I'm like sad and I'm depressed and like I I can't get laid and I can't like, you know, and I got into a fight with my wife." I'll just look at him and be like, "Listen, dude, you're fat and you're sucking and you got to get in the gym, get your sleep together." That's how I would talk to my friend, but I have to come on this pod and be like, "Oh, well, you know, sensitive, take the medicine." But like It's like, "No, like you got to do the You got to get your life together." And some people need to hear that. No, but I mean but this we have the kid gloves on with everyone's like, "Oh, I'll just take the medicine." It's like, "No, you got to get your together." people want to take the medicine, take the medicine, but know all the knowledge before you do that. Understand what's going on in your body and the reason if Like I don't think anyone explains this kind of thing. Like I didn't We weren't taught this stuff. Like I had to go research this and learn what insulin resistance is and cuz I was also insulin resistant when I when I was going through this over you and I looked like thin and lean. And so many people that like look good on the outside can potentially have some form of insulin resistance. Um so, building muscle is is It's not the only way to improve insulin sensitivity. I want to say that. What are some other ways? Diet and nutrition. Um and I think like overall No one wants to hear that. But I also think managing your overall stress too because cortisol and insulin resistance are related. So, when you have high levels of cortisol in your body on a chronic level. Cortisol is not bad, by the way. Like we just want it We want it to come up and then we want it to come down. But a lot of us in our hustle culture to do more more more, not taking charge of our emotional health, not sleeping enough, not doing all the things, we have chronically high levels of cortisol. And cortisol's role, one of its roles in our body, is to queue up get get you ready to like run or fight. So, when you need to run or fight, you need to use your muscles. And so, what cortisol does is it pulls blood sugar out of the muscles and the liver to so that your cells have more available fuel to run or fight. So, this increases blood sugar and therefore increases insulin. So, this is how stress and insulin resistance can be related. I keep this journal and it's like not a lot I'm not like, "Dear diary every day." But I keep this thing just to kind of figure out like how I'm thinking at different periods of my life and I I was going through there today and I was like, "Oh, the the times in my life where I've been the most stressed or the most panicked are the times when I've taken the longest breaks from exercise." And I think like we're talking about mental health here and and so many people struggle with it, but it's like I have a feeling if the high majority people had a strong fitness routine or a weightlifting routine, that would do so much to combat mental fatigue or stress or depression. But again, we go straight to the medicine and we don't go to So, I guess what I'm saying is those periods of time when I was looking back I was like I correlated I was like, "Oh, those are the times when I haven't been training. I've been the most stressed, the most anxious, like all of those things." I think that the conversation of nervous system regulation is just so not talked about enough. It's not and it's not understood very well either. And it's It is a big When you I think we talk about a lot like we're training our muscles for sure. We're training our cardiovascular health, but we can also train our nervous system, which is really cool and that's something that I I like to talk about and educate about. I think it's super interesting. Please do. Please. So, okay. So, you have Again, going to go back to the basics here, but you have your your your nervous system, your body, and within your nervous system you have your autonomic nervous system. This is your sympathetic, your fight or flight, and your parasympathetic, your rest, digest, and heal. And we want these two systems within relative balance to be nice and healthy. And a lot of people are high on the sympathetic end, like what I just talked about with all the circulating cortisol and overly stressed and not high enough on the parasympathetic end. And so, they end up having all these symptoms like tired all the time, mood issues, mental health issues, they can't sleep, they can't connect to people in their relationships, all of these things. exercise there are certain tools that you can use within your actual workout to help train your parasympathetic nervous system. Train the side of your nervous system that will come in and heal the damage from your workouts, that's going to make you feel better, that's going to help balance certain processes in your body, help with cell clean up so that you don't have chronic inflammation, all of those things. So, one of the best ways to do this and something that I think everyone should be doing after their workout is a workout even if it's like low intensity, will spike sympathetic drive a little bit. Will spike that fight or flight just a little bit. Just the nature of exercise is what it does. Not bad. But the best thing we can do following our workout is to queue our parasympathetic nervous system to kick on so that we can recover faster and so that we're not in this fight or flight state continuing on throughout our day. So, one of the best things that I recommend everyone do after their workout is just some breath work, honestly. Easy breath work. We include shavasana, which is like where you just lay there at the end of every single workout. long is it? It doesn't have to be long and you'll find that the more you prac- Like sometimes it's 30 seconds. Sometimes it's 3 minutes. I mean, you'll find that the more you do it and the more you practice it and you guys both do you guys both meditate. It gets easier as you practice it because you're training your you're training your parasympathetic nervous system. So, you'll find that once you practice it more, first there's like a lot of resistance to it. You're like, "I don't want to be here. I don't want to be still." Like you get anxious. And as you do it more, you'll find I'm able to relax easier. I'm able to switch between the sympathetic and parasympathetic branches really easily, which is really cool. That That is so such good advice, I think, to have that balance. I think that I was just telling Michael, I do this thing called flossing. It's like where you get your fascia stretched, but you meet it with resistance stretching. So, you're pushing when she's stretching your fascia. Interesting. Um This woman is amazing. Her name is Cayta. She's at The Road. And I go there twice a week and the second I go in and she like touches me, my body completely relaxes. And it's probably because it's such a good what you were just saying. Yeah. It's synergistic to weightlifting. Yes. Um but but I totally agree with you. I like crave it because it it balances out the lifting. Yes. But some people just get so accustomed to being in that sympathetic drive state all the time that they don't even know how to get out of it. They don't even know they're in it. Oh my god, Michael, flossing. I'm telling you. For people that are listening to this and they're overwhelmed like easy for you guys to say you're weightlifting, you're doing this. It's not to us it's maybe a natural conversation, but they've never done it before. Like you work with a lot of I'm assuming mostly women, but men as well. Like how do you start easing people into this form of exercise? Like how do you get people comfortable and not over cuz I think from the outside I can imagine you come into a gym with all these weights and there's all these people slamming around and it becomes really intimidating and overwhelming and you're like, "I'm never coming back again." I think for a lot of people, going back to the conversation that we had initially, a lot of women are thinking that there's going to be a heavy barbell on my back and I'm going to have to do squats and Not that I'm saying that those are bad or that you shouldn't do those, but that's not the only way. Our workouts like we're on the floor a lot or we're using a wall or we're using external support, which you can talk about how that affects the nervous system here in a moment if you want, but um it doesn't have to look like I'm doing PRs and grunting in the gym. Like people think like Gold's Gym, that's intimidating. I don't want to do that. You can do it at home. You can get a set of dumbbells and you can start working your muscles and you can build muscle. I haven't done a heavy squat in years. So, if you were to prescribe to to everyone in the world five things to do, like five pillars, what would what would you say if you could wave a magic wand? Yes. Oh my gosh. I have So funny. It's like you know my content. I literally have five basics that I talk about. And they all do revolve around building muscle because I think that when you have more muscle mass, everything else kind of falls into place. Right. Um This is why we wanted to have you on. Yes, I truly do believe that um cardiovascular health is obviously important, but if you have to pick one thing, have it be your strength training sessions because you can't separate cardio and strength training. Like you're going to get cardiovascular benefits from strength training as well. So, cuz your muscles don't know the difference whether you're sprinting at 100% effort or whether you're lifting a weight at 100% effort. They just know there's increased demand for blood and oxygen, so your heart and lungs have to work harder. So, that's people think that they have to do all of it separate and at some point you do want to add cardio to your routine, but you can get benefits from strength training. So, the five things the five kind of pillars that I think about when it when we're talking about how to build muscle. The first is programming. We talked about this getting really specific with which muscle groups you're working on which day and giving yourself enough recovery. I think just one of the biggest mistakes people make is just bouncing around to all these different workouts. They're going to one workout on Monday that's working and their core and their arms and they're turning around doing the same thing on Tuesday. Same thing on Wednesday. So, having structure in your routine is one of the most important things for building muscle. Um so, that's programming. The second is exercise selection. So, this is looking at getting really specific with how you're loading muscles and this is kind of a a lot of what I took from bodybuilding principles and when I started applying it I was like, "Oh my gosh, my joints feel so much better." Cuz I'm someone that I can't do heavy squats. It just kills my back. I just I've tried I tried for years and years and years and I was like, "I just can't do it. It just hurts my I can't do heavy overhead presses. It hurts my shoulders." So, when I found that there was other ways that you can choose exercises that load muscles really specifically and result in muscle adaptation. I was like, "Oh my gosh, my body feels better and I'm seeing results." So, that's exercise selection. It goes back to another thing we were talking about with like if you're going to a class and they're filled with just random exercises, like that's not really going to do much for your body. You have to be really specific which with the exercises that you're choosing. So, there's that. Interrupt me at any time if you have any follow-up questions. I love this. Okay, great. And then the third is So, programming number one, number two exercise selection, number three is nutrition. Okay. Number four is recovery. And then number five is progressive overload. So, progressive overload means that you're slowly adding more resistance or volume as you get stronger. When you talk about nutrition, dive into what a day looks like for you. Let's It doesn't like I don't want to say a perfect day, but an ideal day. Yes. So, I will say that I like to view nutrition as the weekdays I'm pretty it's pretty easy for me to like be in a habit on the weekdays. The weekends, I mean my life has kind of changed recently, but the weekends I'm a little looser. Like I don't really track. I like we love to go out to eat. I like my margaritas with a speck of agave. I You sound like me. This is like the same thing every single day until it hits Saturday. And then Saturday you go buckwild. I know. I know. I mean it's like that. I I Listen, we got one life to live and I want to enjoy the foods and the fun cocktails. So, although I didn't drink for like 2 weeks up to this interview cuz I was like I wanted to be fresh and clear and I cannot tell you my anxiety has been so much more manageable. It's so annoying. It's so annoying. Well, we just got back from a bender, so just I was like, "Are you guys jet-lagged or of seven days of drinking all day long every single not. I mean I mean I'm just starting to feel better. we'll do is a similar thing. It's like we will go like have nothing for a month or two and be like super disciplined. just let the wheels fall off, man. if we I like to live my life like that. Yeah, if we go to a fun place and a bunch of our friends are there, we're not going to be like, "No, we got to like stay I got Yeah, we were up till 4:00 in the morning the other I know a lot of gosh, you guys are just such fun parents. No, we never do that though. It's like not a lot. It's It's here and there. what's once in a while we got to remind ourselves that we can like still hang even though we can't. I love this. But I think like you know, I I say this on all the time. Like I've met a lot of very successful people in different walks of life. That could be in business or in health and fitness, but like I would say the high high majority of those people are people I would never hang out with socially cuz they're boring as hell. And like you you can't you have to have fun in life. Like you don't want to be the richest guy in the room or the fittest guy in the room at the expense of being the most boring guy. Like you have to have fun. We recently had this top scientist on the podcast. His name was Kyle and he is the president of Delavie Sciences. And this is a brand that was created by a very famous Harvard biologist and longevity expert who also is the co-founder, David Sinclair. I'm sure that you guys have heard of him. He's very popular on Instagram. But they created this company and it's a skin care company, but they combine technology and natural elements to create really elevated skin care. I got the chance to try it. It's like this age-defying serum, which is wild and everything about it is proven to boost hydration, reduce free radicals, and even stimulate the gene that regulates aging. So, it's like very high-level stuff. Basically, Kyle the scientist came on and talked about Bacillus Lysate and this is the first biological cosmetic to be certified by the Space Foundation. And I personally learned so much about reducing fine lines and wrinkles, protecting the skin's moisture barrier, and even improving elasticity and firmness. But mostly what I got out of it most as a skin care fanatic is I learned about fighting the impacts of aging and what you need to do. And I think that this is like a very high-level brand of skin care. If you want to take your skin to the next level and you want to mix technology with science, this is the brand for you. I'm currently testing out their products. I'll let you know how it goes. In the meantime, you can visit delaviesciences.com to receive 25% off your first order of Elonia Age-Defying Serum. You can use promo code Skinny at checkout to receive your discount. Okay, this is how I know that Branch Basics works. I have been traveling. So, I traveled last month and now we are in San Diego and what they have been cleaning with in the places that we've been in is not Branch Basics. I'm not joking you. I got in bed the other night and I had a rash and I honestly think it's because of the products that they're using because when I'm at home in my house using Branch Basics, I never get a rash. Here's the deal. If you want non-toxic, hypoallergenic, free of fragrance, free of hormone disruptors, and harmful preservatives, you got to check out Branch Basics. I changed my entire home in Austin to a non-toxic environment by switching to Branch Basics. I like this brand so much that the house that I'm at I ordered Branch Basics to the house and I'm only cleaning now moving forward with that. Like I literally harassed them and was like, "I need Branch Basics in San Diego." So, I'm obsessed. I like their premium starter kit. It will provide you with everything you need to replace all your toxic cleaning products in your home. I feel like this is a no-brainer. It's a no-brainer for me now even when I travel. Like I want to bring it with me. I just have noticed such a difference in my well-being and my kids' well-being and even my pets. Everything is baby and pet safe. If you suffer from eczema, rashes, allergies, asthma, make the switch to Branch Basics. I am so in love with this brand that I'm even asking the founders to come on. So, you can save 15% and get free shipping when you use code Skinny at checkout. That's branchbasics.com use code Skinny. Thank you for saying this because I've been really like struggling with this with alcohol because like the less I drink the better I feel in all facets. The more productive I am. I'm like, "What am I doing with all this time?" I'm so productive. Now I have all this time. What the heck? But then I'm like, "Man, I'm kind of struggling socially." Like I feel like it's just for me alcohol is like a it's a ritual that like it's time to like relax and and I think I need to work on that. Not even alcohol, but I can't be at a dinner table when someone's like, "Ooh, I can't have that." I got to say, "Listen, you're not invited, buddy. You're not invited. It's over. I'll see you in the podcast studio. We'll do but like we can't we can't hang." Yes, if you're not going to have a bite of the dessert because you're like worried about it throwing off your macros, like no thank you. So, go back to what you're eating on an ideal day. Okay, so um so, weekdays I and I've gone back and forth with like fasting and again, not nutrition advice, but fasting is super contentious. Like I feel like there's it's some people swear by it. Some people think it's the worst. For me, it's really works for me. Like cuz I like to eat big meals. I like to eat a lot when I am eating. I don't like to just eat small meals. So, um a lot of times I'll I'll fast in the morning and then I'll have a big lunch. You guys are going to be like, "What is this?" No, I love it. You get get so weird. I I get I I get weird, too. My followers know this and literally they're like, "You need to be sponsored by Big Sardine because you you love sardines. You love sardines." I love They're so good for your skin. They're so And they're a superfood. It's like I swear by sardines. when I get a Caesar salad? Extra anchovies. Yes. I love them. too. I I thought they're the same. Are they the same or they're different? no. They're different. Caesar salad is anchovies. I like both. Yeah. Small fatty fish are like supposed to be really good for you. Yeah. I Howard Stern did a whole thing years ago where he's like his dad was like healthy and thriving and living for a long time is that it was like blueberries and a bunch of sardines every day. Really? That was like his thing. That's what he a if I smell like fish, either. Deal with it. Like my skin's glowy. Okay, so go on with your weird meal. Okay, so sardine You will love the sardine salad if you don't already eat it, Lauren. It is start canned sardines, which by the way, you don't even have to cook. You literally just like flake them into your bowl. Celery, apple, pecans, and I do Greek yogurt. Is that everything? How much sardines are we talking? And I get the ones from Costco. They're so good and they're I mean, I think they're wild caught and like organic, all the things. And um it's high protein, super satiating. It's an acquired taste, but I always say if you like tuna, you're probably going to like sardines. Um and it's so easy. I I am like the worst cook, like the worst cook, and I also am a little bit of a garbage disposal. I'll kind of like eat whatever. Um so, it's like super convenient and super healthy. I will eat if it makes my skin grow. Like, I I really will. If you told me dog if you start doing that, we might have other problems, cuz I will eat anything, Michael, and I mean anything, anything, to make my skin grow. And you know what? You're right, it is an acquired taste. Yes. But once you start eating it, you're like, "Eh." And then you see the benefits of the skin. It like comes out in your skin. I'm all for do you doing wild exploratory stuff. You start eating we're out. I'm out. Me and the kids are packing up, we're out. We're done. You could just package it in pill form and just take it like that instead. Okay, so so go on. So, you So, ideal day, you're you're you eat lunch first, because you're fasting. Yeah, I usually eat Are you drinking coffee? Are you having lemon water? Are you drinking tea? It's Talk to me. Oh, no, Michael. No, Michael. Everyone wants to know what she eats for a day. yes, but when you say you're fasting, this is like a morning You're not like doing days. Yeah, give us No, no, no, sorry. I'll I'll eat at dinner, and then I'll I just want to eat till And this isn't always. Sometimes I wake up and I'm really hungry, and I'll just eat. So, are you drinking coffee before this? I'm a big coffee What? Are you having milk in it? I usually do either black coffee, or I'll get a latte with like um with skim milk. Okay. Which is high in protein, which is great. Another way to like sneak your protein in is milk. Um and I And I I think like there's certain people that say like milk breaks your fast. I'm not so concerned about like the fat like holding the fast and like do perfectly fasting. It's more just like convenience for me. And like usually I'm just not hungry until lunchtime. Again, not saying that this works for everybody, but Then you have your sardine salad. salad a lot. Like, I'll have that like four times a week, I'm not going to lie. And then um dinner is like I We do a lot of bowls, like shrimp bowl with like rice We do a lot of rice and then a protein and vegetables. And in bowls and then sauces. Everyone likes We do We do both brown and rice and white. I'd like a rice bowl. You could make me one. good. Like, a salmon rice bowl with like some sriracha. I'd like that sounds good. A rice bowl sounds good. What do you guys do for dinner? Oh my god. I do a hamburger with no bun all the time. Yum. No bun. Like cheese and like or just hamburger? full hamburger like with pickles and mustard and all the things, but no bun. We're doing a lot of chicken lately. A lot of chicken with hot sauce. Let's switch it up. Van Balzarian gave us some chicken with Frank's hot sauce on it, and I saw that meal. I was like, "Is that good?" It's really good. It was really good because of the Frank's hot sauce. Yes. And the sauce is everything. Everything. it, cuz I'm not a big chicken eater. I ate it, and we had had dinner afterwards at Italian restaurant that I was so excited to go to, and I couldn't eat the Italian food, because the chicken filled me up so much. So, I was like, "Fuck, this is why everyone eats chicken." of bodybuilders, like I mean, this is you know, it's boring, but it was it's like a protein source. Chicken and rice. Rice, broccoli. Some brocc like it that's just like the That was the thing, and it's like You know, it's boring, but it works. with no bun. It's like I got to like live a little. Oh, totally. And And like yeah, you're not going to stay consistent with something if you absolutely hate it. Right. And I think like we do a lot of sauces, which I think is the secret. Like Bitchin' Sauce Have you guys had Bitchin' Sauce? Bitchin' Sauce. Bitchin' Sauce is awesome. We do a lot of like hot sauce or like Greek yogurt. And then if you're going to drink on the weekends and let loose and pop puss, what are you drinking? Um margaritas. Margaritas. I do the And I'm going I do the um Casa Amigos tequila and lime juice, and I'm always say this wrong, Cointreau. Cointreau. Cointreau. What's What is some pushback that you get on Instagram? Cuz we all get pushback. What What do people say when they're pushing back? People get really upset that we don't that we don't do heavy compound lifts. Why? Like squats and deadlifts and stuff like that? and deadlifts. Um because people get get upset, or why do we not do it? Both. So, we I have found through my experiences as a physical therapist, as a practicing physical therapist I'm no longer practicing, and myself that a compound lift is sometimes hard for people to do correctly, especially at home. And they end up hurting themselves, or it hurts their back with no trainer present. It hurts their back. There's There's a lot of moving parts in a compound lift. And so, and when you start adding a bunch of weight to that, and people just have a hard time It It For a lot of people, it doesn't feel great. And so, what the research what the literature is saying about muscle growth is that you can do heavy compound lifts, but you can also do what they call isolated lifts. You can't technically isolate a muscle, but more targeted lifts, like targeting one specific muscle at a time instead of trying to work everything at once. And both of those routes can lead to hypertrophy or muscle growth. So, choose the route that you can stay consistent with and that feels better on your body. For me, I like to do targeted lifts, because I feel like I get more out of each lift, because I'm like, "Okay, all I'm focused on is my deltoid right now. All I'm focused on is my glutes right now. All I'm focused on is my quads." or whatever. And get that muscle close to failure, which is important for muscle growth. Um and then move on to the next muscle, instead of doing an exercise that just has too many moving parts. So, that's why we prefer to do more targeted lifts instead of compound lifts. Um but there's a lot of like, you know, there's a lot of dogma in the fitness industry, and people think that you have to do that. And if you're not doing it, it means you think that it's evil. And I'm like, "I'm not saying heavy squats and deadlifts won't work." I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that there's other ways that might be more comfortable and might be more sustainable for you. No, but you're right. If you do do those movements wrong, you could potentially really put yourself out. Yeah. I herniated a disc doing a heavy squat. When you walk into a gym and you see all these people working out, what are little things people are doing that you're like, "Oh my god." It's like cringey. Oh my gosh, what Where do I start? Tell us all all the little pet peeves you have, cuz I bet you walk in It's like It's like as a content creator, if I go and like look some like you see things that maybe like it's not a normal person wouldn't see. What do you see? Yes. So, first off, it's been like so freaking long since I've been to a gym. Like, I can't even remember. Okay, let's put it this way. The gyms on Instagram. on Instagram. There we go. on Instagram where you're like, Oh, this trend is driving me insane. The whole like core stability will snatch your waist. Have you guys seen this? No. Okay. So, maybe I'm to see it now. My phone's looking. I'm probably being targeted, cuz I'm like, "This is driving me up a wall." First off, it's clickbait. People are like, "This exercise snatches your waist." You can't spot treat fat, so people think that But that's what it sounds like. It sounds like, "If I do this exercise, I'm going to like look lean and tight." And it's like, "Well, leanness is mostly diet. That exercise might improve your muscle mass there, but it's not going to like snatch you necessarily." And so, there's this whole movement in on Instagram about like, "Do core stability and stop doing crunches." And that's just kind of driving me crazy, cuz I think it's just a trend, and I think it's clickbait. What else on Instagram? Um Um cycle syncing is an interesting one. Cycle syncing. Yeah. We've had someone come on the podcast to talk about this. We've had multiple people I need to listen to it. Say your real opinion, please. Okay, so um I think I think I like the premise of it. I like the idea that you're you're leading with your intuition and how your body's feeling. Um and you're not just doing a workout because it's on your schedule, even though you feel like ass, and even though your hormones are like all, you know, uh doing different things to your body. Um so, I like the idea of kind of grading your workout, depending on how you're physically feeling, cuz I think as soon as you start wedging yourself into workouts that your body is like screaming, like, "I need a rest day." or I need to do less today, or I need a deload day, that's when you're you get hurt. Um or you burn yourself out. So, I think um I like the idea behind it. However, I do think it's a little bit misguided, because when we're talking about building muscle, like we said, routine and consistency is are the two biggest things that you need to have with a muscle building routine. So, if you are doing cycle syncing, and let's say, during your period, you are just doing yoga and Pilates, and then week two, you add in lifting, and you add in hit, and then week three, you're you do only hit, and then week four, whatever. I can't even track when my period's coming. You want me to like track all the It's so much information. It's so much It's so much. And it's also like you're not So, then you're not lifting half the month. Like, you're not you're not progressive Progressive overload is one of the basic total sense what you're saying. So, you're not So, can you cycle sync while still continuing to progress? Yes, but I would say, when you just listen to what's going on in your body. So, that's the first thing is like, you can still cycle sync by just grading it back like pulling back a little bit on the days where you feel like, "I don't have an ton to give today." Still lift the weights, but maybe you just don't maybe you do less sets, or maybe you do less reps, or maybe you drop the weight a little bit. But you're still showing up, and that way you're at least maintaining what you have. Um and then number two, I think the other problem I have with it is that people think that during your period is when you actually need to scale back. Sorry, Michael. I'm talking about period girl stuff. It won't be the first, not the first. It won't be the last. Um during your period him that he's not a real man if he doesn't have sex with a girl on her period. I actually think that just like Yeah, I think if a guy is scared of a period, like you you go go back to sixth grade. I go down there right now. That's immature. Oh, why don't want to have sex with you cuz you're on your period. It's just like you're so immature. Don't you think that's immature? No, I completely agree. I completely agree. Who cares? Also like when I first started dating him I said I find it really immature when a guy's grossed out about a period. No, it hasn't been an issue. I'm just saying in my past with other guys I think it's so immature when they're like oh my god you have your period. I And it's because men don't understand really what it is and what's going to happen. Like they they think it's going to be a crime scene. They're like fainting at blood. Grow up. I'm the one that has to deal with it. Close your eyes and stick it in and like go cry to your mom. Sorry that was just like a joke. If I get called to the majors I don't care what's going on. I'm I'm ready to play. That's the energy I need. Yes. Okay. So when you're on your period the mainstream advice is to like go hug a tub of ice cream and sleep on the couch and do yoga and pilates and do do nothing. But ironically when you're on your period is hormonally when you're closest to a man because your hormones are dropping during that time. So for a lot of people we've been conditioned to believe that we're like more fragile when we're on our period. We're more tired, we're more lethargic, we need to do less. But in reality it's actually a great time to lift. It's a great time you cuz you can recover faster because your hormones are are lower. So um Interesting. It's but not everybody again it goes back to like just take out what you've been taught about and like how you've been conditioned about like the female cycle and how do you feel? Like I feel amazing when I'm on my period. The week before I feel freaking awful. Like and I'm in a moody syncing just like a word that people made up? Do you know what I mean? Like is it It's totally a trend. It's this is trend. I think people make it more overwhelming than it has to be. It's like more more protein, lift weights, get your electrolyte it's like it to me it's like it seems like we've over complicated something that's actually pretty simplistic if you break it down. Well the fitness industry is hyper commercialized. So everybody's looking for a way to differentiate themselves right and so it's like okay well this is the new trend like let's and it's like honestly it's not that complex just take care of yourself. If you need to scale back a little bit one day cuz you feel awful do that. Everyone in the whole world correct me if I'm wrong needs muscle as they age. Yes. Okay. Like so there you go. So let's let's train. Now that said you can do what's called we call them reset weeks. So every 8 to 12 weeks of consistent training you're showing up and you're doing your program for 8 to 24 weeks consistently more or less. Um you can take a week off or 4 to 7 days off exercise. Look at me we just took a week off and blacked out for a week. But you know like That's your wellness. No but that's good advice cuz when I went back to the gym You're stronger. I feel yeah I was like on fire even though I was jet lagged I'm like feel great. recovered and you know like So that makes a lot of sense. There's some science behind this. When you take time off science has shown that for some reason when you're consistent with exercise and lifting your body gets desensitized to certain anabolic pathways. Anabolic means like the the building process. So for some reason and I I don't know if the research knows why this happens but with some consistency you start to get desensitized to certain anabolic pathways. So when you take a week off 4 to 7 days off about every quarter or so um that time off helps to resensitize those pathways so you can come back feeling stronger. A lot of times what people do is after they've been on vacation and they haven't exercised they come back and they're like whoa I feel way stronger or like I can feel my muscles contract like in the first rep. Like what's happening and people think that's weaker and it's like no you've actually probably just resensitized your neuromuscular connection to the muscles that you're actually targeting and recruiting. So What are your thoughts on steroids, hormone replacement, Ozempic, peptides? A lot of the a lot of things there is just that that that we can do a whole another podcast. No I I just want to know maybe they're all separate. I um I'm not an MD so I try to like Just your personal thoughts. My personal thoughts? I think you know Ozempic is is an interesting one because I interviewed an endocrinologist on the podcast on my podcast recently and this was it was really a great she she prescribes Ozempic like every day all day every day because her patients are diabetes or those with obesity and she was saying for for those who need it it is like a miracle drug. It's really changing their lives. But what's happening is a lot of people who don't need it are getting on it and they're not only are they seeing rapid weight loss but they're also losing muscle. So that's I think my lens on it is that I worry about people taking it and losing muscle cuz when you're in a severe calorie deficit you don't just lose fat you also lose muscle. So if they get off that weight loss drug their their metabolism is going to drop cuz they've lost all their lean mass and potentially other issues down the line with the that comes with losing muscle. You don't just lose it on the outside you lose it internally too around your organs but you got people don't think about that. Yeah I mean it's it's it's not good. And then the the second thing that I think about with Ozempic from my lens from my non MD lens is I think people are we're going to see people taking it and then like trying to sell you something like look I lost a bunch of weight doing this fitness program or I lost a bunch of weight using this supplement like you should use it too and meanwhile they're just doing Ozempic. Huh. I'm for sure going to do steroids when I get older. I'm too vain about my skin and my face and I just don't want to lose fat from my face. Yes and that's what I've heard. Ozempic face yeah. I have a friend who took Ozempic and she lost weight like feels great but she lost it from her face too obviously. Yeah. And now she has gained some weight back but the weight has not gone to her face how it was. So now she I I talked to her for like an hour the other day. She has to do a bunch of filler in her face because she's lost all this fat from her face. So for me I just feel like I'm too vain to with my face because I don't want to with my skin. No I know I just like I just don't want fat from my face. Yeah. Yeah. But again it goes back to what you were saying earlier it's like if if there is a medical need and you've done all the other things then like many of these things could be good solutions but again if it's your first stop you know on the track like that's you know like we had Mark Sisson on here and we were he was talking about TRT and he was like listen he's like as a 70 year old man him doing it him and his wife who are well over their 60s like makes a lot of sense but if you're yeah if you're like a 30 year old young man or woman and you're like just trying to get in shape like maybe that's not the smartest thing to do. And I'm not joking like as I probably as I get older especially with all the information coming out with the oversight of a physician like it probably will make sense at some point in your life but again like these are things and tools that you should use after you've done everything else. Yes. And spend your youth building muscle. Like women get to be 40 50 and they start to hit menopause and they see their body composition changing and it's like had you spent it's so sad because there just wasn't the awareness 10 years ago. I we're we have a friend that just texts us and she's like oh my god I just gained 12 pounds out of nowhere through menopause and and both you know she's like what do we what do you do and both of us like text her at the same time and it was like weight lifting protein. And she's like I do lift weights but the weights she's lifting are like 2 lb like step up like That's that's the thing. It's like weight people say I'm lifting weights or I'm strength training or they go to like a bar class or a pilates class and they think that that is enough to build muscle and I'm telling you the most important thing when it comes as far as like exercise selection and what you're doing the most important thing is that you're choosing a resistance and it can be body weight sometimes for some exercises. It doesn't have to be a heavy weight but you're choosing an exercise where you get close to failure within 5 to 30 reps. Science shows it can be low low reps it could be high reps up to 30. Past 30 it's shown that you're not probably not doing much for the muscle but anywhere in between there if you're getting close to failure which means your last couple reps you are struggling. You're you're probably making ugly faces, you're breathing heavy, your velocity decreases so you slow down. Um but a lot of times when you have these like 2 lb weights and you're just like circling your arms around for like 60 repetitions you're like whoa that burns but like you're not getting close to that failure point so that's not really going to be very effective for building muscle. about earlier progressive overload if you're doing that week over week like you're not getting progressive overload. No. Right. Here's what I would tell everyone to try. If you have a really shitty day like the worst day ever like having anxiety, you feel depressed, whatever. Go lift weights for 30 minutes and see your mood change. I cannot believe it sometimes. I will be like so annoyed at him in the morning Every day. and we'll go lift weights and then I'll be like zippity do da in the car. Zippity do da. No I mean I like I'm not joking like so someone I was talking on this panel the other day and people brought up something like something about stress in the workplace and I was like for sure I would fall victim to all of those things that people talk about stress and anxiety and depression all these things if I didn't do these kind of things to offset and balance all the chaos that that hits me every day. Right like that's it's just the truth and like the reason I do it outside of being vain is I also want to like be able to have a strong mental fortitude and feel good and have all these other like you can't You get addicted to it once you start to see how good you feel and once you start to see the physical results then you're like there's a reason that people start weight lifting and then they don't ever do anything else. Yeah the physical results to me are honestly a byproduct of all the mental stuff. Like like it's actually like not the physical much as as the mental. Like oh my gosh amen. Like I I almost don't think Yeah, the because the because I like I don't think there's a lot of things you can do to offset a lot of the stress that hits us every day besides like move your body. Yeah, I totally agree. And I think people often overeat because they're trying to It It all cycles together, right? They're not managing their emotional mind, so they overeat to try to buffer and to try to like dull out emotions that they don't want to deal with or whatever cuz they don't have their mind managed and then they go overexercise to try to burn that off or whatever it might be. Like it's like it it all really does start in your brain first. know we're joking about like steroids and muscle building and all this stuff. We're not joking, we're talking about it. But if you look at guys, like I just watched this documentary on Arnold Schwarzenegger on Netflix. It just came out, it was really good. a good, yeah. And I saw this new show with Sylvester Stallone that was on Paramount. Like both of these guys are well over 75. Yeah. And they are still acting Kennedy. Yeah, oh my god. Yeah, Yeah, running around. But they're like they have their mental faculties, they're working, they're in shape. in person, by the But if if you look at some of the other actors that are in their same generation that maybe didn't take a similar path to training, Yeah. they just don't look they don't look like that. Like Arnold Schwarzenegger does not look like almost an 80-year-old man and neither does Sylvester Stallone. They're still like, you know, jacked dudes. Yeah, totally. What does your morning look like? You know, um you're going to be like, "What? You don't have a I'm the biggest sleeper." No, no, no, no, that I'm not going to judge. You tell me what you do. I I know you guys are big morning routine people and I guess I do have my morning routine. It just doesn't look like what I think a lot of other health people in this space what theirs looks like. So I like to sleep as much as possible. I personally believe that if you're not sleeping, nothing else really matters. You can't You can't compensate for lack of sleep. So I try to sleep as much as I can. However, I don't want to wake up and like feel frazzled and feel rushed, but What does that look like? What's the time to the time? I sleep. I usually wake up I usually I'm in bed by like 9:30 and then I sleep till I'm usually reading till like 10-ish and then I'll sleep until like 6:30 or 7:00. So I'm getting like a solid 9 hours 8 9 hours, whatever that whatever that works out to be. And um I'll wake up I'll I have coffee and water. I will One of the things that I've been doing recently is I'll take a long time to do my makeup. It's like this weird ritual with myself, skin care makeup. Um and then I'll teach I'll teach for Evlo and that ends up being around like 9-ish 8 9. And then I'll I'll go about my day. So it's really not complicated. Um Anything you do to wind down? Any brands you like? Supplements? Like anything specific that you just love right now? You know, I listened to you guys' podcast way back about the red light um about how you replaced all your lamps in your room with red lights and I did that and my husband my husband walked in and was like, "This looks like a strip club. Like what is happening here?" And now he loves the red light. Like he he's always the one turning on the red light. He's like, "This makes the All our lamps have red lights in them and it's great." It's the best and my daughter when he turns on the closet light will be like, "Turn that off right now. We have blue eyes. That hurts our eyes." She She knows. She's getting early. "Papa, you have poo poo brown eyes, so you don't know hazel green eyes, I think. No, she says you have poo poo brown eyes and that we have blue eyes and that hurts our eyes. So I've trained her them. to think it's disgusting to turn on the But I I think it was Ben Greenfield who originally came on and told us about that and like that's how we still go to sleep with that every night, yeah. I swear by it now. I got all my friends on it, too. Because it's if you start doing it, you realize how jarring it is to be around artificial lights as you're trying to wind down. Yes, and I sleep so much I fall asleep so much faster now. much easier to fall asleep. And then you got to put your phone in the other room cuz people are like on their phone in the red light and then it's like it's like it's it's counterintuitive. So do you wake up to a regular alarm? I don't wake up with an alarm. You know, we don't even have an alarm at this point. We just wake up. Well, we also have a 3-year-old and 1-year-old, so But they wake up at 7:30. They wake They come in your room and wake you up. I got in bed last night at 7:30. Okay. I didn't go to sleep at 7:30, I went to bed at 8:30. There was a period I got I got I love this for you. I sleep I like Trust me, I like sleep, too. I I get the sleep Can't do that. sleep, I don't look the same. Same. Like this past week I you were like dating someone different. It was like Smeagol from the rings. No, there there was There was a No, I love Lord of the Rings, so I love that reference. cute if I don't sleep. So I'm a big fan of sleep, too. Can we shut the hell up? I'm trying to talk. Oh, sorry. There was a period of time when we tried like I me specifically tried to do like, "Okay, you're going to do the 4:30 the 5:00 wake up and do all that." And I over the years realized like getting the proper amount of sleep or whatever the body needs is like I'm so much more effective, right? 100%. Let your own body heal itself when you sleep. to be woken up by the sound of their phone? Shoot me. I'm sorry. At least if you have to do an alarm, get a hatch that wakes you up slow like a cat. The phone is so jarring to be woken up. The last thing on Earth that I want to do is be woken up out of a sleep by an electronic. I I don't know why. It seems like so off-putting to me. This is inspiring to me. So what do you do in the winter when there's no sun? You still wake up? I I like go to sleep I wake up at 7:00. You don't wake up with the sun or or after that? just wakes up at 7:00. Well, we also have this shade We've never talked about this. We have this shade that at 7:00 goes down. So what happens is at 7:00, this was a good investment. The shades all go down at He He wants at me and I was like, "Listen, it's going to be good." No, the shade opens at 7:00, so automatically it's like the it's like the sun's waking you up besides an alarm. we time it with when the sun goes now. So like if in winter you would time it to when it goes. But the idea is like at night it's blacked out, but in the morning it lets the bright sun in, so like you don't need a jarring alarm. I need that in my life. But if you have to use an alarm, I heard they're not that bad. The hatch if you have to use an alarm. I would I would use the hatch. Yeah, cuz the hatch mimics the sunlight. Right, right. But the phone is There's also if you have to, there's bedtime app instead of the alarm. Do you know what I'm talking about? That's what I use and so the the alarm like isn't that bad. Like the sound is like do do It's like a little twinkle. My husband's is like But he he still uses his, so it wakes me up Get him on the hatch. I need to. the Whoop has an alarm you just You know what? I'm giving a lot of our sponsors just some free You know what, guys? I love you anyway. whoop.com/skinny hatch.com/skinny just Come on, keep going. Those are some freebies, enjoy them. You really are. What are some beauty products that you love? Skin care products? Um I have been on a skin care journey the last like month or the last year the last 6 months. Um because again, you're going to cringe. I never really did much with my skin. I just would wash it with like soap and water and that was like it. Yeah, but it it sounds like your less is more approach is working for you. I I do think that it like I do think that taking care of yourself a lot of times from the inside and what you're doing physically will manifest in the you're eating sardines every day. I mean, that's skin care. You want Everyone wants like skin care to eat go eat your sardines. the best I mean, I don't I'm again, not an expert in nutrition or skin care for that matter, but I truly took the approach of like what I'm eating cuz your skin will show what's going on inside of you. So um I I don't get breakouts any I when I was overtraining all the time, I got breakouts all the time. Like my skin didn't look I looked old. Like it just was not good. Um so I've been on I get facials now and like I've been doing vitamin C in the morning and like I'm not I don't know. I don't really have any like I don't have any good products to plug I got you pink balls so you can roll balls on your face in the morning. I cannot wait. Evlo Fitness. If they expect? Is there a specific schedule? Do they get to work out with you? Give us like a walk-through of what this really is. What's the we're not a weight loss program, that's got to be your nutrition. We are a muscle building program. And so that is our ultimate goal. And when you join our membership, we three different tracks. You can work out three times a week, four times a week or five times a week. Every single week there's brand new classes. So um either I'm teaching them or um our other our other teacher trainer uh Peyton who's also a doctor of physical therapy, she's teaching them. Um or we've got two other doctors of physical therapy who are also teaching. So it's one of us. Um and each day you'll have a new class that you haven't taken before, which helps keep people consistent cuz they're not doing the same workouts over and over. Um so you can either choose three, four or five days a week depending on how many times you want to strength train and each class each day is different muscle groups, different class. And what do you need? You need um mostly dumbbells and then are the sizes that you need? We use I I like to say get a variety cuz as you get stronger, you're going to go up. So I use between 5 lb for some of the like for some of the smaller muscle groups like shoulders and then I use all the way up to like 40s for Oh, Jesus. Well. So I was bicep curling 20 lb today. I It was We're We're getting up there. It But it's taken I will say it's taken me 3 years and you have the rest of your life to work out. You cannot rush it, especially when it comes to building muscle cuz your body wants to stay the same. Your body wants to stay in homeostasis. So if you're going to rush it, you're you'll hurt yourself and burn yourself out, so. Dumbbells? Do you need a mat? You need a mat. You need um we do a lot of like stuff with a chair. So or a bench or a bench. So we'll do like a lot of step ups like things like that. And then a small Pilates ball. You can use a pillow. Everything else like is like household items. Like if you have gliders great if not use paper plates And how long is each class? Between So our bread and butter classes are strength training classes and those are between like 30 and 45 50 minutes ish. And this is my thing. If you don't have 30 to 45 minutes for yourself you don't have a life. I'm sorry you have to create carve out time to have time for yourself like that. It's an investment. Like it is it is the best investment you can make in yourself is your life's your lifespan your health span. So let me just get this straight. Is it you actually live teaching the classes? Like explain cuz you said that you go and you teach in the morning. That's so cool. I will be teaching the classes. They're not live. We pre-record everything. So we record everything the week but I'm big and like I just do our classes. I don't do anything else because I want to feel what our members are feeling each week. So all of the classes that you see on one week I've done all those classes before the week before. Really smart. So it's fresh material. Fresh material. I'm feeling it in my body. You have your finger on the pulse to of your business that's very smart. Yeah. So we used to do everything live and it was just like a nightmare of time zones. So we just now we pre-record and we're just a week ahead of every of the membership. So yeah you show up and it's me teaching every workout you'll have. We we are big on nervous system so we'll start with breath work. Kind of feels like a yoga class when you're first starting and mobility. And then we'll get into our circuits. We'll do lift weights depending on the muscles that we're working and then we end with a cool down which is mobility and we're really trying to recruit activate the parasympathetic nervous system shavasana relaxation. Then you end your workout and you don't feel like you got hit by a truck. Like the whole thing is we want you to feel your muscles but we don't want you to feel so depleted that you're like I need to go take a nap. Like What are some stories that you've heard from people that have done your workout? Oh my gosh. Most of our Most of our people are like why didn't I find this sooner? Because so many people think that it has to be super intense and our motto it we literally got this trademarked because we just believe in it this much. Our motto's gentle consistency. So showing up and doing the thing doesn't have to be all out but if it's more gentle on your body but consistent that is where the magic happens and that's where you're going to see the biggest changes. So we've heard a lot of our members are like this is the first time that I'm able to stick to something. Like I've never been able to stick to something. I bounce around cuz it burns me out or I get bored or it's too hard or whatever. And that's what people say cuz we try to educate. I am the biggest believer the more you know about your own body the more likely you are to adhere to that. And also it seems like it's not overwhelming. Yeah. No. There's so much content coming in every single direction all the time from so many different influencers and online figures and it's like everyone has an opinion. You can't even get on social media it's like it's content overload. I totally agree. And also sometimes for some fitness apps like you'll be like what class do I take today? There's so many options. Like what do I do? And we're like nope it's all there for you. We know you know exactly what you're going to do on Monday. You know exactly what you're going to do on Tuesday. You just press play on the class and get your equipment and go. So smart. Can we do a code for our audience? Yes. Okay. Do skinny. Skinny? Code skinny. What can they get? Let's do Usually what I'll do is they can get a month their first month free so they can try it. And I would say if you're going to try it like go all in for the month. Don't try to do like a bunch of other stuff like just do our program because I think you're going to you're going to feel you're going to see the best results. Like I would say go all in do the month. Do the classes. no excuse because you got a free month. Yeah. I mean that's amazing. That's so generous and you can do it from home. Yes. From home. You just need some dumbbells pretty much. Or just get wine bottles. Yes. Anything. Anything's a backpack whatever. No but dumbbells on Amazon are cheap now. Yeah. They are. And you you can finally get them again after the pandemic. Do you want to also do a giveaway for people to follow? Yeah. We usually do that. Let's do what how many What do you want to give away? You you pick. Should we give away like a year? That would be amazing. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Let's do a year of Evlo. Where can everyone follow you to win? Should we do Instagram? Um let's do Instagram. How do they Do you do like comment on a post or how? Yeah. You can comment on my latest post your favorite takeaway from this episode and then follow Yes. Dr. Shannon It's doctor.shannon.dpt. Um and they find on your Instagram? Like what what are you known for? What are your highlights? Like what are you doing on I'm really trying to educate. Okay. You're not going to get on my Instagram and find like workouts. You're going to find education because I think it starts from there. Amazing. Yeah. Where can everyone sign up find you all the different things? So evlofitness.com is our website and then I have a podcast if you like the nerdy stuff. We get it really deep into the nerdy stuff called Fit Body Happy Joints. Um and then Instagram kind of on Tik Tok not really. Feel like that's a struggle. Mostly just Instagram website and podcast. Thank you so much for coming on. I learned so much. I'll never stop building muscle. Never stop. Yeah. Lucky you Michael. Thank you. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheSkinnyConfidential [17 likes]: Guys, check out our YT Community section where we'll be sharing exclusive content, BTS and asking for your guest suggestions!! Treat it as a place for you all to chat and communicate with us!🎙
  2. @nataliehostetter5534: Um… sex on your period is gross. You’re getting blood on the sheets dude. No.
  3. @camrie-paige: Lots of good info from the guest. Wish we could’ve gotten more without the constant interrupting side track conversations every 3 seconds. I’m probably gonna go watch the guests podcast instead lol
  4. @max-nm6qx: Hi EVERYONE HERES A POWERFUL POWERFUL WATCH FOR EVERYONE "FROM EVOLUTIONIST TO CREATIONIST "BY PROFESSOR WALTER VEITH POWERFUL POWERFUL WATCH TRUE AMAZING STORY FROM SOUTH AFRICA ENJOY UNMISSABLE WATCH ❤GOD BLESS EVERYONE ❤
  5. @DenaMenna: ❤❤❤
  6. @kwadcast: Such valuable information about building muscle and recovery! The insulin sensitivity discussion was eye-opening.
  7. @YdbkinTibdjn: Clear, concise, and easy to follow. Great job explaining!
  8. @rebeccaavilabell6991: Medicine is great but there is always lifestyle factors that come in to play!  See it all the time. (Sometimes its a matter of convenience vs effort) Thanks for sharing, really enjoyed and have so much to think about for my own routine 😊
  9. @juliaa.: Oh man, the husband just sits there and lets the wife cut him off every time he’s trying to make a statement. Hard to listen to it.
  10. @ttlifecoach: Adds very long....also when speaking about Elvo, you shouldn't give your audience false information such as they will melt their fat while doing pilates or exercising because it is not true. You melt your fat with taking care of what and how much you eat
  11. @ttlifecoach: You brought your guest to listen not to interrupt and lecture. Very annoying
  12. @MamadouBarry-q5h: Omg, I didn’t see that coming! 😱
  13. @NinaMona-x8e: Wait for it… BAM! 😂 Perfect timing.
  14. @kwadcast: Muscle building as recovery not destruction is a paradigm shift every woman needs to understand
  15. @erinmcpherson: such a great episode!
  16. @SadiKamil-q5v: Wow, this changed my perspective. Great job! 💡
  17. @martinleon3145: Protein hype is hype when it comes to building muscle....
  18. @max-nm6qx: "A STORM IS COMING RELENTLESS IN ITS FURY "BY PROFESSOR WALTER VEITH AND MARTIN SMITH POWERFUL WATCH UNMISSABLE WATCH TRUTH ALWAYS WINS USA 🇺🇸 WORLD ❤❤
  19. @max-nm6qx: "BARBARA O'NEIL GREAT HEALTH WATCH DIET ETC❤
  20. @max-nm6qx: "BABYLON AND THE LOUD CRY "BY PROFESSOR WALTER VEITH AND MARTIN SMITH POWERFUL POWERFUL WATCH TRUTH ALWAYS WINS ❤

- Ep:73 KETO STALLING "I'm doing everything keto-right, why can't I lose any more weight?": Kind: captions Language: en hi folks this is dr. Abbott's iris the Cobb addiction doc and today we're going to discuss a topic that so many of you have asked me about and it is stalling out it is leveling off it is not so much relapsing but having lost a lot of weight now you've leveled off and you're in that space where nothing's moving forward certainly by the scale and and you perplex you not sure why you're still doing everything right you know the in carbohydrates how do we deal with stagnation how do we deal with leveling off and how do we bump that forward and it is a fairly complex topic so I'm going to take you through the different levels the first challenge is that most people most of these people most type 2 diabetics who start a ketogenic diet the IET they start a ketogenic diet and the objective of the diet is to lose weight or to treat their type 2 diabetes because I've now heard that you can cure type 2 diabetes or put into remission by not eating carbohydrates so they go on some keto diet and they listen to some keto evangelists who says this is the way I do it and this is what I've done and this works for me and I've lost 100 pounds or whatever it is those are people who are telling you their story and their story may work for them but it doesn't work for you there are certain specific principles that apply and the most important overriding principle is to come to terms of the word addiction so you don't treat this as a diet what addiction means is that in the presence of sugar and starch you do not have the capacity not to consume them not on any given day you may not but over the continuum of the rest of your life you will so one of the first causes of leveling off is what we call carb creep if we become very very sophisticated in terms of carb creep we may start eating some carb look-alikes and we may have a little bit of dessert we may have something that doesn't contain a lot of sugar but just a little bit we allow little elements a little bite here a little candy there and in the diet world it's all about a little bit is okay but a lot is not so you're trying to control a relationship that you lost control of carb creep is always the issue when it comes to carbs coming back into your life so always when you find yourself at a standstill go back and review carbohydrates in an addiction way and carbohydrates a binary I don't care what form the carbohydrates take I don't care what other additives are with them just go through everything you eat and drink for two or three days and look at one thing don't eat or drink anything unless you absolutely know what the total total total never net I've got a whole video on that total carbohydrate consumption is in what you eating and drinking and then you'll be able to identify with that is the sad part about most ketogenic diets is the heaven allowance can you imagine giving an alcoholic an allowance of alcohol or giving a smoker an allowance of nicotine it's crazy but we defend that allowance because it's healthy oh these are good carbs oh this is a carb free takedo doughnut there's your reason remember the reason you're listening to this video or at least gonna apply some of this is because right now you've leveled off you stagnant okay and by the way there is no such thing as just being stagnant there is no maintenance you're rather moving forward or moving backwards you con yourself into thinking that you stagnant okay try stopping to walk on a treadmill either gonna throw you back or it's gonna make you walk you're either moving forward or backwards that's how this process is there is no maintenance there is no leveling off levelling off is a precursor to relapse so the first thing is carb creep and the first principle of the addiction model just three principles in the addiction model number one okay recognize the carbohydrates in your diet and do what you can to banish them these second Oh actually really I would put this first the most important reason why people stagnate is from an emotion management perspective every day every single day we are exposed to things that create emotional tension whether it's anxiety or stress or frustration or anger or fear depression boredom sadness pleasure all of those things collectively are called emotional tension and they happen not every day but every minute of every day even as I'm talking right now you see me becoming emotive so throughout the day we build up emotional tension and we human beings have one of two ways we can deal with that we either fall backwards to our old muscle memory which is carbohydrates and snacks or we fall forward to new muscle memory that we've created that's why as much enough in our program we focus on getting rid of carbohydrates and snacks a snack is always an emotional event we'll get back to that in a second but the most important part is doing things every day with you having a good day or a bad day there are part of your emotional management muscle memory if you've gone for a walk every day and now suddenly you're not walking you're much more vulnerable to falling backwards because really what you want to do is fall forward all the time in other words whenever there's emotional chaos in your life low emotional tension in your life you want to fall forward to the new areas that you've created in your life whether it's something spiritual creative physically active or human connection we fall forward to new effective ways to deal with your emotional needs if there's emotional tension if there's disruption in your life and you haven't built these up where they're not available to you you aren't ever able to fall backwards and you're gonna do it in a way that distorts the reality that you're even doing it so the other thing we talk about a snack is always an emotional event and a snack is any calories oh well you know what I'm not eating any carbohydrates but I'm eating cheese 10 times a day or I've got a bag of nuts and I'm eating some nuts while those things may not necessarily get you to gain a massive amount of weight they immediately stagnate you because there's no urban flow you want it excuse me nutritional and caloric even flow you want to put some in use it and store it and then use up those stores and then move forward so look at how often you are putting calories in your face and it should be no more often than twice a day and I don't care what form they take even if it's Kido approved a snack is still a snack a bridge on the other hand is something that doesn't contain calories there's my coffee so examine the frequency with which you eat even if it doesn't contain carbohydrates now the next part that you want to look at and and this is something that people on a ketogenic diet just don't understand for the most part is that calories I'm gonna compromise myself here calories sort of matter even though they don't at all and I know that's that's gonna confuse the hell out of you because I'm so adamant against calories we don't count calories we don't even look at calories but what we human beings have done uniquely as a species is we've learned to defy satiety signals see the human body is equipped to stop us from over drinking and stop us from overeating when we're eating biologically necessary nutritional substances based upon hormonal feedback through our intestine but from a very very young age from the minute and mother plugs a bottle into a baby's mouth or from the minute a mother tries to force its child to finish its plate we condition ourselves to override satiety feedback and more and more we we think especially for a little bit hungry and now we're eating only once or twice a day instead of ten times a day we think about how much we desire to eat or we need to eat oh my nutrition I have to eat this amount and then we put that food in front of us and come hell or high water irrespective of satiety signals we've finished that plate of food and when I say calories still count that's fine because real food will not make you gain weight real food will not make you gain weight unless you snacking or adding carbohydrates however real food also because of homeostasis will not allow you to give up stored energy to lose weight so we have to create an artificial paradigm to kick-start that and it is listening to early entire satiety cues now here's a mind Ben for you here's a little mind Ben for you and I know this as a bariatric surgeon I know this okay forget about macros and micros and numbers and because everybody's different and nobody knows anybody who professes to know how much you should eat doesn't know about human biology so anybody is out there calculating micros and macros particular with proteins and fats doesn't know anything because some proteins and I don't know how much is going to be used for energy some is going to be used for nutrition we just don't know having said that on average just as a zone I'm a six foot tall guy and to meet my nutritional requirements each day ballpark let's let's put how much I eat in terms of boiled eggs let's just take the boiled egg now boil why do i do boiled eggs cause a boiled egg is a whole chicken it's got pretty much everything we need in terms of fat protein minerals and vitamins don't don't go out there just eat eggs for a living but if you use that as a quantity basis instead of grams of this grams of that how many boiled eggs per day should I is a six-foot-tall person eat to sustain myself assuming I'm nutritionally normal to sustain that nutritional normality now I'm not too much calories for energy is it 1 egg 2 X 5 X 10 eggs how many eggs worth of food should I eat each day to remain in nutritional neutrality and the answer is about two eggs a day plus minus two eggs a day maybe one maybe three but about two eggs a day in my entire nutritional load there is enough nutrition in the equivalent of two eggs worth of food so if you compare two eggs of food with how much you eat every day especially if you're on a ketogenic diet look at the difference and the difference is your caloric excess so if I eat two eggs a day or with my surgical patients the patients that are at bariatric surgery and bariatric surgery is really there to restrict how much you can eat early on those people can eat about two eggs a day or the equivalent thereof in other animal products other vegetables ketogenic vegetables they eat two eggs a day that is enough to meet their nutritional requirements to keep them nutritionally replete now obviously we need energy we need fuel to run the body well if you're eating the equivalent about two eggs a day all of that fuel is coming from your pork from your fat supplies which is kind of what we want some of it may come from muscles if you don't protect your muscles that's a separate talk but that is weight loss and that's pretty much the max amount of weight you're gonna lose is if you're eating just enough to meet your nutritional demands which is really where hunger is focused but you allow your body to tap into its resources as close to a hundred percent of the fuel it uses now anything above that that you eat is going to subtract from your caloric needs so if you're eating you 2 eggs but now you're eating four or five eggs we're just using eggs as a metric as an equivalent not specifically as it meaning five that means three eggs worth of fat and protein that you put in your mouth is now being used as a source of energy which subtracts from your body's use I hope that makes sense it's a it's can be somewhat a difficult concept to understand so therefore if you are eating what your brain thinks it needs to eat and you defy satiety signals you may not gain weight because of that especially with ketogenic and we can discuss that at a later time as well your body won't let you gain that excess weight but it is enough both nutritionally as well as calorically to prevent weight loss and that's what most people don't understand so if you're gonna kickstart yourself again the first thing is number one recognize where the problem is is it carb creep is the frequency of your meals is it the size your meals number two and and look at your emotional management number two is look at the quantity of food that you're eating and the number of times you're eating and if you can scale back to eating no more than twice a day preferably even once a day and maybe even just don't do it forever just take a seven-day block a one-week block and say I have the needle and that's how you get back on track I could I have the needle you get back on track by eating one maybe two meals a day and you eat sequentially where you put the food in the middle of the table that you think you need to eat dish up a tiny amount especially if it's fat fortified and look at my other videos on that and if it's fat fortified stop know when you're full not when you stuffed but when you think you're beginning to get full and trust the fact that the saturated fat in your food will trigger satiety now we just asked me for seven days just seven days and you will kick-start this process and then the only other concept is to add in a little bit of physical activity not exercise physical activity to affect the glucagon cortisol ratio and there's a whole new video coming up on and if you do those few things you're gonna be in great shape I remember take care of your emotions with a bridge and by doing something preferably something physically active so the principles of a sustainable ketogenic diet in terms of weight loss is number one no carbohydrates but replace it with real food and eat sequentially number two have a bridge have a non calorie containing snack which is a bridge as a mind cleansing moment available to you throughout the day otherwise you're vulnerable to doing things you shouldn't do and number three is practice enjoyable emotion management from an effort perspective every single day multiple times a day take time for yourself take time for yourself every day you don't have to be meeting everybody else's needs all the time meet some of your own needs and those are the three principles no carbohydrates bridges and an effort based emotion management system and if those are the codes that you live by you will get over the hump of a stagnant your low I'm still doing it go back and be introspective and just call it the either needle I'll put myself on that for seven days and you will kick-start this process again if you really want to know where you are biochemically get some blood work done we do that through the office all the time but check your c-peptide in your insulin numbers check your C peptide in your insulin and if your insulin resistant that's the other piece that we want you to overcome but that also is a separate talk

  Top Comments:
  1. @stephaniereuss8491 [8 likes]: Your no nonsense attitude makes me smile.  I need these kinds of reality checks!  Love your videos and educational content.  Bravo!
  2. @hissykittycat [1 likes]: Dr Cywes has lost so much weight in the last 4 years! Is really evident. What he does works!!
  3. @aleshab7030 [1 likes]: I just got back on track from falling prey to the carb creep. Gosh, it’s been the hardest 2 weeks to get my mindset back on track.
  4. @charleshall3372 [1 likes]: Right ON!  net carbs are total BUII$H|T!@
  5. @dalequale9365 [1 likes]: Third year of my paleo journey.  Not a stall but a new set point of 210 lbs, down from 235. I like this weight, stable for a year plus. I'm OMAD, exquisite appetite control and satiety, plus my 🍻 every night. 
My teenage weight of 175 lbs, NOT a goal, I'd have to sacrifice to get there and to maintain it. For what? My metabolic numbers are stellar, I feel strong, pain free, no Rxs. 💪🙏
  6. @AJTramberg: Carb creep is real.  You know what else is real? CALORIES.

Your metabolism ALWAYS slows down when you lose alot of weight.  At that point, you either eat less, or exercise more.  What you cant do is believe that calories and portions dont matter.

Your body doesnt burn body fat if it has enough dietary fat to fuel itself.

Stop with the extra butter, oils, and cheeses.   They are the likely reason you're stalled.
  7. @ktjon98: Thank you for this video.  I follow you and love your explanations of how and why this lifestyle works.  I just lapsed on some 'sugar free' chocolates, and I feel like garbage.  I know I will do it again, not sure what I can change/add to help, but if you have any suggestions, I am open!
  8. @darlynncoleman5674: You  suck
  9. @Lucida1818: Yes emotion management causes us to slip 🤷🏻‍♀️

Thanks Doc. I’m going to try this for 7 days. 🙏❤️
  10. @MrsJMW: Thank you. ❤
  11. @suewilkinsonmorrobayca6590: ❤
  12. @chunkafunk81: subscribed. hardcore
  13. @ad6417: What do you mean I can't eat a stick of butter and a pound of cheese every day and still lose body fat?
  14. @olebloom1641: Just got gifted some processed keto snacks with "net" carbs and got rid of them. Past keto efforts I succumbed to carb creep. Now going full carnivore. Hard to admit to being a carb addict when I already gave up alcohol years ago. Another addiction to stare down.
  15. @CamsDad1: Such good advice. I have a hard time, two weeks in, to listening to my body well enough
  16. @PeopleHealthTru: 16:59 Apparently he said to check your C peptide and insulin levels. Dr. Cywes has a habit of speaking in bursts instead of distinctly separating words.
  17. @peterbeyer5755: Take a photo of everything you eat, you’ll be surprised at how much and how many carbs you eat.
  18. @jodymaley3674: I like allowing that brain cleansing moment aid, coffee, hot tea, work for my, with a bit of whole milk or cream, and sometimes a little no calorie sweetener.
  19. @moogiemoo20: i need the fiber and micronutrients from fruits....also its the best way to hydrate ur cells ...water doesnt cut it it... suppliments will never be able to replace naturally absorbed micros ... idc what people say... i will just get sick and die without fruits and plants.. . yes i plateau and even gain the weight back.... but this is not the solution for me
  20. @moogiemoo20: This guy is completely off his knocker.... omg...  i will never give up fruits or veggies or nuts..... being a carnivore is the dumbest thing ive ever heard of

- Stalling on Keto — Glen Finkel & Dr. Eric Westman: Kind: captions Language: en today's topic is the dreaded store or plateau where we get a fortune of comments asking about what to do if you have a store or you have a plateau this seems to be an absolutely enormous topic I think no better person to explain what possibly could be going wrong here other than yourself well it's a common question and I guess remember we're talking in the context of eating a keto type of diet without sugars and starches and so probably the most common reason for people not losing weight if they're trying to lose weight on a stall or called a plateau sometimes is carb creep so if someone is coming back to me that things are working fine and then things stop I'll really be careful about asking of being a detective almost of making sure that there's not extra starch in the sauces eating out at restaurants or fast food places where they're they're not in control of the preparation for example in our area coleslaw a salad sugar is added to it so the first step I would help people figure out is whether carb creep is going on you could also introduce checking ketones at that time I don't always recommend people to to check ketones as long as you're under 20 total carbs or less you'll be in ketosis so you can check to see if there's carb creep or not by measuring the ketone level so just to just to elaborate on that so obviously the reason for this is that if obviously if you're not producing ketones anymore something that you're eating is obviously making sure that you are kicked out of ketosis and they bar eating cops that you might not have known that you were eating and this typically happens over three to six months into the program you're starting your feeling really great losing weight and then oh I can have a little here a little bit there what we're learning is that some people are knocked out of ketosis for two weeks after just one meal of carbohydrate so it can be damaging to have just a little bit here a little bit there especially if you don't know that you're having it right well but then now we're hearing more and more what about having a cheat day or a carb day or then I don't subscribe to that at all want to be strict every day and something else that is within this topic that is a huge hotly contested debate and that is the fat that you consume could you elaborate on that this is the second most common reason for a stall these days we didn't see it so much 10 years ago but the excess of eating or drinking of fats and oils and butters and there's a misconception that if you're trying to burn your body fat that eating fat or drinking fat will help you burn your body fat that's a misconception in fact the best fat burning diet is to not eat anything at all you don't have to eat fat to burn the fat of course not eating anything called fasting or total fasting is not a healthy way to do it so yeah I've seen people doing great and then they start drinking oils and butters and under the false assumption that you have to have those to burn fat and so watch out for the fat the butter the oils while they have zero carbs so it seems like oh I can have as much as I want you have to be careful because they have a lot of calories and you stop the fat-burning going on in your own body almost your pantry I bought you'll burn the fat you eat first right before the fat of your body now something I'd like you to also check to our viewers which I've heard you speak about before and that was something that dr. Atkins used to say if you in a store move or change where you buy your food you wanna elaborate on that well that's interesting so of course dr. Atkins is one of my teachers and Jackie ever Steen who worked with dr. Atkins is still working with me dr. Atkins had all sorts of interesting fixes if you will and certain types of food have different additives and all that and in fact he would recommend moving to Europe for example to get through a stall because the European food at least at the time didn't have all the same additives and high-fructose corn syrup and and even the quality of the meat is different in different countries so that's an interesting fix I don't know that many of my patients what did they do that yeah so I'd like to just recap I think those were the three excellent tips most certainly the first two and that was it may be as simple as a barbecue sauce that you might be eating or earth or a ketchup the Jamaat beat or a salad dressing that you might be eating that you never knew had additional sugars in maybe be a little bit more cautious if you're finding that you're having that stall garden look at the foods that you're purchasing or that you're consuming and have a look if there's any hidden carbs or Sugar's inside those there was there was the first one I think the second one was you know we don't have to when we're having a meal and in additional fat just to try and get the fat in so I think the message would be eat the fat that naturally is found in our food eats to satiety don't overdo the fats don't drown everything in butter and oils and lastly if you are finding that you did you're sticking to maybe points one and two maybe instead of moving to a different country which would be very difficult maybe a good idea would be to try a different grocery store or try a different source of where you buy your food from so I think those would be three very very helpful tips and always great getting this information from you if you find that these videos are helpful again we encourage you to share these videos without your help we cannot get the message out there There is obviously an epidemic of obesity diabetes and metabolic syndrome out there and with your help we can overcome this if we share these videos and we appreciate all your support and thank you so much you

  Top Comments:
  1. @loristephens83 [10 likes]: I really appreciated that Dr. Westman mentioned Dr. Atkins. Essentially, Keto is very similar to Atkins. The only difference I've found is really counting macros and proportion of fats to protein. On Atkins, I was limited to 20g of carbs per day, too, and focused on Ketosis. I had to customize my plan for health issues, but my goal is just sticking to lower carb + healthy fat meals. I am in ketosis! I actually do check my ketones frequently. I prefer doing that and weighing in at the doctor's office because the scale ususally gets to me. I cannot weigh myself every day because it will impact me psychologically and that's where all my diets tend to fail. I actually do have a bit of brown basmati rice from time to time, but only about 1/4 a cup, as well as whole wheat tortillas and bread with low net carbs, and I've been checking my ketones to make sure I stay in ketosis--which I do. I do not crave sugar (unless it's my cycle and I crave all the things!). I lost 14 pounds my first week. I will find out about this month in November but haven't weighed in since then. I'm hopeful.
  2. @randyajones [8 likes]: "Strict every day" THANK YOU FOR SAYING THAT!!!!
  3. @helenoreillylong9497 [3 likes]: May I ask...you mention on page 4 that one should eat 1-2 handfuls leafy greens  and you mention 1 c  low carb veg. Is this an and /or thing? Do I need both the leafy and high fiber veggies?
  4. @KetoJames [2 likes]: I was one of the people that thought I needed to eat more fat to burn fat.
  5. @mahlianeville4395 [2 likes]: My ketones sit around 2.5 measured by breath and I haven't lost any weight for nearly a year 😔
  6. @dbabbit5286 [2 likes]: This video just came up, and I've been keto for 5 months. I live in a food desert... No healthy meat to be found without driving for 2 hours one way. I have an immune system disorder, and on 2 drugs that are known to add the pounds. What can I do, besides fasting, that will help me shed pounds? I need to lose 40 pounds, and can't get out to walk since temps are over 100°F! I can't do HIIT exercises because I have double artificial hips. Help!
  7. @forestlittke4649 [1 likes]: I have changed belts 3 times because I needed to drop holes. I do not suffer from 'stomach drupe" where the belley hangs over the belt! Arnold says men look 8 months pregnant. Say no to that donut at work because it will knock you out ketosis for up to 2 weeks. (Westman) 2024
  8. @stevesmith1493 [1 likes]: Facts. Cut the calories, increase water intake, exercise. Period
  9. @coachalexmiller [1 likes]: G. Hughes, for example, has a popular barbecue sauce which contains MSG, which spikes insulin. However, the MSG is listed as modified food starch...sneaky sneaky food industry!
  10. @Solidfreeman01 [1 likes]: Yeah.... those are simple and obvious reasons. How about the real cases, where people are undercaloric by far, doing keto and stop losing weight? That would be interesting
  11. @johnhorgash9031 [1 likes]: I'm a little confused? In the Long Term Effects of Keto Program video you say that you don't have a problem with getting your calories from fat. Here you say we use too much fat. Is it only if you are stalling when you restrict fat or oils ? Or does the lifestyle itself require restriction of fat and oils somewhere down the line even though you are not stalling?
Other YouTube docs say don't worry about counting calories just keep to the proper keto parameters and all will be fine. What gives?
  12. @barbaragray4309 [1 likes]: Thank you for good video  Dr Westman is very helpful.Im slow  looser
  13. @ccsimonds9590: Been at a plateau for 3 months. No carb creep. I make all my meals. All carnivore. Only drink water. Scale still won’t budge.
  14. @radiumlyte: I fasted for 2.5 weeks and stalled the last four days at 119 lbs.  I wasn't eating anything so I don't know what caused the plateau.  I still don't know how to break the plateau.
  15. @stevesmith1493: Coffee creamers and powdered artificial sweeteners!!
  16. @joanjackson5825: I really needed this!!!!
  17. @joanjackson5825: Thanks for this! This really helped me.
  18. @jmseipp: Ov the Top 35 most popular diets the ketogenic diet rates dead last at #35 as being the most Un-Healthy!   And three recent studies show that low carb diets such as keto and carnivore lead to premature death:   https://youtu.be/gzeP1obBe30?si=rrzR2HzuTXQuEU5n
  19. @mkeyw2226: I travel 2 week per month and many times I can’t get a hotel with a kitchen. Any suggestions on that?
  20. @balexandras: thanks for the reminder about fat source.. coming up one year Keto .. and truly got scared on the over eating    protein idea ... must re focus and I like the idea too of the ketone reading/measurement.  Haven't bought the 
keto monitor.. but bought the blood glucose monitor.. which may be it can be adjusted with the help of the monitor, for a different result, because I typically get a result in the "green" (good, I think) and a number of 5.
but would have to do myself another reading it's been a while.

- Overcoming Keto Plateau After 6-8 Weeks – Dr.Berg: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys today we're gonna talk about key tell Platt tell okay you get on the ketogenic plan and you lose all this weight initially maybe like the first month for six weeks but then things start slowing down what's happening this is very frustrating it may cause you to want to quit or stop but you may not because of all the other benefits you might be looking better feeling better in your clothes and you might have no cravings no hunger and have more energy okay but let's just talk about plateau in general you know about The Biggest Loser right these people workout basically eight hours a day they reduce the calories they eventually lose the weight do they gain the way back yes pretty much all of them gain the way back why because of this one simple fact losing weight is not a normal thing for the body it's anti is survival I mean just think about what fat is fat is stored energy in fact your body doesn't even care what you look like it just wants to store the energy and hold it you know this is true because it's much easier to gain weight than it is to lose weight alright so now when you go on a diet and I'm talking about a low calorie diet your metabolism will adjust and it will start slowing down it will adapt and you will eventually create what's called a set point which is a weight that it's almost impossible to bust through so let's say for example you're on the program and you get to let's say 180 or 170 and you just can't seem to get below that okay you're just like no matter what you do so what really stops you from busting through that Plateau that set point that weight that your body is very comfortable at is high levels of insulin okay so too much insulin won't counter your ability to burn fat because it prevents fat burning okay and usually what comes along with that is insulin resistance so the combination of insulin resistance which the majority of the population has and excessive insulin they goes both go hand-in-hand is what's behind this set point okay all right the big question is does keto slow your metabolism like other diets and the answer is this not if you're adding intermittent fasting okay now why do I say that and by the way what's the difference between intermittent fasting and a low calorie diet some people will say they're the same thing because you are consuming less calories if you're not eating so frequent right well there's a huge difference and it boils down to this one reference right here in guidance physiology okay on page 930 and we're talking about other factors that stimulate insulin okay it says gastrointestinal hormones there's a hormone called GI P now what does that mean it means that when you eat when you eat frequently you trigger insulin so key tell is low carb and that's gonna lower insulin in a min fasting is less frequent eating less GIP hormone less insulin okay so both these actions keto low-carb intermón fasting less frequent eating will lower insulin and improve this set point this plateau where as low calories doesn't focus on frequency of eating in fact when you're in a low calorie diet you have to eat frequent meals and snacks you're probably doing five to six meals small meals well try this experiment at home go ahead and fast and then go ahead and eat just a little bit of protein let's say two strips of bacon and I've done this before you eat just a little bit of protein I will guarantee within an hour you are gonna be starving okay why because of this you're eating and every time you eat you spike insulin almost regardless of what you eat anything so it'll spike insulin the blood Sugar's will be plummeted and then you will be hungry so with low calorie diets you are constantly hungry okay and you have more insulin production within a minute fasting despite having the same amount of calories okay as a low calorie diet you have less insulin spike because you're not eating so frequently but the cool thing is you're not hungry why because when you lower insulin you finally get to tap in your fat reserve now there's a great analogy is that someone added to one of my comments in the YouTube channel when you're doing the low calorie diet and you're dependent on sugar fuel you're basically living paycheck to paycheck because you're dependent on the sugar okay you're not tapping into the fat you tap into fat you have to lower the insulin when you're doing keto and I F you're tapping into your reserve fuel the fat this is your wise investments that build up a reserve over time that give you interest now with this model you may have a huge reserve in the bank you might have a million dollars in the bank but you're not able to tap into it because insulin is like the lock that holds it there alright so in order to tap into this fat you need to lower insulin and that's gonna help lower your setpoint now the main reason why you get a plateau on keto mainly has to do with your past dieting okay you may remember when the first time you died it worked second time maybe worked third time it didn't work is great for time it's not working that great and then to the point where now it doesn't work at all all that means is you've generated so much insulin in your body and you do so much instant resistance that's what's really behind this problem so when you do keto and you definitely need to add if' to it and that's the secret to speed this up realize that the barrier is the high insulin and you need to actually do a little bit lower carb with the keto and you need to decrease the frequency of eating and get a little bit stricter with your intimate of fasting now a lot of you based on survey are doing a six-hour window of eating in an 18 hour fast okay but you're still doing two meals which is fine but if you plateaued and you want to speed things up okay what you want to do is you want to go down to one meal a day okay it's called Oh mad what that will do that will speed things up because you're gonna really drop insulin down and the other tip you want to do is when you do keto start to lower your carbs even below 20 grams maybe down to even 10 grams or even lower okay and there's one more thing that you want to do that I talked about in other videos and I'll put the link down below it's called prolonged fasting you can do it periodically once a week do once a month so I put a link down below on that video specifically and I also put a link down below of how I would recommend doing in a minute fasting so check it out bust through the plateau through lowering your insulin improving insulin resistance thanks for watching so I want to thank you for being here and watching my videos if you haven't already subscribed go ahead and do so so you can stay informed of future videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheBeautyBlueprint-p2l [11 likes]: This video came at the perfect time, as I've been stuck at a plateau for a few weeks. Time to re-evaluate my macros and consider incorporating OMAD to kickstart things again!
  2. @SomethingInTheGround [5 likes]: I hit a plateau pretty early on during my 3rd time doing keto. My plateau hit after only 4 weeks. I mostly lost the water weight and a few lbs of fat. But im going on a week and a half of the same weight. Im slowly incorporating exercise into my routine, mostly cardio, because i want to lose weight before i gain muscle. The first time i did keto (6 months), i lost 80 lbs and never had an issue with losing weight. The second time i did keto, i did it for a very short period (2 weeks) basically long enough to lose water weight. I ended up getting sick and decided to stop. A year later, basically where i am now, i gained everything back and then some. I started my 3rd keto run at 328 lbs. Im down to 305 lbs. Im trying to do OMAD and drinking protein shakes to hold off my hunger. Ill eat tuna with olive oil mayonnaise for my low carb and calorie meal. Im hoping to hit 200 lbs by the end of the year. Wish me luck.
  3. @zahuruddinsheikh2814 [3 likes]: Weight loss has only one solution, steps per day needs to go above 15k steps per day. You can do whatever diet you want, if you dont walk multiple times a day, you WILL not lose weight after a point.
  4. @WesTheWizard [1 likes]: I've been doing keto for 8 weeks and I have NO energy 😢 why?
  5. @jessicanelson-88 [1 likes]: I'm doing IF 20/4 and keto and I'm stuck so I'll try OMAD so frustrating but since March of this year I have lost 60 pounds, all on my own with no magic pill or shot. I need to start throwing in a 24 and 36 hour fast too.
  6. @Iwantobehuman [1 likes]: I started using ketones because of you, didn’t know it was a thing and it’s the only reason I’m succeeding right now.
  7. @williamdavis9562 [1 likes]: You can also hit a plateau even if you’re on OMAD. 

Science hasn’t really figured out how these “set points work” what we do know is that once you break that barrier it is smooth sailing until the next set point. 

Once you know what your set point is in my opinion there is a sure fire way to break through it. 
 
Get to that weight where you get stuck and bang out a 5 day fast. Your body will have no way to keep you at that set point and you’ll break through it. 

I went from 230 lbs to 160 lbs. But it took a while because I’d keep hitting those set points. 182 slowed me down but at 170 I was stuck there for like 6 months, even with OMAD and at times Omad carnivore. Until I did this
  8. @davidlgomes7120 [1 likes]: I really appreciate this video❤
  9. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  10. @katherinereynolds3659: I’m doing 16:8 and at a plateau. If I go to OMAD then does it need to stay there, or is it temporary?
  11. @STRSTYLER: I'm on a plateau and it's kind of frustrating me. I was doing really well and then it just stopped and i am the EXACT number each day. Im not goubg to crash out with my eating habbits cause i value my health more. I have been a little cheeky with myself but not eating anything non keto, i just ate a piece of cheese or sausage more.not gaining wait, but just tired of nothing moving... i'm still trusting the process obvouisly. I measure my bloodsugar and ketos and my GKI is healthy. Maybe its good to have a small break and ldt the body catch up.
  12. @whoamI-in9jq: I don't ever wanna get off keto, all the pain went away and I feel and look great
  13. @Alog74: After 2 months on Keto with small amount of carbs coming from berries I've lost 24 lbs. I love it. I do have to force myself to do way more exercise but I've found that on Keto my sleep is better, my energy levels are good at work and I don't snack between meals. I can go long periods without food. Let me tell ya adding collagen to coffee has been a game changer for early afternoons. I am happy with this diet cause it shows fast results. I pretty much have 1 meal a day. I don't get hungry at breakfast and I don't eat lunch Supper is at 630 to 740 pm and then nothing after that. It's good. May not work for everyone but it's worked for me.
  14. @Loadem72: Thank you
For the algorithm 😊
  15. @AIlearner-p6k: Down from 93 kgs to 83 kgs in around 3-4 months but stuck at this weight for last 3 weeks and losing motivation. Time to double-down with OMAD, ACV, and better sleep. Thanks Dr Berg.
  16. @aristocraticnietzschean-ma1023: Wow Dr. Eric Berg you are very smart and well-read. I had to quit the Youtube channel of Stephanie Mcperson who is not even a doctor, a physiologist.  She thinks that she has the absolute truth of how to lose weight, she claims that fasting is a bad idea for weight loss.  How wrong she is
  17. @debienervina1801: I have lost 25 pounds and am now at a plateau so I will start OMAD tomorrow to see if that helps. AI told me that I have not been eating enough but I am not hungry! I was only eating cheese and one egg omelette Then a small amount OF NUTS.  Doing 18 hr fast. So I will try eating at 5 pm only. I only have 10 pounds to go.
  18. @eddylo1994: Can you have any carbs at all on keto?
  19. @audreyanderson4575: With OMAD (one meal a day), how many calories should you eat? Just to give me an idea. I am not a big eater, but am used to being on WW's and eating 3 meals a day.
  20. @kingsteve8083: I'm now on week 7 of keto, and did intermittent fasting from about day 4, but still plateaued. I hadn't considered OMAD before. 6 weeks to go until complete and my goal is to lose 10lbs more - which would total of 35lbs lost for a 3-month keto diet. I'll give this a go!

- Dr. Sarah Hallberg: How do I break a weight loss plateau on a ketogenic diet?: Kind: captions Language: en How do I break a weight loss plateau on a ketogenic or low carb diet? - That's a great question, and so let me go back to something I use all the time. And that is that there's three things guaranteed in life, death, taxes, and a weight loss plateau. So sadly to say, you cannot avoid it. They will happen to everyone, and I would say pretty comfortably, they're universally frustrating. And so knowing that, what do you do when you're in one? Well first I wanna say take a deep breath and relax, and begin with the question, is this really a weight loss plateau, or am I getting concerned because I'm having day to day or even week to week variability on the scale. Because you know, you can weigh different one day to the next, and it may have absolutely nothing to do with your nutritional intake. Did you sleep poorly? Did you have a bad day at work yesterday? Did you get irritated with the kids? Stress can have a direct impact, and exercise, believe it or not, can also impact that as well. So take a step back from the day to day measurements and take a look at what's going on in a longer period of time. And how long have you been, quote, stuck for? I think a reasonable definition, but let me be clear before I say this, there is no absolute definition of what is a weight loss plateau, but a reasonable guide may be something like no weight loss for three months with no idea of why that would be. So you just can't come up with an explanation. And so if that occurs, there's multiple things you can do. Number one, first ask is there any health conditions that may be causing this. Is it allergy season, and I'm in the midst of it bad.? Is it that my thyroid could be off? Ensure that there's nothing like that going on. Number two, ask yourself did any medications change? Am I taking something that I wasn't before? Did another physician add a medication that may be causing a problem? Did I start taking anything over the counter, or did I stop medications I was previously on? That's another big one as well. And again, looking at things like stress and sleep, are those changed? Has your schedule changed when you're eating? These are all things that can play a major role in a weight loss plateau. And of course last, but far from least, what does your nutrition look like? Now, one of the things that we find that can be pretty interesting to realize is that the better you get at understanding how to move forward with a low carb lifestyle, the more at risk you get for carb creep. Because for people who really know what they're doing, what we tend to say, myself and Brit included, I know, is that looks like a half a cup of strawberries, and in reality its become a lot more. So I recommend two days of a really hard look at what you're eating. Two days really going back to counting calories, really going back to those strict dietary changes that you were making when you first began. Is anything going on, has anything that I can change occurred? And I want to really put one note of caution in here. When people hit a weight loss plateau they tend to be so desperate to get out of it, that they may fall victim of making changes that are not sustainable. So if you've had great success and find yourself in a plateau, I really, really caution people to tell them to resist making changes that they don't feel like they can sustain over the long haul. Remember, don't do anything in the short term that you can't sustain in the long term. That's a really important point when it comes to your food intake. And I'll also add one more thing to take a look at. Have you just started exercising, or changed up your exercise routine? Because believe it or not, when people start to exercise it can often cause a short term weight plateau. This does not mean you should not be exercising. But it can be such a big factor for people that oftentimes when people are ready to begin exercise, which is fantastic and exciting, I actually like to warn them a short weight plateau can occur. Don't be frustrated, keep moving forward and pay attention for a little while, not so much the scale, but how those clothes fit. - And I think it's fair to say that when you've been losing significant weight, 1/2 a pound to two pounds a week for months at a time, the body is healing tremendously, and just needs that time to maybe play catch up. And we can't explain exactly the timeline, but it's normal. - It is, right? And the timeline can be frustrating. I always stay to people, you know, if I could tell you the exact day the plateau would end, if I could say, all right, don't worry, because January 2nd, it's really just the 2018. By the time 2019 rolls around, January 2nd you're gonna be out of this plateau. You know everybody could really sit back and say that's fine, I can get there. But the frustrating thing is we don't have that exact notion of when it's going to be over. And so it's just looking at the successes you've had in the past and continuing to plug forward.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KetoCookbooksCorner [1 likes]: It's great to see you addressing this issue and sharing your strategies for overcoming it. Your insights will undoubtedly help others who may be struggling to break through their plateau. Thank you for your guidance!
  2. @jeffallen4113 [1 likes]: Miss you Sarah!!!
  3. @franciscocamarillo7518: Thank you ill continue  moving forward
  4. @Lyra_galactic: I experienced plateau on keto combined with 18:6 IF at 20kg mark, after staring iron supplements combined with shilajit (for reducing my massive menstrual bleeding which caused anemia in the first place).
  5. @paulhailey2537: EAT MORE FAT
  6. @kenshey3912: I’m 8months stalled… I’ve cycled far intake… I’ve watched my salt intake (water weight)… oura ring shows good sleep…
  7. @jdh992: I became constipated on keto after losing 7kg. I believe my metabolism has slowed to a stand still because I've not lost even a gram in a week. Should I exit keto l, get my bowels going again. Then get back on keto? Only been on it a couple of weeks and I did fall off it accidentally once by having too many carbs one day.
  8. @stephensimon7621: all of these guru's don't have a clue what is gong on.  Plateaus are real, and metabolism is extremely complex, and we know very little about it.  the medical is still coloring with crayons when it comes to metabolism. it seems all types of dieting have them, and they eventually work themselves out,
  9. @StigBubblecard1: I wish American women would stop talking with that ridiculous forced vocal fry.
  10. @UrsaBella: Remember that fat is calorie dense. If you are eating too much fat you may not be burning enough fat. Increase physical activity like walking.
  11. @hollymollyann: Very reassuring. Thank you for this info, because I was a bit frustrated.
  12. @ReneeAnnHebert: Thanks!
  13. @EVWorldwide: Take effective metabolism boost pills(available on Amazon). 
For survival- after a while,  your brain sends a signal to your body to slow down your metabolism because it thinks you’re dying if you lose too much weight quickly 😂
Our bodies are so amazing but kickstarting your metabolism should help
  14. @nicholassmith6019: First 3 months:  lost 48 lbs
Next 3 months: lost 0 lbs

Never changed diet, and still strict.  I don't get it.
  15. @happyeatsnow: No real answers here.
  16. @Banjomute: If this is keto why did you say count calories?
  17. @scizophrenic2602: alright then i am absolutely frustrated with my plateau after some great success, but if its just a temporary thing then ill take a break and go back to what i was doing before the plateau. i do need a break though i am completely drained of trying and actually giving a shit about this whole damn keto thing for now.
  18. @stringman509: I've  lost 28 lbs in 7 weeks  now stopped loosing  weight  ?
  19. @carloloturco1659: Muscle Weighs More
  20. @carloloturco1659: Stuck @ 209 For Five Weeks Before That Lost 32 In 32 Weeks

- How I BREAK My Weight Loss Plateaus | My Top Tips for Breaking Stalled Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel i'm myra from low carb love and today we're going to be talking about a very hot topic something that happens to all of us no matter what diet you are following is plateaus right we've all been there done that we hate it and i want to talk to you about what i've done personally um and what i've known just from friends around me that have been on a weight loss journey and what has helped them when they do hit a plateau so number one thing now for those of you that don't know before i get started um i've lost over 135 pounds i've um maintained my weight loss for over 15 years so i'm just speaking from personal experience obviously throughout all those years i've definitely had um hit plateaus they've been super super frustrating especially when you think you're doing everything right and you're like what the heck right um so number one thing is tracking tracking your macros are you tracking right because i don't know if you've ever tried tracking now i'll be honest i will be honest um tracking is not one of the things that i love i hate it actually because i'm very unorganized and i'm not a structured person so i feel like it just tracking and myra they just don't go but i think it's really important especially if you're just getting started or if you reach the plateau because it's short term right tracking is really important because you don't know how much you're eating until you track it's crazy okay it is crazy when you actually weigh out your food and you measure your food what like 500 calories looks like what 200 calories of almonds looks like like it's like this not like this okay um i remember the first time i ever tried tracking almonds i was like no no you you've got to be kidding me like i'm not gonna have 27 almonds okay because i want like a whole bowl right i'm all about bulk like i need volume in my life so i was very disappointed okay very sad when i saw what the serving size of almonds were because i had been eating like six servings of almonds in one city when you track for at least a few days you're going to be surprised and you will see that there's probably something that's a little off but if it's not okay but if it's not then there's obviously something else so i have my little list another thing um and this is like besides excessively snacking and just kind of like you know just going overboard um another thing that i think can help that has helped me for sure has been intermittent fasting i told you i'm not structured tracking i i don't like it okay i don't know if you like it some people love it some people live by it like they are like trackers so intermittent fasting really has helped me because whenever i start seeing um my jeans start fitting tight i hit a plateau i'm like what you know i'm actively trying to lose some weight at this point whatever like usually that's for the holidays right because guys let's be honest holidays i want to eat i want soups i want hearty stuff i want comfort foods and i gain some weight so like after holidays i actively start trying to lose weight again and there are times where i'm just like what am i what am i doing wrong here you know and so when i intermittent fast i have a window right because i can stay between windows like that i can do intermittent fasting i feel it it helps me because i stay within a window and then i just have my food within that time i eat until i'm full okay i'm not gonna binge like remember i mean come on if you're trying to lose fat and you're trying to see the scale move like you're not gonna sit there and like pig out right no one's gonna see results that way so you need to be realistic about your your your results you need to be realistic about your goals if your goal is fat loss your goal is weight loss like you need to put in work okay so um intermittent fasting works for me because it um so the reason why it works here let's explain that really quickly say i stopped eating at six pm remember like i'm not gonna eat until the next day let's say nine ten eleven so your body is able to burn let's use me as an example my body burns off my last meal and then it um has all this time from like six to whatever let's say 10 a.m i usually break my fast around 11 12 um all these hours to basically tap into my fat sources um and then it starts burning my own fat and that's like again that's like another video but i just want to let you guys know that it is helpful especially if you're not a tracker so far we tracking tracking macros intermittent fasting can help especially if you're not a tracker exercise number three some people don't work out at all okay and then some people work out too much and some people do the same exact exact workout all the time every day every time at the gym they're gonna start with you know cardio and then they're gonna move over to the same machines your body gets used to it so um if you always do cardio i've done it before i used to be like a cardio freak like i would go on there i'm like i'm not gonna get off this you know elliptical until i burn a thousand calories and um and so your body gets used to it so what i did was i had to stop doing cardio and start doing weights and i mean i you know i didn't have a trainer so i just kind of go in there and like um do enough ways to where my muscles are burning like you know i felt my legs they started to feel like noodles and i'm like okay i feel like good about this you know i felt like i was getting a good workout um and if you're doing what's the other one if you're doing maybe you're just pushing your body way too hard like if you're pushing your body way too hard think about it like you're you're thinking like i did wrong i did bad this weekend oh my gosh like i need to go to the to the gym and i just work out like crazy if you burn too many calories your body goes into starvation mode so you have to keep that in mind like your body's smart okay it's not you can't like you can't um think that you're going to outsmart your body and you're going to pretend like you're doing something good like your body knows what's up so um just always remember that that your body is a survivor and if you are not feeding your body your body goes into star your body will go into starvation mode there's gonna be no fat loss no weight loss your body is gonna hold on to everything that you eat trust me i have been there i've been in a place in my life where i was trying to eat a thousand calories burned a thousand calories at the gym you know i lived off of like these little shakes oh my gosh i can't i can't even tell you about the things i used to do when i first first started i remember i was a kid i didn't know what i was doing all i knew is that i was gonna do it and so um and again i told you guys like if you guys want to hear you know about that i can totally talk about it sometimes it does bring back like these old memories because um i remember the struggle like that i really went through and it's hard like to think about it but like i'm definitely willing to share it with you guys especially if you're struggling with that and it's something that you guys would want to hear and i just kind of see my experience and how i came out of it but i've been there you don't want to do it your body goes into starvation mode and it goes downhill from there okay so another thing that i didn't even um really pay attention to um i i've always been one of those people that says like oh like i'll sleep when i'm dead sleep is a waste like i've definitely been that person i know like a lot of you might love your sleep i've never been that person like i i used to go to bed at three in the morning be up at six you know like boom boom boom all day long all day long like just go go go go on energy drink on coffee like i literally lived off coffee and so um you need to understand that your body needs rest needs rest like now i prioritize rest and sleep but it's huge so if you're not sleeping and you're like no but i'm working out and i'm tracking and i'm everything i'm doing everything right are you sleeping are you sleeping enough so ask yourself that like and you have to be honest because at the end of the day it's like you know it's just you you can't lie you can lie to everyone else but you can't lie to yourself are you sleeping enough what about your stress level like sometimes you need to understand that like if you put too much on your plate that's gonna cut like what happens is you you um raise your cortisol levels and it's downhill from there there's gonna be no fat loss and i know you're like wait but what do i do i don't know like you need to really take a step back what are you doing what is causing you to stress out in your life what do you feel like you know is it work is it a significant other is it you know like kids sometimes it could be kids is it a friend that's just like a debbie downer you know so you need to figure out what you can do whether it be yoga whether it be meditating whether it be like at the end of the day you need to take a bath and literally tell everyone you need to leave me alone this is my own time like i need to relax you know and then there's supplements like ashwagandha and like other things that help a lot for stress but sleep and stress is huge huge huge okay so if that's you're doing everything else right and you're not sleeping or you have a lot of stress in your life then you need to step back and think about that because that might be it and then of course the last thing that um you hear it all the time but are you doing it is hydrating so i'm bad with water everyone will tell you i live off of sparkly waters i love sparkling water and um the one thing that i do drink a lot are electrolytes so that's the one good thing is that um i love um just like all pretty much all flavors um you guys know i love ultima if you follow me on instagram you know i've been using them for like over through like two and a half years um like right now i'm just having a little cup it's hot you know you guys can see the sun's um kind of coming down already and i feel um i just feel good drinking it hydration is so important okay like it's just important period like even if it's not electrolytes i would recommend you take electrolytes especially if you're like low carb or keto but if you're not at least drink water at least hydrate your body um but it's super super important guys hydration drinking electrolytes and minerals i will link the these electrolytes are delicious these are ultima this is a lemonade i'll link it down below i also have a mineral supplement that i take i will link that down below um you can use my discount code you get a 20 off with it but they even sell them like now at walmart and at whole foods so like if you're out and about you can actually get it but if not i i will um leave the link and you can use my discount code and get a 20 off but hydration is so so important so those are the things that i would recommend if you hit a plateau and you are you know you are just like beyond like i have no idea why i cannot lose weight are you tracking you might be eating a little too much or too little okay remember you can also eat too few mode it's over remember your body is super important and you cannot lie to it um secondly is intermittent fasting if you're not a tracker try intermittent fasting try to shorten your window so you don't do too much snacking that's my problem i'm like a snacking queen guys i'm telling you right now if you're like me that's number two exercise if you um have been doing too much cardio maybe try weight training if you have been weight training just way too much because you're just like that person that you're like i'm gonna be in here three hours and i'm just gonna go for it because i have goals maybe you're pushing your body just way too much you know um so think about all that um sleep and stress huge huge huge if your cortisol level is raised don't forget about weight loss so think about that what do you need do you need a bubble bath you need to go do some yoga do you need to meditate think about it take a step back what are you doing lastly electrolytes and hydration hydrate hydrate hydrate carry those big bottles like you guys see val and ara when they're around here they have these big tubs with them i need one but at least i know i drink sparkling waters and i drink my electrolytes every single day i know i'm good there um guys that's all i have for you for a plateau these are the things that have helped me personally um throughout my weight loss journey and throughout all these years um if you want a little more of me make sure you follow me on instagram and on tik tok i share recipe ideas the food that i eat my stories it basically just gives you a glimpse into my everyday life um and yeah you guys can connect with me a little easier on there but i love my youtube fam thank you guys for being here and i will see you on the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @anisrazlan1837 [1 likes]: I have been doing all the things right but entering week 3, my body refuses weight loss. I am just stuck at 120kg! Then Mayra said "don't eat too less" and that's it! I have lost so much appetite that I could not bring myself to eat anything. Even plain water tastes like metal. I tried force feeding myself though but I ended up feeling nauseous all day long. I am on a brink of giving up 😭😭
  2. @shutuptuboca: I feel like the best thing for me is to just increase my calories for a week or so, bc I can’t possibly lower my calories more or exercise more because I’m already a very very active person and my calories are already very low
  3. @brendanaidoo3240: I did not have weight issues before,  had my appendix removed and I can't get rid of belly fat 😢it's so frustrating
  4. @samanthabrinley6597: Tracking is the death of me
  5. @krupasanghavi7151: How much months of your platue? Pls mam reply
  6. @shereehudnell7885: You are amazing! and you remind me of my niece. But thank you and I thank GOD I found your page. Your recipe's so far have not let me down. I have been on Atkins before and have lost 30lbs and kept it off. I was about 215lb give or take. COVID hit and plateaued and did not know what to do and put some weight back on. Im still in the under 200 club but have been getting dangerously close. So  now I am back on low carb and hated using almond/coconut flour I would choke off it. But your recipe's are saving me.. THANK YOU and GOD Bless you.
  7. @terrymcmaster2787: It’s easier for you to lose weight because are overweight
  8. @TereserFranssen-r5x: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Tru completely changed how I approach weight loss. It’s a must-read!th,
  9. @สุนนท์ปิญาอึ้งสกุล: I thought I’d tried everything until I found Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth. This book is next-level helpful!
  10. @HollerChevertone: Why isn’t everyone talking about Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth ebook? It’s seriously the best thing I’ve read on weight loss
  11. @SarahJ.Berger: If you’re struggling with weight loss, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth is the book you need. It’s amazing
  12. @ValerWhistlecraft: The insights in Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth blew my mind! I’ve tried so many different things, but this book gave me real, actionable steps to see results. Highly recommend!
  13. @AntinerBryceso: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, opened my eyes to so many things I didn’t know. If you're struggling with weight loss, this is a must-read!
  14. @KellyaneTillerton: Best thing I ever did was reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, after applying the knowledge I got from the book I feel like the cellulite is magically disappearing from my body
  15. @NinnettewCannan: The fact that nobody talks about the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, speaks volumes about how people are stuck in a trance
  16. @BernetterSergenta: Finding the ‘woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth’ ebook should be your top priority, even if it’s the last thing you do in life
  17. @GreeredMarson: Drop whatever you are doing and go read the book Womans’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, its absolutely life changing, trust me on this
  18. @IgnazadRable: Me personally, I started losing the most weight after reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, a few things you are mentioning in this video are also in the book
  19. @EnglebertCrackne: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, completely changed how I approach weight loss. It’s a must-read!
  20. @KirikaSeki: The best desicion I ever made was getting the ebook Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, it completly changed my life

- Keto Plateau, When Weight Loss Stalls on a Keto Diet: Kind: captions Language: en okay so what time was your bedtime last night yeah so last night something caught up with me and it was the earliest that I've been asleep in two weeks and I went to bed at 9:00 which is so sad actually that's not sad you get up at five o'clock in the morning right yeah it's like 5:15 so you know those are five hours till midnight and then if you're gonna get eight hours that's you know pushing you to bed by nine o'clock really is what your brain and body would need to not produce the cortisol which is going to be your enemy and so you look at when people hit a plateau and I know you you you asked me about this a couple of days ago and we were chatting and I said I'm going to unpack this on camera because it's such a common problem that when people hit a plateau if you slow down and unpack what's causing it and then what the solution is there's usually a there's usually something and you know yes menopause can happen and hormones take over but even during that if if you can rein in the things you can control those are gonna be the places where the plateau doesn't need the last six weeks but it might be a chapter where you say you know I've tried to be really careful not just with you but in in the patient when a patient's going through a journey if I say here's the plan and I'm the dictator the chances that plan works out or it's a good thing yeah unless they have like life-threatening you're gonna die if you don't do this then I get very authoritative and you know take over but for that's not most people I mean when you have a story saying alright I have this goal I've had a couple of setbacks with an you know not feeling well and then holidays and by the way my kiddos are home from you know is it college and then just when does school start again for them so we've got two days all right and what on Tuesday what's typical for your family as far as bedtime routine Wow probably the nine ten o'clock hour is very typical right okay so and you can see after two weeks of it trickling you know later with family time you know doing holiday routine your body is pushing back saying oh no I'm tired and nine o'clock last night felt like oh please just I need to go to bed I thought it was I thought it was one o'clock in the morning I didn't even wake up until 6:30 8:00 the next morning that sounds like a tired woman yeah I was yeah and you know it's a great example though to say you know when people talk about the human body and say you know doc I have all these symptoms I have you know my favorite stories are the ones with brain fog they present to the clinic they're usually a new patient and they say you know what I'm my I can't think as well I can't concentrate I've got low energy I feel depressed I worry all the time and I and I almost go through this list of checkboxes to say I wonder how many symptoms your body is going to tell you before you start to listen to say slow down reset the routine these are these are signals that your body is saying hey I have a message I wonder how loud I'm gonna have to speak before you listen yeah and I think this is a great example of saying you know what this is just a chapter a season of you know holidays and kid routine there's gonna be a time not too many years from now where kids don't come home for the holidays this year or or there is it and you're gonna think back saying oh I'm so glad I took the time to stay up and play a game with them and to be present with them when they were you know in the year of 2019 yeah just embrace the moment and say okay but it is gonna wrinkle your metabolism and it has because when you do everything right and it is so frustrating you know you are doing everything right it is the most frustrating when it's something like cortisol that is taking control it your surroundings yes right so there's a couple of things I I think I know at the first when we first started this I I had you check you know morning fasting sugars with morning ketones and I think you've been pretty like five to seven times a week you probably checked them but that first week we also had you check it a little later in the day like a couple other times just out of curiosity and then I said you don't have to do this every day this is just kinda you getting an understanding of what does your sugar look like what are your ketones look like and that first week or two I test your glucoses are really nice you know I think they were like 80s and in the 70s I mean maybe one of them was in the 90s and then your ketones were all above one like one point eight one point six they were very very hearty and I'm remembering this right yeah right yeah yep oh yeah and so now we're to this chapter where you're like okay morning fasting glucose is they're not bad you said eighty was the one morning give me a couple other morning glucose 70 75 80 80 I think was the worst that's - okay ever need something 80 so first of all you just need to say that's really good I mean most of the people that I run into a plateau with their morning fasting sugars are hanging out around the 90s to 100 and now under 110s but ninety to one something's okay and so that that still is a really good sugar it means the problem is easy to fix you're gonna be fine the second thing that happens though is if you remember that first thing we had you do was which was new to your routine was a very strict twelve hours with nothing but salt water yes so if we took you from the 18 months of I'm on a ketogenic diet I'm eating all the the right things my rep macros are good you understand the diet really well and then I say all right we are going to go to a very strict zone of no calories and you're like okay I can do that okay so once you did that we saw these ketones go to what I think wouldn't have been as good if if we could go back in time before we started that 12-hour window I would contend that your ketones would have been in this range that 0.6 0.4 0.7 0.5 that would have been the stable level where your metabolism is just just it's meeting the needs but it's not sparking extra ketones okay and the reason I can have a lot of confidence in guessing that is because you're weightless plateaued yeah essentially we're back to a similar story which is she still got really good glucose as her sugars are nice I mean it does make this much easier when the sugars are as good as yours are but what's happened is the body produces ketones based on what your demand is so you're producing ketones and you're using them and most but you'll produce the ketones from the food you eat first and then the storage so right now you're producing enough ketones to get through the day you know a little nap this last day or two still says maybe your energy could be better if we pushed you a little harder but your body's matching the needs of what you're asking for mm-hmm so as we say all right we have some explanations as to why there's no weight loss and part of that's going to be that you're producing enough ketones to match the fuel but you're also pushing that cortisol up which means that there's insulin around so glucose and insulin are gonna be fighting that you know you've got nice glucose but the reason you do is you make insulin to keep the glucose is low I can check your insulin I mean we can but again the way we're kind of guessing insulin is based on how well are the sugars controlled and then how many ketones are present so when when ketones are higher the insulin is lower and that is weight loss so whenever I say the word insulin I would like your brain to sing insulate weight loss and you can't insulate so insulin being higher says okay you're gonna keep the fat stored in those fat cells and you're not gonna have any weight loss if you want weight loss we need the insulating hormone to be less and that means the ketones are going to be higher so step one for you is gonna be let's get you back in the normal routine of bedtime around at nine nine to ten o'clock and sleeping through the night getting back up to the day you know that it's normal routine so having said that though if you're saying but doc I really want the weight loss I really need the weight loss and I think you know that's the reason we're doing this so I'm gonna assume that's gonna be your answer yes all right so in the past we've done what I would say is a pretty strict 12-hour fasting you say all right doc I I want this plateau to be over I'm gonna push you to do a longer fast when we do this though the best way for you to learn about you and of course we have an audience that's also kind of curious this is a very fun teachable moment to say what's really happening here so do you have your glucose monitor around please subscribe to my channel and don't forget to click the notification bell so you don't miss out on any new videos stay tuned [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisPbacon0U812 [12 likes]: For me personally, fasting is the easiest and best way to break a plateau. I have to do a minimum of 3 days. It always works.
  2. @liveforchrist1474 [5 likes]: I eat zero carbs for three days, it always gets me ketosing again. No sweeteners, no caffeine, just whole meats and fats. I learned it from Dr. Atkin's book titled Dr. Atkin's New Diet Revolution, it's the book my dad followed to loose all his weight in a year and a half- from 400 some lb down to 130 lb. 
Keto weight plateau can be caused by mistakes such as:

1. Consuming the wrong sweeteners. Some sweeteners are too high in carbs for keto dieting. Maltodextrin and Aspartame are two examples, Aspartame isn't good for the health at all and shouldn't be consumed.

2. Caffeine can spike insulin so much that you can't see weightloss so be careful how much you consume.

3. After a cheat day or cheat meal you have to start over and eat zero carbs for a few days to get your body to start ketosing again. That's how the body works there's no way around it.

4. Not eating enough fat while ketosing can cause slowed weightloss. Eating fats , especially rich animal fats, causes the body to ketose more heavily, satisfies appitite much better, and is used for energy if the body is ketosing.

5. You can test carb content honesty of packaged products with your Keto Sticks ( urine test strips )so you know which foods are slowing your weight loss too much.
  3. @ArabellaCharm [4 likes]: Lost 3 pounds first 3 days. Stalled for past 6 days. I'm in moderate ketosis. I'm at the point of eating ground beef, eggs, and spinach only. No underlining health conditions. I've done low carb/ high fat for 15 years on and off. The older I get the less I lose. My body just rejects losing weight unless I practically starve myself. It's sad because I used to lose 15 pounds in two weeks on low carb.
  4. @chaba49 [3 likes]: Im 5 min into the video and ????
  5. @paulabautista2209 [2 likes]: 6 weeks and I'm on a plateau. Doing a 20:4 IF but has been on a plateau for a week and a half. I'm gonna try to fast for 48 hours and see if the scale would budge.
  6. @samposampo9432 [2 likes]: Love your channel. I am listening to your audiobook while driving to work. We have two kids (7 and10). Could you make some videos on how to transition as a („standard“) carb family to a low carb/keto lifestyle?
  7. @gladitude9 [1 likes]: Wish I had nothing else to do but spend all my time listening to these videos, but I don’t. I wish many of these were cut in half; too much chatter that you have to hang on as you wait for the information you’re waiting for. You have to go down a long garden path to get to your destination, and sometimes, your brain checks out and you miss it.
  8. @das6708: Is there a part II "'...do you have your glucose monitor around?" was the last thing said.
  9. @huubee5171: Measure my ketones daily, sometimes twice and they are always in the 3 - 6 range, never down to 1 or 2. What is wrong and does it indicate a serious underlying problem?
  10. @Nemo-ic5tb: The plateau where you got this word sounds beautiful. In the disease there are the words crisis, i.e. the rise of the disease, the decline of the disease and remission, weakening or decrease. Those. the process of movement of disease or recovery. Plateau geographical designation (fr. Plateau, from plat - "flat") - an elevated plain with a flat or wavy, weakly divided surface, bounded by distinct ledges from the adjacent plain spaces of the earth's surface. The plateau has no movement due to the fact that it is a plane. The plateau has only displacement due to the shift of tectonic plates. We are constantly on it on the plateau. It does not rise and fall. I did not understand. What does medicine and geography do. There is a name stable remission. Reconvalescence is a recovery process. normal life of the body after an illness. Stable (lat. Balance) state of health. Have not tried to repeat the textbook of geography.
  11. @Nemo-ic5tb: This geographical concept of the Plateau is over 300 years old. The concept of a plateau was introduced by illiterate people. To deceive you These people who wrote this nonsense are not medical education. There is no concept of Plateau in human anatomy and medicine Professor of Medicine from Russia
  12. @Zugmaschine: Hello Doc. Can OMAD cause a Plateau? Iam in Ketosis since December 2019. I lost 25kg but have still 15kg to go. Since i start with Keto, 9 weeke ago, i have not lost any weight? Cant OMAD cause my Plateau?
  13. @NanaBecky2023: I'm one of those with high fbs today, fbs 115, ketones 1.5= ratio of 76 How can I get the morning fbs's lower?
  14. @juanguillen8216: Hi Dr. Boz!  First time listening to you. I have a question: what does Under 80, under 40 & under 20 means? TKS.
  15. @dbsali3793: Dr. Box, on another site, I read that  return weight gain happens with long term use of keto diet . Please weigh in.
Thank you.
  16. @T-Slider: I hear Dr. B. Talking about posting numbers on iGram, but I don’t know where to go or how to do it. Can someone point me in the right direction please? In Florida, old, 74 but not dead...........................................................YET!
  17. @T-Slider: Follow up: 1:18am Sun. 30th hour into fast. Weight Sat. Morning down .5 lbs. 2 mi. On treadmill 11:30-12:10. DBR=17.17
  18. @deborahgriswold-hatch5503: What about Ketoacidosis, that could be deadly? Please explain.
  19. @gmannsanchez8090: This also happened to me.i had to increase my fat intake and lower my protein..
  20. @redhotz21: Dr Boz, how much protein is too much protein?  I've been trying keto for over a year now with slow losses or no losses.  My guess is because my protein is always too high to be considered "keto.". 80-90 grams protein leaves me more satisfied than keto 47 grams.

- The Reason You Are Stalled On Keto: Kind: captions Language: en are you doing everything right in keto you're to the point of Keto where you're fat adapted you've lost some weight but you're not quite at that goal weight or those medical problems you're trying to reverse are not gone yet well your stall isn't the tragedy you think it is so what's happening what happened to those abundant ketones why am I not losing weight anymore doc [Music] yeah let's take a closer look at this patient we're going to look at what's happening the last couple of stalls and what's really going on inside her liver all right this patient stalled out where many people stall out she had cut out many of those snacks throughout the day really had limited to eating two times in a day and her diet is a low carb high fat diet indeed she really feels better has lost weight and when looking at her ketones there is a baseline Ketone of about 0.5 which is official nutritional ketosis and then during those hours in this sleeping time she sees that Ketone really rise to over one during that time she has lost the weight she really is feeling good and whenever she checks her ketones she has at least some of them around But as time went on those ketones were almost non-existent the Baseline went to 0.2 so essentially none and even during the nighttime hours where there was no other fuel around the glucose was all gone you could only see a hint of ketones in circulation so she did what I asked she stressed her body and changed the timing of when she ate she put in those two high fat meals around about lunch time and the second one just before seven o'clock at night this stressed her system it did change when the fuel was abundant in her body and again those ketones Rose the Baseline again above about 0.5 and during the evening hours she now bumped back up above one but what happened next was very predictable those ketones sunk and her body went into a phase where she stopped losing weight and wrote in saying doc I'm doing everything you asked me to what's going on let's take a closer look at what is actually going on inside her liver her liver is healthy her liver is also in charge of the one major job of delivering Fuel and the first fuel that your liver delivers is glucose inside this healthy liver there are three sources of fuel that we can see in this diagram number one is just plain old glucose number two is stored glucose called glycogen and number three is fat in the order of necessity when the body asks for fuel it will deliver the rapid fuel first and in our bodies that is glucose so as she eats or asks for fuel during the day there may be a trickle of ketones coming out of her liver but it is mostly glucose and that happens until all of this storage is empty or at least mostly empty it's only when that rapidly delivered resource is gone that you will see this this rise in Ketone production as her body starts taking those fats and spinning them into ketones that's when she sees this bump in her ketones at night and unfortunately if it takes all stinking day to empty her liver then she's not going to see much of those ketones so why are her ketones so low why is she stalled the number one answer is a state of ketosis is wasteful this energy is not the most efficient use of energy when your body takes fat whether it's from storage or the fat you eat and it spins it into a ketone you cannot store it again that fuel is destined for one of two locations number one you can use it as energy you can send it through a mitochondria and fuel a cell with abundant energy but if you don't do that with it you are going to pee it out you are going to waste it and this wastefulness is a critical part of how our body functions it's how we've survived through the years when famine hits when our system says hey there are no more easy resources in the refrigerator we need you to go out and find resources again and of course in modern day that's not very common that we go out and hunt for our resources but it is a part of our bodies that we continually tap into as we were evolving if it was time to go find resources the folks who didn't make it were out of energy the ones who made it were able to take those strings of fat and produce an abundant amount of ketones and it was okay if you overshot it was okay if the body had an enormous amount of energy so much that you're peeing out a bunch of ketones because the critical step for winning man over Beast or harvesting that crop was to not run out of energy so our bodies are designed to flip into ketosis to reach this wastefulness in order to keep our resources abundant but the next step your body does is it adapts it looks at what is typically coming in how much can it store in that liver and then it decreases the amount of that wasteful product called a ketone body that's why you stalled it is a sign that you're actually healthier than you were let's take another look so here's our patient who did a great job of limiting the meals to two high fat meals per day her body has used that fuel and produced glucose put it into her liver and she is only eating during a certain number of hours of the day her eating window is pretty tight five or six hours but there is this Zone where her body produces glucose from that stimulus of cortisol to wake her up in the morning and then there's only a few short hours between the last time her liver has glucose to donate to the body before that cortisol Rises the next morning so what does the neck stress look like yeah it's going to be to slide that eating window closer to Sunrise and what does that do that increases the number of hours that she goes without any glucose and this of course Rises the production of ketones putting her into that wastefulness that state of ketosis where she uses fat to fuel her body and as a result loses weight and works on several of those chronic diseases are you on the keto diet with a 0.2 ketones in the morning are you stalled and want to know well how do I get rid of these medical problems how do I get those final pounds off the next step is along the keto Continuum check out this next video I'll show you how that looks

  Top Comments:
  1. @boricuamom87 [11 likes]: So basically fast longer.
  2. @terrynhemken5635 [3 likes]: Still don’t get how I can gain weight on a stall, cut a lot of the foods out, be between 3-11 carbs a day and only doing OMAD between 5 or 6 in the evening.
  3. @gathercreatelivewithleslie8340 [3 likes]: QUESTION??? Will this just not work for some people???? I've been keto for over four years and carnivore now for four months. I limit protein, do higher fat and less than 1800 cal a day and still no weight loss. Did only the sardines yesterday like you recommend and my ketones actually dropped on only three cans for the whole day. I'm so frustrated. Starting another day of just the sardines, like you recommend doing three days then fasting three days. When I'm carnivore I do pork and beef, salt and water and butter only. I keep track of all macros and no coffee. Makes no sense. .4 ketones on waking and taken within 15 minutes.
  4. @iamnadeemsultan [2 likes]: I have the same routine 1 pm lunch 6pm dinner. fasting is more powerful to produce than keto diet. Fasting with keto works the best and dont forget HIIT training trust me you will thank me later. I am now 74 kg from 126kg through this method.
the biggest mistake i made and you are probably making is eating super loading fats. I used to drink two bullet proof coffee in a day. I quit the evening bullet proof and got dramatic results. KETO diet is high fat but dont overdo.
  5. @johnnaappleseed9844 [2 likes]: Is it recommended or advisable for someone who has been “off the wagon” as Dr. Boz says, to do a 72 hour sardine challenge to get back on track?
  6. @dianefrank3688 [1 likes]: I am never hungry until I eat, but once I eat I am always hungry.  Therefore I do not eat until 3pm and no matter how healthy I am, or how keto I am,  I must fight the hungry signal the rest of the day.   I actuall can fast 24 or more hours as I have no hunger until I eat,.
  7. @sdpsd25 [1 likes]: So, in essence, eating makes you fat, and not eating makes you not fat.
  8. @sixpackbinky [1 likes]: Ugh don’t know how well I’ll do without eating supper.
  9. @cragar7038 [1 likes]: I'm very confused about the Dr Boz ratio. I do a very accurate tracking using cronometer of my meals and unless I'm majorly misunderstanding or doing something wrong it's impossible to get a low Dr Boz ratio unless always fasting. I recently did a 5 day fast while sick and had it down to 18, but an OMAD day of eating 20g total carbs, 50G protein and 100G fat yesterday, this gave me a 160 ratio 24 hours after the meal. don't get me wrong, I've lost over 110 lbs and don't have any excessive loose skin to speak of, I still have about 10% bodyfat to lose and seek the autophagy to keep recycling and tightening the skin as I go. So I don't believe I should be doing a 72-120  hour fast as often as when I started out a 311 pounds. I've reached the point where it's fat percentage more than total body weight going forward. so how do you get a good fat burning ratio while still eating a minimum of 100G of protein and 100-200G of fat each day?
  10. @Kubanoski5230: Final pounds.. dont be silly i have 4 stone to lose
  11. @pwd-o5g: Is drinking coconut oil in my coffees right in the morning bad for ketosis?
  12. @patrickbuick5459: 1:21 I will ask again. I keep seeing a BLOOD ketone meter, but I can't find one yet. Any links?
  13. @annmead1972: Weight plateau and can’t get glucose numbers to drop. I’m sad.
  14. @ianamyot: What is they next video? So frustrating when youtubers do this. Way not include a link to the next video?
  15. @ladyleaner200: So…. A good explanation but WHERE IS THE LINK YOU MENTIONED TO THE NEXT VIDEO???
  16. @normanappleton3627: You were interesting until you introduced the myth of EVOLUTION. Certainly some primitive people groups still hunt for food, but that does not mean they are short on food
  17. @victord8866: sorry but it doesn't make sense that those spikes up to 140mg/dL came from just 20 net carbs a day, meaning each meal had 10 net carbs. In any case it probably was 20 net carbs PER meal, meaning 40 total net carbs a day. And maybe even more. A lot of people underestimate how many carbs they're eating, so basically not following a proper keto diet. If anything she should've been glad that at least she reached nutritional ketosis, aka 0.5 mmol/dL.
  18. @faustopereira3644: Doing keto for a year   2MAD very low carb. Yeah, my ketones lowered to 0.5 after 3 months. But i am ok with that. Kept the weight loss os 20 kg.
  19. @ronin2167: So, if I'm doing Keto diet, and exercising on top of it, the excess ketones won't show up in my urine because it's being used for energy when I exercise?
  20. @kristyk2276: Dr Boz, can you or have you done a video on how ketogenic can help a cirrhotic liver?🙏🙏❤️

- Low Carb Weight Loss Stalled? Here's Why & What to Do: Kind: captions Language: en following a well-formulated low-carb diet is a great way to reach your weight loss goal however like any goal it takes time and there will be moments when you feel like you are doing all of the right things but not getting the results you expect it is frustrating when weight loss stalls in this video i will share six reasons why it happens and what you can do to accelerate your results when you start a diet of any type sugar and refined carbohydrates like pasta chips cookies and baked goods are the first things that go when you ate those foods in the past they caused a spike in a hormone called insulin and insulin has some functions that are of interest to dieters for instance when insulin is elevated fat loss is blocked and your body retains water so you can see how cutting out these insulin spiking foods can result in a rapid loss of weight some of which is fat and some water and that rapid drop in weight is fun to see however it can make it seem like weight loss stalls in future weeks as your body regains its balance with water again therefore the first reason for a weight loss stall is due to a natural protective mechanism that your body has called homeostasis your body is always working to maintain homeostasis which is the balance or stability it needs to keep you going for instance if you were to lose too much water your body would not have what it needs to run your metabolism so after an initial drop in water weight it is not uncommon for your weight loss to stall as your body finds its water balance again while it may be the challenging thing to do if your weight loss stalls within the first couple of weeks the best approach is to stay the course patience is certainly hard to come by but in the early stages simply giving your body time to adapt will allow the results to continue now this video is focused on low carb dieting and reducing your overall carb intake can give you an edge carbohydrates are a type of macronutrient that we get from the foods we eat they cause more of an insulin spike than the other two macronutrients which are protein and fat when insulin levels are low fat can be released from body fat helping you lose weight and this is why a low carb high fat moderate protein diet works so well for many people however what if weight loss stalls despite eating this way one of the reasons may be insulin resistance when you have insulin resistance your cells do not respond to insulin properly because of this insulin remains in your bloodstream longer than it should blocking fat loss and this condition is very common and it is often caused by eating a diet high in refined carbohydrates being inactive and being overweight especially if you carry a lot of the excess weight around your midsection the good news is that your cells can become more insulin sensitive over time as you continue to eat a healthy low-carb diet insulin sensitivity is also enhanced through exercise and intermittent fasting so as i often say give your body what it needs and it will give you what you want while it is true that insulin resistance can slow or stall weight loss sticking with these positive diet and lifestyle habits can get your body back on track another common reason that weight loss can stall on a low carb diet is something that i refer to as carb creep if you've been on a low carb diet for a while it is easy to start loosening the rolls and mindlessly pop a few healthy low carb treats into your mouth that you wouldn't have done at the start of your diet and those little treats can add up without us being consciously aware before you know it your total carb intake for the day has crept up to a point where it is interfering with fat burning to prevent carb creep keep track of the number of total carbohydrate grams that you consume each day by doing this you avoid mindlessly taking in too many carbs for your metabolism and i will add that carb creep is an easy trap to fall into especially if you are relying on keto snacks and desserts the growing popularity of low carbon keto diets has led to an onslaught of keto friendly products these foods may be low in net carbs but can be high in total carbs and this is where it gets tricky food manufacturers can manipulate ingredients to reduce the net carb content of a packaged food however these keto friendly items do not always deliver the metabolic free ride that they promise they are often refined and sweetened which can lead to an increase in insulin and cravings making it harder for you to lose weight this is why i recommend tracking your total not net carb intake particularly if you are buying keto friendly foods another issue with keto friendly foods is that they are often calorie dense and this leads to the next reason that weight loss can stall on a low carb diet which is consuming too many calories just as it is easy to loosen the rules and allow your carbohydrate intake to increase it is easy to mindlessly increase your calorie consumption to a point where your body's energy needs are being met and when this happens there's no reason for your body to go to the effort to pull fat from storage so weight loss stalls here again the solution is to track your intake this time tracking your calorie intake which is a valuable thing to do even if you think that you have a good idea of how much you are eating studies have shown that we are notoriously bad at estimating our food intake in one study participants were invited to eat an all-american fast food meal consisting of a hamburger fries and ice cream after the meal the participants were asked to estimate how much they ate they under-reported the portion size of every food and they underestimated their calorie intake by up to 40 percent so it's interesting to see just how bad we can be at estimating our food intake yet the study i shared had participants eat fast foods most of us realize that it is easy to overeat fast foods and processed foods what you may find surprising is that eating too much fruit can stall weight loss in individuals with a sluggish metabolism now fruit is packed with fiber vitamins and antioxidants which are all great things for your body however if you have a stubborn metabolism and your weight loss has stalled you may want to take a look at your fruit consumption metabolic issues caused by years of drinking soda and sweetened drinks or eating a poor diet high in high fructose corn syrup make it hard for a sluggish metabolism to tolerate fruit now everyone's fruit tolerance is different and the only way to know if fruit is a problem for you is to experiment if your weight loss has stalled reduce the amount of fruit you are eating and focus on lowest sugar fruits these would be things like berries lemons and melons if you'd like a full list of low-carb fruit choices see my video can i eat fruit on a low-carb diet i understand the frustration that comes with stalled weight loss when you make the commitment to change your eating habits you want to see your however no matter how we look at it losing weight is a goal and goals take time and this brings us to another reason that weight loss can stall which is inconsistency to get the full benefits of a low-carb diet you need to train your body to become more reliant on fat for fuel than on carbohydrates for fuel carbs are easy energy so your body will favor them if they are available when you consistently restrict carbs you force your body to create the enzymes and pathways it needs to become a better fat burner therefore if your weight loss has stalled and you've been following a low carb diet part time switch to full time and you'll see a difference and as with any goal there will be days when staying the course feels uncomfortable working through those uncomfortable days is certainly challenging but doing so can be the game changer that you're looking for low carb diets have been a blessing for many people if you are just getting started give your body time to adapt especially if your diet and lifestyle have been poor in the past if you're still not getting the results you want you can break through stalled weight loss by tracking your carb and calorie intake monitoring your fruit intake and being consistent i have many free resources that can help you get on the path to success including my0123 strategy that has been downloaded more than 80 000 times the strategy is free and comes with a free video series that shows you how to get the most out of the strategy and i will leave links for you here on the video and below in the description area please join me here on youtube by clicking the subscribe button thanks for watching and have a great rest of your day

  Top Comments:
  1. @gmmxn [2 likes]: The cause of my weight loss stalled was sweeteners... AVOID that garbage, in my case was stevia.
  2. @Fancy20330969 [1 likes]: Great advice! Btw I love your voice, so calm and peaceful ❤
  3. @beckygillaspy: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  4. @jymetalwood: Thanks for the item
  5. @richardmullins2850: Two year stall gain /loss on low carb /keto I am just tired
  6. @AJTramberg: Stalls are mainly caused by your metabolism  slowing down as you lose weight.  You have to eat less than you burn to lose weight.  Low carb is good, but its not magic. you arent going to burn any body fat if your diet is meeting your caloric needs.

Many low carb dieters eat LOTS of fat, ehen ADD fat sometimes.  Fat is extremely calirie dense.  Remember being in ketosis jus menas youre burning fat, nit necessarily BODY fat.  

You have to move more or eat less.
  7. @rickblevensjr8998: Can you drink diet soda?
  8. @jimvick8397: Anytime I "level out" more than I liked, it meant I wasn't pushing enough and a real suffering workout is called for... Years ago when I dropped from 460 to 350, I was stuck at 350 for what seemed like forever... but I was just doing the normal regiment that got me there over and over... It was at this point I started running really big hills and jogging 7 miles instead of 4-5...  Boom, that got me down to 300 in 5 months... going 300 down to 250 was insanity... running on a stairmaster, exploding the resistance mechanism off spinning bikes doing hill climbs in spinning class, mountain running, and mountain climbing (Yes, I ran up a mountain and yelled "DRAGO!"...  And hanging out with people training for half ironman's and stuff... What I'm saying here is pain will break the stall too...
Tendonitis will let you know if you are doing too much...
  9. @SisterPatGoad: I AM ON CARNIVOR DIET 0 CARBS !!!!
YOUR INFO IS CRAP !!!!!!
  10. @SisterPatGoad: My Glucose is 87, ketones 2.2  eat only Meat and butter, bacon, eggs. WATER.   1st. Week lost 6 lbs. Since then only dropped 2lbs. Keep going. Up and down give ot take 1 to 2 lbs!!!!!!!!
I do not know what to do!!! Becoming very frustrated!! Have fasted even 3 days...still no change. I could scream !!!! Help
  11. @oldtymer9106: this was a great video, after losing 103lbs in ten months I got lazy and 20lbs crept back on me. Now I'm at a stall.
My big takeaways from this is to: 1) count TOTAL carbs, not net carbs. 2) REMEMBER CALORIES STILL COUNT!

Thanks, Doc!
  12. @adelinlivegaming8835: Keto is good but is not true that if you elevate insulin you cannot burn fat. Eat 500 calorie of pure sugar every day for a week and you will lose a lot of weight.
  13. @vanessabanyas164: How do you know if your insulin resistant?
  14. @Emy53: Great advise...thank you.
  15. @johnrieder7579: Do you support the Huskers Dr. Becky?  I can see the rug in front of your door.
  16. @sajeevimahanaga1168: Thank you
Can you please do a video about 
organic milk or yoghurt
  17. @keithcitizen4855: Dr Becky I think this is one of your best videos  - you make such a boring mundane yet highly important subject easy to grasp .
  18. @kylestout4989: Ok type 1 diabetic having a bit of trouble losing weight… loads of stress…drink…can you help?
  19. @আলোsক্রিয়েশন: i have lost 10kg in just 8wk .But i have to loose againg 6kg ...but my weight remains same ....
  20. @vdlresort: I am male and have been on IF and keto for 4 months and have had several stalls. My latest has me in a range of 184-180 for 3 weeks. My A1C is 4.6 keto avg 1.5-3.2 but I can’t seem to break below 180.  Carbs have been below 20 per day during the 3 week period.

- How I BREAK My Weight Loss Plateaus | My Top 10 Tips for Breaking Stalled Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en so if you've been making progress with your weight loss and then all of a sudden it just stops and you cannot get past a certain spot no matter what you try I get asked this question all the time how do I get past a weight loss plateau the good news is this is totally normal it's part of that weight loss journey and let me show you some ways that you can kind of kick your body back into gear to get past that plateau and keep up with your progress so let's get started so before I get into my top ten tips on how to get through a weight loss plateau let me just share it that I've totally been there and it's very disheartening it can be so difficult to be making that progress feel like you're doing everything right heck might either be doing everything right and then all of a sudden your weight loss plateaus and you just don't know what to do and you feel helpless okay so the first step is to breathe just take a second breathe think about how far you've come the transition you're looking for what your goals are also while you're breathing and you're not kicking yourself for not losing any weight think about has anything changed have you been getting the right amount of sleep have you changed your diet is it that time of the month is it possible that something has happened that you just haven't considered yet keep in mind your body is very complicated it's easy to think that we are controlling it based off what we're eating in our exercise and calories in versus calories out but there could be other things that are going on yes it can be so disheartening to step on that scale and still not see any weight loss but that doesn't mean you're not making progress number two track your food if you're finding that you're not making any progress with your weight loss it can be really helpful to start tracking your food tracking your food allows you to really get a baseline of what you're eating understand what macronutrients you're getting in are you eating enough are you getting enough protein are you having too many carbs I recommend using an app like My Fitness Pal to start tracking everything it makes it really easy for you to just write everything down as you're eating them and then if you have no idea what macros you should be following check out my video on how to calculate your own macros so you can get started understanding what your body needs because it could be that you are eating the exact amount that your body needs to maintain your weight and you've gotten to the point after losing all that weight but now you're eating maintenance mode and so you need to kind of understand what you should be eating if you want to continue to lose weight at this point adding in an exercise routine it can be very beneficial to weight loss no it's not a hundred percent necessary but it does help a lot because it adds in your total number of burned calories in a day which means not only are you gonna be burning fat increasing your metabolism and all of that you're also gonna be able to burn more calories every day which is gonna help with your weight loss now I follow with strength training routine but you don't have to do weight lifting if you don't want to there's tons of things you can do and you don't have to do like running on a treadmill or anything like cardio just getting outside walking the dog anything helps just get your body moving the more you move your body the more calories you'll burn the more weight you lash you'll have you want to make sure that you're having enough protein you want to be adding in more protein for a number of reasons one adding in more protein is gonna make you fuller so you're not gonna crave as much other food to make you feel full and satisfied - your body will actually burn more calories and expend more energy breaking down that protein than any other type of macronutrient and three actually eating protein will take longer to digest which will make you feel fuller longer so you're not gonna need to feel like you need to have more snacks after having a high-protein meal definitely take an assessment and check your stress levels now right now stress is very common for many of us with the coronavirus and being stuck at home all these new changes going on but that doesn't mean that stress isn't happening all the time anyway for everybody stress can play a big role in whether or not you're able to lose weight so in addition to having stress make you actually crave more foods that are comforting which will cause you to go binge eat on unhealthy foods which will not help your weight loss stress also causes your body to increase the levels of cortisol and cortisol while it is useful to help reduce stress is also associated with higher weight gain but the good news is even if you're stressed taking some time to do some deep breathing some meditation calming yourself down hey even having an exercise routine that helps relieve that stress plus not being stressed is awesome similar to stress not getting enough sleep can actually have a huge impact on your weight loss as well sleep is incredibly important to your mo shanell mental and physical well-being and it can place such a negative role in your weight gain and not making you feel good about yourself studies have shown that not getting a minimum of seven to eight hours of sleep each night can actually lower your metabolism and it'll cause your body to release hormones which will make you crave more sweets and make you want to eat more so definitely try your best to get as much sleep as you can if your weight loss is stalled and you haven't tried intermittent fasting I highly recommend checking it out intermittent fasting is a way of condensing the time that you're actually eating and extending those times when you're fasting and we do that for a number of reasons if you can condense the time that you're eating you're not going to be able to eat as much you're gonna get fuller quicker which means you're not going to have all day to just grab snacks as you please Plus in a fasted state your body is actually going to be more efficient at burning stored fats rather than food that you're constantly putting back into your stomach so you definitely want to have those long periods of not eating followed by shorter condensed periods of eating of course healthy clean eating foods check out my guide on intermittent fasting for women to see how to get started and plus learn about all of the awesome benefits of fasting so you're also going to want to pay attention to your fiber intake dietary fiber especially soluble fiber is incredibly important to not only helping you lose weight but to keeping your body regular and removing waste from your body so that you don't have it stored and causing you weight gain and inflammation and all that junk plus eating soluble fiber will help you feel fuller longer because it actually slows the amount of time that it takes to digest your food in your digestive tract some studies have actually shown that eating more fiber it will actually help you reduce the number of calories you absorb from the food you've already eaten as well typically men are gonna want to shoot for thirty to thirty eight grams of fiber each day and women should shoot for about 21 to 25 grams of fiber each day look to increase your fiber intake through naturally occurring options like fruits and vegetables beans and legumes and nuts did you know that just drinking water can increase your metabolic rate and it can also help you to feel full which can help reduce your snacking and eating more food than you actually need Plus drinking more water allows your body to get rid of toxins and reduces inflammation all of that is good news for weight loss look to drink about half of your weight in ounces every day in water and then add a little bit more if you are doing heavy exercise plus to boost your water intake if you add in some caffeine through some black coffee or green tea that has no sweeteners in it that'll also help to boost your weight loss and boost your fat-burning abilities I also want to stress how important it is to not base everything on the number on your scale weight scales can be very very misleading and they don't give you the whole story they don't tell you your body fat percentage usually very accurately they don't tell you if you are actually gaining muscle and that's why you're gaining weight even though you're actually losing fat they don't tell you if you're on your menstrual cycle and so therefore you're holding on to more water than normal so my recommendation is in addition to just checking your weight on the scale take a larger assessment are you fitting into your clothes or do they feel a little bit tighter are you strength training because muscle actually weighs more than fat so you could be adding in muscle and burning fat and you could still be gaining a little bit of weight or maintaining your weight how do you feel are your energy levels up do you feel like you're looking good in the mirror even though your weight isn't changing you can also take progress pictures of yourself to kind of keep an understanding of okay even though I weigh the same as I did two months ago look at all this muscle look at how much more toned I look in this picture versus that picture and you can always take body measurements as well as a good way to keep track of any changes this is all part of the journey all part of the process of learning a new you understanding what your body is at if you need to make any changes to tweak things and to keep that progress going check out my video on the 10 foods that cause inflammation to make sure you're paying attention to those as well and I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @laceybaier_ [145 likes]: Weight loss plateaus are the WORST, especially when you feel like you're doing everything right!  Share below what tip you found most helpful xoxo
  2. @loiscashner6567 [2 likes]: I have done omad for three weeks, maybe four exclusively and still no break in plateau .  I want to throw up my hands but at least I have lost 32 lbs.  I’m not ready to give up yet. Still this is really hard not seeing the progress, not even 1 lb. Sickening.
  3. @guitarman0365 [2 likes]: It sucks when you hit one literally right away. My mom is trying to lose and she won't go under 177 no matter what and she just literally started. She is losing hope already. I dont blame her. Plateaus normally hit after the first good chunk of loss but hers is immediate.
  4. @Triple_A_plus [1 likes]: I don't usually comment but I find you so pretty and wanted to let you know how gorgeous you are, I hope you're having a wonderful day🌻
  5. @borealis4812 [1 likes]: I ve lost 2 kg and now I have been at the same weight for 1 month :(
  6. @yogeshkumar3928 [1 likes]: I was worried about why I'm not losing any weight but your video helped me a lot.🙌 Losing weight gradually is much better as your body doesn't modify it as rapidly. This concept is known as Weight Loss Plateau -https://youtu.be/Wl5cLjYEBZY👏
  7. @dotcastagno3629 [1 likes]: Hi Lacey I just found your video. I hit a plateau a few weeks ago. I am doing WW & have done very well. (30lbs) I just want to lose 10 more lbs.The tips are very helpful….thanks 
Where can I found your video on finding out your personal macros.
I subscribed & looking forward to your videos.
🌼
  8. @amyburke2989: A pound of fat weighs the same as a pound of muscle. Muscle is more dense and takes up less space
  9. @Speckled_Butterfly7206: Sadly, i know the feeling i lost the initial 20lbs after my son after getting help from my dr, but now I can't get below 203. Prior to my son, i was 168 happily. Working 8-5, i dont have time to exercise like i used to, plus I have been trying to partner exercise activities that I can do with my toddler. Its been very annoying. 😢
  10. @mariamendoza-tiaria: Thank you
  11. @djkoenig4716: "Fat Fasting" during a zero carb diet is a better way to fast (& break a diet plateau). It is an efficient, healthier, gentler way to fast, because it is less stressful on your body/metabolism than a water fast & it retrains your body/metabolism to prioritize burning fat as fule because that's all you're offering it to eat during a fat fast (instead of dietary protien or other foods). I eat PURE butter on a fat fast & it keeps my stomach calm, satisfied & I have NO hunger pains. BTW: do drink plenty of water on this fast.  Your diet plateau will end within a day or two.
  12. @theresatruax4510: Muscle does not weigh more than fat!
  13. @SusanaXpeace2u: I started dieting at 70.5 kilos and quite quickly i lost two kilos, in two weeks. Then NOTHING.  The last 19 days I've lost nothing. And I've weighed everything, I log everything.  I've cut out sugar,  So I'm NOT fooling myself.  I cannot believe my body is defying the laws of science.  
I haven't ''come a long way'' I only started 29 december 2022 and it's 29th January now.  I can't understand it.
  14. @spencerjones8086: So I  was doing a calorie counter with a budget of 2300 and I was eating around 1200 so a thousand calorie deficit weight just fell off. Hit a plateau and saw Jillian from biggest loser have a cheat day and make it worth it. I ate a whole papa Murphy's pizza thin crust and doubled my calorie intake for the day and next day I lost 2 lbs. Show your body your not starving and it will begin to burn calories again. I have a cheat day every two weeks and eat whatever I want and how much I want. Just make sure the next day your back to it
  15. @whitemorning96: That doesn't help at all
  16. @leev9406: stuck at 167 for a week! my goal is 140-150
  17. @kbay907: I lost 5kgs in 2 months and now I have been on a plateau for 2 weeks. What can I do? I still have 5kgs more to lose to reach my goal weight of 55kg.
  18. @loiscashner6567: What is Cico.  Never heard of it?
  19. @luciferteaparty: 500 cal a day is nobody's maintenance. Should I cut more, go down to 200?
  20. @NZDLo: Muscle does NOT weigh more than fat. That has been debunked.

- Not Losing on Keto: See 9 Reasons Why: Kind: captions Language: en are you doing keto in in a minute fasting perfectly yet you're not losing any weight I have a lot of videos on Plateau so what I did is I combined all of them into one video to make it really really simple let's first cover some basics first thing is what is normal okay when someone does keto an if' they usually lose a lot of water weight sometimes up to 8 pounds in the first week that means you were carrying a lot of water then the second week they're hardly losing any weight at all maybe two pounds well the maximum fat burning the actual fat you can lose per week with a healthy metabolism is only two pounds okay that's actually really good so if you're losing a half a pound or a pound don't take a loss on that that's actually quite good especially as you get older or postmenopausal that's probably going to be the most you're gonna actually lose because the metabolism is slow down so just consider what normal is second point it's good healthy to lose weight not lose weight to get healthy health comes first weight loss second and let me define health energy improvement no more cravings hunger is gone feel vibrant so if you're focused on losing weight before that not a good strategy our body will release some of this fat once we get healthy so when you start the program and you notice that you're not losing weight yet your hunger is gone realize it's working just give it more time because the body has to get healthy and there's all sorts of things happening at the cellular level building proteins and fixing repair actions and things like that okay next point muscle weighs more than fat per volume so if you have atrophy loss of muscle protein which actually looks like that and you start this program your body is going to repair that first so you you may start building more muscle and that's gonna be a little heavier than the actual fat per volume so you may notice you're shrinking especially on your waist and that means that it's working just give it more time but not necessarily weight loss because your body is focusing more on the the the protein building you may be losing some fat but the protein is going up okay nine things okay in the order of importance so let's say you're not losing weight what do you do step one double check your carbohydrates a lot of times there's hidden carbs you're consuming maybe a fruit here and there some wild rice some bread on the side because you're not exactly doing it perfect or it could be some wine or it could be a so-called keto friendly bar or some type of dessert and then when you read the ingredients it is filled with sugar okay okay so number two you're fasting pattern this is very very very important and sometimes if you had a slow metabolism you need to fast longer so the key is start where you're at do three meals no snacks then don't eat if you're not hungry ride the wave and so you skip your breakfast and then your first meal a day maybe is that lunch and then the second is that dinner and then you take those two times and you start squishing them together okay so now you're at a four hour window and then you now you fast for 20 hours okay and then let's say you're still not losing weight and then you basically eventually go to one meal a day most people will lose a good amount of weight with that unless they have a history of a lot of dieting or they're going through menopause or they had diabetes or have diabetes and or they have a lot of weight to loose or they have a fatty liver so the body has to kind of take the fat off the liver first before it starts going after your belly so they might not see something right away but this is what they need to do they might need to have one meal a day every other day okay that will handle even the most severe case some people what they do is they do in a minute fasting to do one meal a day and then every week they go for 48 hours so there's a lot of different things you can try but you need to increase your fasting okay number three bloating you're eating all these vegetables you're not used to them and you're just bloated and you're retaining water you seem to cut the vegetables out right now because you probably have something called SIBO small intestinal bacterial overgrowth and that's just causing your gut to be filled with fiber and you're getting constipation you have fluid retention that happens on occasion so cut down the amount of vegetables that you consume maybe some steamed or cooked vegetables or just have like some leafy green salad but not that much this can inhibit your weight loss therefore start cutting down your fat now fat is good in the beginning but when you start becoming adapted we want to burn our own body's fat not the dietary fat as much so you might want to cut down your fat to about 75 grams it's just a matter of not adding any fat to the meal just eat the fat that's normally with the protein to keep it simple so this will help number 5 add exercise in there especially if you could do it when you're fasting so if you're between 40 and 50 or getting your 60s you want to work out probably twice a week and you spread it out just make sure the workouts are intense or long enough to really cause your whole body to be exhausted or you're like so you're sweating because we want to do a very thorough workout but we have to make sure we don't over train so it's a judgment call I'm gonna put a lot of videos down below for each point so you can get more data on that number 6 add another 30 minutes of sleep maybe even one hour believe it or not you trigger growth hormone which is the main fat burning hormone when you're sleeping and sleeping could greatly improve your metabolism add another 30 minutes you might even need to take a nap or just go to bed a little bit early this is actually quite big by the way and you also the need for less snacking too when you have fully slept number seven this is when you can add the outside of vinegar you know dilute it drink it through the day with water more potassium through electrolyte powder or more vegetables b1 through nutritional yeast magnesium leafy greens or electrolyte powder and/or vitamin D these are all things that will improve the situation with insulin it will help lower insulin by improving insulin resistance so if we reduce insulin you'll lose more weight but I don't recommend this unless the carbs are low and you're fasting okay because if you're adding nutrients on top of carbohydrates on top of frequent eating it just doesn't work number eight reduce your stress everyone goes to stress but there's usually one or two sources of this dress and it could be certain personalities that you're involved with do whatever you can to improve that situation because I will say a lot of people lose weight when they reduce stress and when they go on vacation because they're separating themselves from the stress and their body just does very very well this is very important by the way okay just I'm emphasizing it for importance okay and lastly number nine fix a health problem that you may have that is not associated with weight loss so in other words take the weak link of the body and correct it so let's say you have a thyroid issue or some gut issue or inflammatory pain situation or any anything focus on that to eliminate that to speed up your all metabolism all right and lastly check out these additional videos on plateauing on this page right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @shirleynelson5996 [4 likes]: I needed this I only lost 5lbs in 10day I am getting so discouraged, but I’m not going to give up. I’m going to put my scale away cause it is so tempted to jump on it every day and when you don’t lose you really get depressed so that’s one thing I’m going to do here I go.
  2. @guestaa9472 [2 likes]: I heven't lost any thing, even not the first weeks
  3. @Drberg [1 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  4. @Delo9762 [1 likes]: Im not losing pounds or inches.  Im doing keto,  intermittent fasting,  and 10k steps per day for a whole month now.   😮😢
  5. @dianarhyne [1 likes]: I need to lose 40lbs, which just won't budge. There's 185 lbs of stress, I need to do something about, though, if you catch my drift.
  6. @jaypeeDesembrana: Yeah i get the ideal weight but i don't feel good. I'm more anxious and tired, i feel much more physical symptoms than when i'm in the normal diet. I develop food intolerances which i didn't have before. I'd stick to keto/low carb, carnivore for almost 2 years, if it's transitional period i think i should be better by this time. I think this diet is not for me
  7. @Roadsidecactusflowers: ❤
  8. @foxontheedge: Doesn’t anyone worry about not eating enough calories?  Like undereating?  Recommendations?
  9. @CamilaVega-Seres: I’m not shrinking or losing weight so discouraged 😢 been staying way less than 50g of net carbs
  10. @PlumHorizon: I don't understand why I still need 4 meals a day, been doing keto for months and my carbs are in check... I'm unable to go from lunch to dinner without eating, I mean I could but the hunger is so distracting I cannot work anymore !
  11. @francus7227: Simple math....
23 pounds lost in 5 weeks. 10 lbs of water = 13 lbs of fat.... over 5 weeks = 2.6 lbs per week. I've increased exercise, Omad 1 day, 2mad 3 days, occasional 24-30 fast....
5% carbs. 
I'm happy with results. I'm disappointed to hear I should expect 2 lbs a week. I was hoping for 23 more in the next 5 weeks. Now? I'm hoping for 10 more in 5 weeks. 
I was 255.... Now at 232-30-ish. I have 50 more to go. I don't want to wait 5 months. But..... I guess I'll have to wait.
  12. @ChengLinee: I'm stressed thinking about thinking about being stressed.
  13. @joyceskubas2397: I’m doing it exactly correctly and have been losing 1/2 lb per week. I am not a smoker and never have been but I was recently diagnosed with emphysema/COPD and so I went on keto for my lungs. It’s helping gradually. My lungs don’t hurt anymore and I hardly cough anymore, even though I still don’t have great oxygen intake. This is helpful to know that my body is being healed on a cellular level and once it gets more healthy than I’ll begin losing the weight. My husband and I were already off of sugar, so the transition has been pretty easy for me.
  14. @jamieputnam8765: I needed to see this. I've been doing keto for a week and lost one pound. But I am seeing a lot of improvement in my late night cravings and I have been sleeping better.
  15. @AneesahPerween: I dont wanna lose weight i just wanna shift to ketosis for skin and brain health
  16. @lizh1536: Dr. Berg, thank you so much. I started following your advice and i have literally transformed my life, i am 26 and i thought i was dying like i was so sick but it turns out i just had insulin resistance and i am average weight. I kept getting sick my body had no immune system, and many more issues. Now i dont get colds, my psoriasis cleared up entirely (miraculous), lost weight and feel amazing, vision improved, swollen lymph nodes went away, SIBO and GERD and Gastroparesis went away,
  17. @fatalpyromaniac: I started healthy keto with IF. First week I lost 10lbs. Second week I lost 1 lb. I was discouraged so came back to Dr Berg. This help realize, it is working because, I am not hungry, I don’t crave anything, and have more energy. Be patient and trust the process.
  18. @tammymullins1151: 7 pounds in 2 weeks for me. I’m post menopausal and doing weight training. My body is looking different but I’m wondering how much is just water loss???
  19. @arielwilliams8081: I’ve been keto for a month. I am almost 4 months postpartum with baby number five. Wait it has come off easier in the past after my baby, but not with this one at all I’m not even fully nursing him. I only really pump once during the day and nurse him at night because he has bad latch issues. I still have a pretty round tummy and it really bothers me. What can I do to help?
  20. @rechaelandrea: I've been doing keto for 6 years and initially went down 65 pounds the first few months without tracking. Now I've found that I need to adjust my fat intake to keep down to 135. Switched from heavy cream to Nut Pods unsweetened creamer in my coffee. Added more leafy greens. I also had to remove medications. My sleep aid was causing weight gain (Doxepin).  My low dose antibiotic for my skin was causing gut issues. I've also started doing yoga. I don't have my first meal until early afternoon. I do track my macros and limit calories from time to time using MyFitnessPal to make sure I'm staying balanced and to boost weight loss.

- The Ketogenic Diet and Weight Loss Plateaus: Kind: captions Language: en No matter how careful and vigilant you are on the keto diet, eventually, your weight loss can taper off and eventually stop. Ideally, this will align perfectly with your goal weight, but it often doesn’t work out that way. If you experience a weight-loss plateau when you’re not expecting it, it might be time to switch up your dietary approach just a bit. The key to pushing past weight loss plateaus is to make minor adjustments to your current diet. See, once we’re done losing water weight at the beginning of a keto diet, we then tend to lose both fat and muscle mass. How much of each you lose depends on a number of factors: Good exercise, diet, sleep and stress habits prevent muscle mass loss. Since most of us want to lose the fat and keep, or even increase, muscle mass, these factors are really important to your keto plan. It is also essential that you set a reasonable calorie deficit and eat an appropriate amount of protein. Use our keto calculator to find out what these values are for you. One of the culprits of weight loss plateaus is your body decreasing its total daily energy expenditure. Sometimes, if we over-restrict calories, our bodies regulate and decrease our energy expenditure as a way to increase our resilience and longevity. Another reason is that, as you lose weight, your body will have a new maintenance calorie setpoint. And as your calorie deficit percentage decreases, your weight loss rate will slow down. This cycle will continue until your previous calorie deficit becomes the amount of calories you need to maintain weight. That’s when you stop losing weight. To push past a weight loss plateau, it can be very helpful to track both calories and macros and that you recalculate your macros every month, or for every 10 pounds lost. Each time you recalculate, reduce your calorie deficit a bit so the diet is easier to maintain and your metabolic rate doesn’t rapidly slow down. If you restrict calories too much, you might cause your brain’s bodyweight defending processes, which we mentioned before, to kick in at full force, and this can slow your progress. Our video “Macros and Keto Calculator” will guide you through this integral part of your keto toolkit. You also want to be sure that you’re eating the optimal amount of protein. Not enough protein means losing muscle mass and experiencing more hunger and cravings, while too much can decrease ketone production and increase your reliance on sugar burning. The keto calculator can help you dial in your ideal number, because the general recommendations vary widely between 0.6 and 1.2 grams per pound of lean body mass, depending on your exercise habits. Other strategies, like intermittent fasting and short term fat fasts have helped people bust through weight loss plateaus, as well. An intermittent fast is when you restrict yourself to a specific eating window, which allows your body to go into its fasting state and burn more fat and ketones for fuel. A common strategy is to eat only two or three meals in an 8-hour window, for instance between 11 a.m. and 7 p.m. Most people choose to skip breakfast and have a larger lunch and dinner. For more information about IF, read over the article “Intermittent Fasting on a Keto Diet” on Ruled.me A fat fast is when you eat mostly fat and restrict your calories significantly for between two and four days. The lack of carbs and protein will deplete your glycogen stores quicker and increase ketone production. For breakfast, consider a ketoproof coffee with a generous amount of cream. For lunch, some simple deviled eggs; and for dinner, canned sardines mixed with mayonnaise. For more info and a sample three day plan, see the Ruled.Me article, “Using the Fat Fasting Technique.” " Another important factor to consider is if food sensitivities may be stalling your weight loss. Common food allergies and sensitivities, like dairy and gluten, can stand in the way of your weight loss goals. If you’re having trouble losing weight and suspect that dairy or gluten may be to blame, it might be worth trying a dairy-free ketogenic diet or cutting out all gluten, including those found in low-carb processed foods. For more info on going dairy-free, see the article, “Guide to Going Dairy-Free on a Ketogenic Diet” on Ruled.Me. Consistency is also key. Even one cheat day can take a long time to recover from, and water weight may come back. Stay on top of tracking your carbs and your macros, which will help prevent plateaus, too. For support, answers to frequently asked questions, recipes and more, use Ruled.Me as your go-to resource for all things keto!

  Top Comments:
  1. @slygeek7499 [25 likes]: These camera angles made her seem more scary than she needed to be.
  2. @reesedaniel5835 [14 likes]: I think have figured out why I was not seeing results on Keto!   I was only focusing on "counting carbs" and not the type of things I was eating.  Beware of "Keto treats" if you want to lose weight!  I started out doing Keto by just counting carbs which included lots of keto treats like candied pecans (all treats made with stevia), peanut butter fudge, whipped cream and nuts, etc.  Not only did this NOT give me any weight loss but it prolonged the Keto "Flu" for FIVE WEEKS!  I was in agony by the end of the five weeks and my hunger never went away! So I stopped eating nuts, "keto treats" and "fat bombs" and only ate keto meals when hungry.  Within 2 more weeks my appetite was gone, most of my energy back and even some health issues improved such as insomnia, overactive bladder at night and aching calves at night.  I am not weighing myself yet but I look a bit sleeker in the mirror now.  I plan to weigh myself when my size 14 "skinny" jeans become looser.  Until then I will avoid the scale because I will get discouraged when I see "the Number"......Bottom line: If you are not losing weight on Keto and/or if you are still feeling lethargic after weeks of doing keto:  ELIMINATE ALL "KETO TREATS" and only eat the food your body needs!  This seems to be the reason why my husband who is doing Keto with me has dropped 25 or so pounds in the 6 weeks we have been doing Keto whereas I have lost very litte.  He did not like the taste of the stevia sweetened "keto treats" and only ate a few nuts here and there, whereas I was mindlessly using these things as a "crutch" to replace my sugar addiction!  Maybe the keto treats can be moderately eaten after the iniitial phase or induction period but STAY AWAY in the beginning!  It will just confuse your body and keep you in the SAD (standard american diet) state of misery.  I hope this helps someone out there.......: )
  3. @xaexaee [8 likes]: I haven't gotten a full night's rest in 3 years
  4. @NapturallyFlyy [6 likes]: I lost 11 lbs my first week of keto. I haven't lost but 2 lbs since. I need help. It's only been a month since a started. Would this be considered a plateau or is it too early, just keep going?
  5. @MinneGoldens [5 likes]: Would you say it's ok to do intermittent fasting one week out of the month to keep myself from plateauing?
  6. @deborahhopper1070 [4 likes]: A good video, Thank you.
  7. @baz3716 [4 likes]: Hey once you reach your weight goal how do you get off keto without gaining all the weight back?
  8. @masteryoutuber19 [3 likes]: Havent ate anything for 5 days and weight stayed same for all 5 days !!!
  9. @beautyfull1144 [2 likes]: Very nice video! Kudo's :)
  10. @vexcarius7100 [1 likes]: I lost 12 lbs in one week. I’m now on a plateau but I am noticing less flabs every day.
  11. @ZX9RinHollywood [1 likes]: I've been doing keto for 10 months. I have lost 60lbs but have been stuck at 60lbs for like 3 months now. I'm getting frustrated. I started taking fish oil a couple weeks ago hoping that would help. I've been eating the right amount of calories fat carbs and protein. However I sometimes am still hungry so I might go over a little. Im getting discouraged.  Can anyone help?
  12. @faheemfaisal4406 [1 likes]: By 7 days i lost 4 kg. By next 23 days i will try to lose more 11 kg
  13. @frozennumb69 [1 likes]: What if I'm already intermittent fasting 12-8, I'm 6'2" 285 I'm at 1800 calories, my protein is around 110 fats 140. I've lost around 20lbs but now 2 weeks no weight loss. I sleep 8 hours no stress. The exercise is my only issue. Most gyms are closed and I don't live in a ok to walk around neighborhood. Can anyone give me advice or pointers. I don't do processed all home cooked, except the cheese of course. I test daily and my ketones are high to moderate every day.
  14. @amalmmustafa2187 [1 likes]: Sardines cans in stores ..are they good?
  15. @emtronea1: whoever loses muscle on keto is not doing keto lol
  16. @dianedorney5147: Get a life lady
  17. @kamikookiemonster3053: Sardines with mayonnaise 😬
  18. @milariestoro5890: I just did your keto calculator to find out my macros.
It’s telling me to eat 9061 calories a day , 967g fats daily?? 
I’m 5’0 tall female 51 yrs old
 I know this is definitely not the right amount of calories, please fix 
this keto calculator, otherwise it’s going to do a lot of harm to people with less
experience than me.
  19. @bobbydigital1975: This chick sounds like a bigot. Doesnt know shit, keto prevents muscle loss naturally! Just as intermittent fasting does
  20. @caprimungeam662: Please link the study showing lean muscle mass loss from Keto (as indictated in the 1 min)

- Plateau on Keto Diet & Intermittent Fasting – Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys so you plateaued and you're stuck and you're you want to squeeze out more results I created this little chart to kind of give you some ideas of what to look at and what could be missing because when you evaluate someone and they're telling you I'm not getting results I've done Kido I've done in them and fasting it's not working for me well I can't evaluate that unless I have more information well instead of me consulting you what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna show you all the common points that always come up with people that are kind of stuck alright so here you are you're doing a lot of different meals in the very beginning and this is what people do is they're grazing every hour and a half they have to eat if to eat you have to eat and this is where I was that's a certain point so what I didn't know and what a lot of people don't know is every time you spike insulin so we have a lot of insulin or so the person has a high level of insulin going on in their blood even in a fasting state they don't know it because they've never been tested the doctors never even focused on it and the blood sugars usually are normal because that comes later because the high levels of insulin will keep the blood sugars down right so it won't go up yet so they have severe insulin resistance okay or you may have severe insulin resistance and that's what you're up against so the goal is to get healthy insulin that should be your goal okay and then that's what you should research so what you want to do first is learn all about it get it enough information don't just do this half way because you can't it doesn't work doing it half way you have to fully understand all the details because one little thing could mess you up and you have to commit to all or nothing because doing it partial like if you do keto with that mmm fasting it won't work if you do them and fasting without keto it doesn't work so there's certain guidelines that you need to know understand learn about and then you jump in and do it like you're supposed to like people ask about cheat days well that's just going to throw you off for several days so you just want to start off knowing what to do okay so the step one is the three meals okay you're probably already doing that no snacks okay so to be able to go from one meal to the next you need more fat that'll help you it's more fine you need more salad and greens so that'll give you a potassium to heal in for the resistance and speed things up okay so what happens between three meals and two meals is that's when you're really doing a key to adaptation you're adapting to fat in that process you're usually going to need more of certain nutrients you're going to need more potassium and b1 I recommend electrolyte powder or potassium citrate that's in it or nutritional yeast that'll speed things up so you won't get the side effects so you're gonna go from here to here you're gonna push your breakfast forward into the point where you have two meals a day it shouldn't be that bad so most people can do this so now they're at two meals a day no snacks everything's cool now but here's the thing if you still have cravings if you're still hungry between the meals like excessively you're not fully adapted so either you got to cut your carbs lower okay keep the carbs lower there's some hidden carbs somewhere or you're not consuming enough greens okay or your protein is off a little bit so let me just kind of quickly explain protein you know if you're doing three meals you're doing like maybe an average of four ounces of protein per meal if you're doing two meals it's like five ounces of protein per meal if doing one meal it's about eight ounces of protein per meal some people want to know about calories and grams it's extremely confusing I'm going to tell you why but I will explain it if you want to know so let's say for example you have some beef okay and you have four ounces of beef which comes out to a hundred in 13 grams and you're thinking oh wow so I need 113 grams of protein per meal no no no no this gram is for the total weight of everything in that beef because half of the beef is protein and half of it is fat or maybe it's like not exactly half and half but the point is that this is the total the actual amount of protein be something like I don't know 32 grams okay and as you look at these nutritional facts as you if you wanted to study it you're gonna go away wait a second I'm counting the grams of protein and grams of fat but they don't equal to total what else is what else am I missing here well what they don't usually write in the Supplemental facts is water water makes a big portion of that hundred thirteen grams so in other words don't ever look at the total grams it's gonna confuse you okay just look at the total grams of protein the other thing that you can do this is a little formula the very minimum amount of protein you want to consume per day of actual protein is 0.36 times your body weight okay that will give you the amount of protein that you need if you really wanted to know specifically but I don't know why you'd want because I'm just giving you the ounces right here but you can go between point three six two point seven grams now per kilogram that's a whole different unit but per pound so you you'd multiply let's say you weighed 200 pounds to a hundred times point seven and that would give you the total number of grams of protein and that is per day not per meal okay so it's a little confusing because we're measuring the keto formula for certain macronutrients and in a minute of fasting and what's confusing for that is as we consume less food then the amount of protein per day is going to decrease simply because our body's going to adapt to conserving proteins it's going to be more conservative of retaining more nutrients and you're not going to need as much food and you're gonna be fine you're not going to become nutritionally deficient okay but I just wanted to give you this formula if you wanted to know that but the point is that you could increase or decrease your protein depending on how you feel as well like sometimes people feel like I had enough protein for the day they just know they have enough or you know what I need a little more protein but this is kind of like the range I would recommend now in the very beginning when you're doing three meals a day you're doing more fat and you're trying to get your body in fat-burning but I mean the goal is really to get your body to burn its own fat so if there's too much dietary fat available in the diet body's not going to necessarily go after your reserve as much it'll go after the diet so what does that mean it means that as you go to two meals in one meal and you want to lower the amount of extra of fat so I would basically at this point if you want to lose weight cut down the amount of fat not by him consuming lean protein but just don't add more fat into the meal just keep your fat within the protein that you normally that normally comes with the fat and then you're going to be okay but too much fat can slow down your progress now the other thing is if you're what determines whether you go to two meals to one meal that really has to do with your goal do you want to lose more weight yes okay but my metabolism is slow and it's not working at two meals we'll just go to one one meal that's going to really speed things up for you to heal insulin resistance and you're gonna see a lot more progress because you're up against yours of maybe a sluggish metabolism and hormonal issues and so you're gonna have to do something so this would be very very important slow metabolism go to one meal a day the other thing is you can start focusing and reducing your stress okay there's certain nutrients you can take your acupressure you can go for long walks change your environment increase more sleep that's also gonna help take more nutrients add more exercise these are all things are gonna speed things up and also look for other body issues that you have that you can improve for example if you have a thyroid issue or a polycystic ovarian syndrome or really bad cycles or inflammatory conditions or constipation fix the weak link okay and then that will actually speed things up so this is kind of my overall one chart troubleshooter if you sort of speak to kind of get an eyeball of what you might be missing that you need to plug in to achieve your goal all right for watching subscribe sub scribe press hey thanks for someone press the subscribe button now I forgot what to say I will see you in the next videos what am I going to do subscribe to the press button and oh yeah send you additional information press the subscribe button and I will keep you updated on the future events

  Top Comments:
  1. @KetoCookbooksCorner [13 likes]: Dealing with a plateau on keto and intermittent fasting can be so frustrating. Thanks for the tips and strategies to get back on track and continue seeing progress!
  2. @erichorton1440 [2 likes]: Just a tip for every on how I lost 40 pounds in 3 months. Avoid keto food like bread, tortillas, and snacks. What I ate.
First Meal: Zero carb jerky. 4 cheese sticks. Both zero carbs.
Last Meal: 2 eggs. 2 pieces of bacon. Big steak.
Cheat Meal Every Saturday: Family sized pizza.
Go for zero carbs. Don't over eat cheese. Try eating mostly meat. Only water. Diet soda once a day or less.
  3. @wilsonle61 [1 likes]: Thanks, Dr. Berg. Talked to my Dad last week and he watches you also!
  4. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  5. @user-l2s9e: What about metallic adaptation? What role does that play in the plateau ?
  6. @juliettejpierreministries: This man absolutely helped me lose weight around my waistline 🙏🏾 God bless you
  7. @Baconbelly22: I'm currently on an OMAD diet .. and I implement keto at every daily sitting. Low carb healthy fats and at least 100g of protein daily.. I started at 99kg and now I'm currently at 86kg but I've plateau and stuck should I go from OMAD keto to a 36 hr fast to breakthrough this plateau? Any help would be great
  8. @parisafit: Thank you for your easy to understand information 😊
  9. @mattsnookman34224: Theres a Big difference in .36 and .7 for that ratio🤔 which is it
  10. @drj3033: I’ve been doing omad 59 days . I lose 30 lbs now I’ve been the same weight for  3 weeks . This sucks
  11. @bjiolkjiiapm4269: What is "low carb" ?
  12. @jaycolinzhai: Thanks to keto and IF I lose my most of my belly fat (visceral presumably). However in my second year of the diet, I don't seem to lose fat mass compared to the first year and yet I lose muscle weight. I am getting off keto to do some clean bulk and gain more muscle mass first.
  13. @thearindambiswas: For those who are stuck on a plateau and have exercise / strength training in their schedule, check whether your body measurements have changed. 

Weight is an important barometer but not the only one. Sometimes, body fat burn and muscle gain can happen at the same time.
  14. @Thandekajesus: Ńice
  15. @rg-mi5hh: Low carb and low thyroid just don't work for me.  Am trying to get most carbs from fruits and veggies though.
  16. @HLD0205: I've been doing IF and keto for 64 days and now starting to plateau. I'm very strict, so I can't see why I'm on a plateau if I'm doing everything to the letter. Someone suggested I try to cycle IF and even add carbs in and out which scares me to try
  17. @jennieeklov: " Everything is cool " 😆😆😆
  18. @rachelrenee79: No cheat meals and no carbs? How miserable. I’m on a low carb diet and I have a cheat meal once a week along with fasting I’m losing weight.
  19. @nicolajirving: Aaarrrggghhh I have upped my fat intake because I've been stuck on the same weight for nearly 2 months. Now he says reduce the fat, crikey. I lost 3 St in a jiffy and need to lose 2 more, help!
  20. @gmarounf7472: So maybe just eat a couple table spoons of coconut oil when you're hungry and just eat protein once a day... ?

- On Keto But Slow Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en so you're doing keto but the weight it's not&nbsp; coming off or it's very slow what can you do&nbsp;&nbsp; now i've done a ton of videos on plateau&nbsp; i'm going to put some links down below but&nbsp;&nbsp; i want to give you a a summary of three really&nbsp; important things okay related to slow weight loss&nbsp;&nbsp; so number one the goal is to get your ketones&nbsp; from your own body fat not necessarily your diet&nbsp;&nbsp; i really want to make that distinction because&nbsp; sometimes people think that keto is a high fat&nbsp;&nbsp; diet no it's a low carb diet being on keto does&nbsp; not mean unlimited fat it doesn't mean that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can keep eating these fat filled keto bombs&nbsp; all day long that's not going to work and drink&nbsp;&nbsp; tons of mct oil and take these exogenous ketone&nbsp; supplements and thinking you're actually going&nbsp;&nbsp; to lose weight no that's not going to happen&nbsp; because if you provide your body with dietary&nbsp;&nbsp; fat or ketones and we compare that to your own fat&nbsp; the body is going to always use the dietary fat&nbsp;&nbsp; and ketones first before it taps into your own fat&nbsp; and so if you're not losing weight that could be&nbsp;&nbsp; the reason why you might need to cut down on some&nbsp; of the extra fat i would just consume the fat that&nbsp;&nbsp; normally comes with the protein and also realize&nbsp; that dietary fat has more than double the calories&nbsp;&nbsp; so when we say the ketogenic diet is 70 or 75&nbsp; percent fat we're talking about calories that's&nbsp;&nbsp; a little different than the size or the volume&nbsp; of fat and i think it's confusing for people&nbsp;&nbsp; because they think they have to fill up half the&nbsp; plate with fat because it's 70 to 75 fat but what&nbsp;&nbsp; they're missing is that if you take carbohydrates&nbsp; and protein and fat the fat calories are more than&nbsp;&nbsp; double as far as the density of calories versus&nbsp; these other two all right let's go to number two&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're having difficulty losing weight on&nbsp; keto you must add intermittent fasting why&nbsp;&nbsp; because what determines how much weight you're&nbsp; going to lose and how deep you're into ketosis&nbsp;&nbsp; is where your insulin is at and the way that you&nbsp; reduce your insulin is through a low carb diet&nbsp;&nbsp; and through not eating so frequently as an&nbsp; intermittent fasting and prolonged fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; so wherever you're at whether it's two meals a day&nbsp; go to one meal a day let's say for example you had&nbsp;&nbsp; two meals a day that but once in the morning&nbsp; and once in the evening squish them together&nbsp;&nbsp; so you have a longer fasting period you can add&nbsp; more fat to fast longer it makes it easier to go&nbsp;&nbsp; longer if you're at one meal a day you might want&nbsp; to consider eating once every other day okay so&nbsp;&nbsp; that's number two all right number three this is&nbsp; very important you need to understand if you have&nbsp;&nbsp; a slow metabolism that means you have insulin&nbsp; resistance and insulin resistance comes from&nbsp;&nbsp; years of consuming too many carbohydrates and&nbsp; eating too frequently in other words insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; is not just raised by a high carb diet it's&nbsp; also raised by eating so you can create insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; resistance you can make insulin resistance worse&nbsp; by consuming frequent meals three meals two snacks&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so if you're grazing all day you can actually&nbsp; create insulin resistance like that so if we want&nbsp;&nbsp; to reverse that and you want to improve insulin&nbsp; resistance and fix your stubborn metabolism&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to reduce your carbs even lower you need&nbsp; to fast longer okay you can consume things like&nbsp;&nbsp; berberine like a supplement that actually can&nbsp; help you lessen the insulin resistance you can&nbsp;&nbsp; also take apple cider vinegar before bed that&nbsp; helps insulin resistance you can sleep longer&nbsp;&nbsp; that improves insulin resistance because it&nbsp; lowers cortisol you can also add exercise which&nbsp;&nbsp; also improves that insulin resistance and it makes&nbsp; insulin more sensitive all right try these things&nbsp;&nbsp; and comment down below hey before you go&nbsp; if you're benefiting from any of my content&nbsp;&nbsp; i would love to hear about your success&nbsp; story please share it in the link down below

  Top Comments:
  1. @tarabrown9734 [4 likes]: Has it ever dawned on anyone that the reason a lot of us aren’t losing weight on keto, or not fast enough, could be because the govt might be putting things like certain additives into healthy foods to make it harder to lose weight to spike sales of the more unhealthy items?!
  2. @phuongnhungfarcynguyen9453 [1 likes]: Thank doctor. Im being doing keto for 3 weeks now. 2 weeks that lose 2kg then it not come off the fat. So i try to understand what did I do wrong! Less fat and less carbs but am so hungry then what should I do :( ? Thank you
  3. @ayodari_style [1 likes]: Also-make sure you don’t have hypothyroidism, like I do. That will shoot your metabolism to hell if you don’t have it treated no matter what or when you eat.
  4. @Sam-fp8oh [1 likes]: I do Keto, eat only 2 meals a day...  mostly a piece of meat and a salat.... 

Weight dropped on the first 3 weeks, since then... nothing.. 

I quit also few years ago drinking red bull and other sugary drinks.... i also dont drink zero stuff anymore... 

No processed food, no sugar, black coffee, water, meat and a normal salad or broccoli... 1 plate at a meal... 
i dont can hear the BS no longer about calories in/out and carbohydrates... 
nothink works longer than 3 weeks, even if i didt cheat..
  5. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  6. @waaskoop: great video thanks
  7. @elaineexdisney929: Had to go on a fast to get ketones up. Nothing else worked as I found it harder to eat and fast eat and fast. Took day 4 to show more than slight ketones! Now I’m thinking I need to fast longer than 7 days since ketones only went up day 4
  8. @JimmyDaBone: Could some people not be getting enough calories on keto?
  9. @Svjx: Also if you are excersicing while on keto and the scales aren't moving much it could be because your losing fat but gaining muscle.
  10. @wildandfreehoneybees: Great tips. Thanks so much!
  11. @Scullz-onex: thank you
  12. @shkelzennokaj5194: He is right. Keto is not a diet. Its a process. Actually its a "non diet" thing since by only not eating for some time we start burning Ketones (experts still might disagree, some say its 18 hours, some 2 or 3 days or even more to reach the Keto burning process).
  13. @LolaMarigold: I figure I am losing slowly because of not enough calories and going into starvation mode so how can one meal a day or skipping a day work? I eat olive oil in salads, avocado sometimes, oil in meats,  50 gms carbs or under a day. I am on thyroid medication since having the radioactive iodine treatment and I always wondered if that slows weight loss. Walking three times a weeks too.
  14. @aja432: I am doing al
Of the above, sleep
Longer, eat lo carp and lower fat no extra protein. Salads and steak. Smal proteins. I am not exercising. I do, do long walks which I don’t do. I am
On the keto intermittend fasting but I have not lost weight the last 3 days. My intake is far below a 1000 maybe even around 500 max. 1 meal a day. I lost 12,3 kilos in the beginning. How can I lose weight now? 1 meal in 2 days is going to be to hard. More exercise? Why am
I not losing weight on this few carbs?
  15. @Jesus-isthe-door: Two weeks Keto and intermittent fasting with no lbs lost. Is that normal? I’m eating at 1 & 6
  16. @gayathri6894: I will follow omad, less dietary fat,  exercise from now onwards
  17. @stepstojannah8173: I go over my carbs and fat before menstrual cycle as ill be starving but go back yo under 20 grm carbs after and loose around 1.5 pounds a week 
thanks Dr berg
  18. @chrisboisse8496: Started on raw food diet for 1 month and then switched to raw food keto with int. fasting. Total weight loss in 2 months is 40 pounds. No exercise. Just recently started adding in cooked foods, still on keto and still intermittent fasting but my weight loss has plateaued and is very slow now. I break my fast with Dr. Bergs electrolyte powder, veggy broth soup with zucchini, brussell sprouts, ginger snd braggs amino acids. An hour or so later I will have an arugula salad with olive oil and red wine vinegar. Why am I plateauing????
  19. @danieluyanguren: 2:36 When you say “Eat Once every other day” do you mean not eating for 2 days or taking a break from OMAD and switch to 2MAD for a bit?
  20. @wolfxman6514: So what should we eat?! If protein increase insulin release and you advise not to consume more fat, ND don't eat carbs. So what we suppose to eat?

- How To Break Through Your Keto Weight Loss Plateau: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys I am dr. Anthony Gustin and I'm Chris Ervin and we're here to talk to you today about keto Plateau so one of the biggest things that you can do and if you do join a diet is use it for fat loss one of the most frustrating things you can do though is use it for fat loss and not get results or stick at a result that's you wanna blow past so then as a weight loss plateau yeah and a kind of an important thing to talk about with plateaus and especially as they relate to weight loss is that just because you've been doing keto for a couple weeks and you saw a lot of weight loss when you first started and that weight loss then stops doesn't necessarily mean that you're stuck at a plateau so when we're talking about plateaus here we're talking more about people who have been following the diet for you know six eight ten plus weeks they saw some weight loss and then now they're stuck at a plateau what are the things that they can do it so is it a real plateau or a fake plateau let's just break that down real quick like you said when you first get into a ketogenic diet you might there's a lot of rapid weight loss people get really stoked about that unfortunately that's not all fat mm-hmm yeah so when you obviously we know that when you start a ketogenic diet that first week you'll hear people say you know I lost five six seven pounds and one of the reasons why that's happening is because as your body's going through this transition and getting into ketosis there's so many changes going on and one of those is that you know your insulin levels are lowering and that's causing your body to excrete a lot more water as well as burn through some glycogen which can you know minorly contribute to this weight loss but the biggest thing here during this time is that you're losing a ton of water and you know you can't expect to lose 5 6 pounds every week going forward which is important to keep electrolytes up one of the things that we like to harp on all the time but when you actually you know in the diet for four weeks six weeks eight weeks you give it a shot for the first 30 days your body's gonna go through a lot of different changes but we're about to break down all the reasons why you can actually stop the fat-burning mode and so the first one that I think we're both beautiful points AB is not having it really high food quality yeah food quality I think is the first box that you need to make sure you're checking if you're trying to bust through a plateau you know for a lot of us when you start a ketogenic diet that's just simply transitioning to cutting carbs out of your diet is enough for you to see a ton of great results and lose a lot of weight but over time if you're putting low quality foods into your body your body's going to become the more resistant to that and that's something that you can definitely pick up if you want to bust through that Plateau yeah and why that is is that if you're eating a lot of foods that are bad for you your body doesn't want to let go fat one doesn't want to burn fat it what it wants to do is basically deal with all the inflammation that you're causing so think about really inflammatory vegetable oils is something that a lot of people have a new ketogenic diet they're really poor quality foods and poor quality fats or just really processed foods in general well that happens that goes into your body damages your body all over the place and you have chronic inflammation jacked up a little bit your body then just has to deal with that instead of doing anything else that it should be which is starting to utilize fat for energy change over some of your cellular machinery and instead just dealing with all that damage that's left over so that's kind of a big one yeah and that's kind of you know if you guys watched your other video where we talked about dirty keto dieting that's kind of the problem is a lot of people when they start a keto diet they are consuming foods that they may be keto friendly in a sense that you know they're low carb they're higher fat but they're not necessarily the highest quality of foods and that can cause a lot of the damage that dr. Gerson's talking about here another thing related to food quality is dairy to dairies another huge reason why people start to see plateaus as well yeah so not just a food quality but just a food choice they'll quick tip here dairy just for a lot of reasons how it affects people can limit fat loss and so you know just a quick removal of dairy of all sorts cream cheese milk any of this stuff on a ketogenic diet can usually help people bust through a plateau they're sticky I wanted to just super easy change to yeah and you know a lot of people it's it's kind of hard to determine if you are you know intolerant to dairy one of the problems is that the process dairy that a lot of us are consuming is just a bad slow food quality in general but besides that you know some people might have an intolerance to the protein that's found in dairy some may have an intolerance to the carbs that are found in dairy but regardless I think that for most people especially when you're starting the diet over consuming dairy is pretty easy cheese tastes great a lot of us want to include it so you know cutting that out can be an another great way to take that next step to busting your Plateau yeah and then I think the second big one is the amount of which was reading so a lot of people they try to go in on ketogenic diet and I think that this is a free pass to eat a little a limited amount of fat and that's just not the case and so if people switch you can do a diet yes you need fat for fuel but if you're trying to burn fat as a fuel you can just use your own body fat like you'll need to have an excessive amount of fat so a lot of people like to just dump excessive amounts of oils and MCT oils you and their coffee and their salads which can be great for a little energy boost but if you're trying to lose fat I would actually limit that stuff and check on the oils especially and get more of your fat from real food sources yeah you know when you first start a ketogenic diet that need for dietary fat may be a little higher you know your body is still transitioning to burning its own stored body fat producing and utilizing ketones but as you get more adapted your body becomes very efficient at doing this and you know all of us even the leanest of individuals have such a massive amount of stuff of stored fat that they can tap into so really the need for dietary fat can go down now that doesn't mean that you should you know go on a low-carb low-fat diet that's obviously not gonna be good either but you diet or your fat this definitely does not have to be as high as what a lot of us are doing with all the extra butter and everything in our coffee right and another way we can modify the macro nutrient composition to have kind of a breakthrough in these plateaus is adding a little bit more protein and so people generally limit protein too low and they just go on a percentage basis and micro nutrient profile when they go to eat it in a diet 80% fat 50% protein 5% carbohydrate something similar to that you slimming your protein so low that your body can't carry on normal bodily functions so like when you have little food quality same thing your body just can't do what it needs to do which is burn fat for fuel yeah and you know there's a couple like you said there's a couple easy ways to adjust your macronutrients without having to go so crazy into tracking you know one one adjustment you can make is just simply you're trying to increase your protein intake you know adding extra protein sources and if you're trying to decrease your fat having those protein sources be a little bit leaner cutting out some of the extra oils can be a great way to make sure that you're lowering that fat a little bit so it doesn't necessarily have to be something where you're trying to make these macronutrient adjustments that you have to get so specific into tracking there's really no one-size-fits-all approach you're gonna want to see what works best for you so could just kind of playing with your food choices can be a great way to do that and then the next one I think that we see all the time that I've been victim to certainly is exercising too much and not enough and so let's break that down yeah so you know there's a lot of research out there that shows that you don't necessarily have to exercise to lose weight now a lot of that researches and obese people who just making a simple dietary changes enough for them to see some great results but exercise we know is such a great thing and it's a great way to stimulate fat burning especially certain types of exercises like high-intensity interval training and stuff like that so if you're not exercising and you're stuck in a plateau it's a pretty easy thing to change to make is to just add that in try to increase your calorie burning to increase your fat burning but besides that you know there's also a ton of people out there who are training a ton they're overtraining and they're not experiencing weight loss and that's a big problem too yeah so Gayle and Chris said if you're not exercising now you don't have to go crazy with it I think just adding in even some walking some light jogging or some whole body resistance training can go a very very long way and then if you're training too much if you're trying to do too much stuff if you're fasting if you're you have an a' calorie restricted diet if you're doing all these things and adding an exercise it's just another stress to your body and so your body's gonna want to hold onto all of your fat because it's gonna say we reckon eating any energy about we're having to burn a crazy amount of it so keep it all on your body and so working out too much can also be a problem as well you don't need to do CrossFit nine times a week to to burn through fat yeah you know if you're if you know where your calories are at and you know that they're pretty low and you're exercising five to six times a week at a high intensity and you're not seeing progress then chances are that you need to tailor it back a little bit and just you know relax get some recovery time and let your body recoup right which leads to the next one which is kind of tied to macros and food quality but eating too little can be a huge problem here kind of intuitively - losing fat yeah you know it's kind of the concept a lot of people are huge proponents of the calories in versus calories out which we're definitely not in that that camp calories are such a small part they are a part but such a small part of your weight loss journey this is pretty evident - how many people we see that are you know consuming 1100 calories working out seven days a week but not losing weight that's kind of a clear sign to me that the calories in versus calories out isn't the way that we should be looking things you know if you're not providing your body with enough calories and your body's going to be more resistant to burning it's stored calories and that's why you know people who are chronically under consuming can also hit a plateau yep and one of the big things about that too is that you know fat loss doesn't have to be starving every single day and this is we're coming into eating a little bit more protein than fat still keeping the carbohydrate couple higher at load low but eating more protein you know that's gonna require a lot more burning of your body to to process all that food and keeping the fat low as well gonna keep the calories you kind of at a normal amount but not super low but also not super high this is a good way to come up to monitor that but more importantly here we're talking about nutrition so much a little bit exercise a lot of fat loss has to do with lifestyle as well so there's a lot of different factors here that you can tweak yeah I think that a lot of people when they hit a weight loss plateau on keto they want to think about all these other things like they consider their weight loss journey to just be so simple as the foods that they're eating and the quality of those foods and calories and macros but really like like doctor Gustin said the there's so many other lifestyle factors things like the way you're managing your sleep if you're not getting good rest your body's not going to be functioning properly stress management you know we know that when cortisol levels are high your body's gonna be a lot more resistant to losing weight and functioning properly alcohol consumption is another one you know obviously if you're following the ketogenic diet as a lifestyle there may be some times where you would decide to incorporate some alcohol but overdoing it can definitely be one of those things I've seen so many times where you know just cutting out that glass of wine that people are having three four nights a week can make a big difference for busting through that Plateau yeah so let's just break down a couple of tips that people can follow if they want to get a better sleep lowered stress so number one go to sleep shut down shut down any night I was just telling Chris here before we started recording that I have a new new routine where I had a sauna I do some movement stuff but I am done with all devices everything at you know 7:00 p.m. and I'm in bed about you know passing out and so that's a huge one just having your routine when you shut down consistently every night it's like it's seven one night and ten P in the next night because your body is regulated in a very tight circuit so having a shutdown time is really really important yeah and electronic devices is kind of a big one for that you know cell phones and TVs at night can really wreak havoc on your circadian rhythms and really mess up your sleep so making sure that you're shutting when when he says unplug really unplugging from electronic devices is is where I think that's the most important answer and a lot of people don't realize that not only does sleep affect hormone production and how you're burning fat but also your willpower the next day if you're tired and stressed out because you didn't sleep well then you're gonna make poor food choices you're not gonna go exercise you're not company energy to do the things that you actually want to stick to so sleep is one of the most important things that people don't think of when they think of breaking through a fat loss Plateau yeah and you know sleep plays a huge role into stress management as well so you know if you're not getting good sleep you're also gonna have a ton of stress it's gonna be really hard for your you to function well cognitively and physically so you know managing stress like we said is another really big ones and you know tips for managing stress there's a lot of different things you know for some people it's just finding what it is for you that allows you to just kind of unplug and relax whether it's you know getting a workout in or if that's reading or something that just allows you to de-stress and at you know whether it's at the end of the day or in the middle of the day whatever you can do to just kind of keep those cortisol levels lower right it kind of intuitively what might happen to decrease stress levels is you might learn that not tracking your food as much not worrying about fat loss actually helps you lose more fat I've seen a lot of my patients actually went to the same thing is they were freaking about every single little detail I'm not doing this and we have to do that to lose fat and I said just just drop it and just eat some real food and just relax about it weight started falling off again so this isn't into that it sounds very kind of intuitive but can be really used as a lever to pull you yeah I think that's that's kind of you know as it relates to Kido plateaus in general it doesn't really have to be that complicated guys I think the biggest things that you should be doing or just checking the boxes on having really high food quality making sure that you're you know having the the most optimized lifestyle that's going to be more counterproductive towards losing weight and busting through that Plateau and just me you know calories and macros are important but you can adjust a lot of those intuitively without having to you know get so deep down the rabbit hole of tracking and stressing and calculating macros if you check a lot of those boxes off I think that it can be a lot more easier it can be more easily done than what a lot of people think but and one of the big things is that your body is changing and so as it changes you may need different stimulus than you needed before and so if that's not working if it work to a certain point maybe seem to mix it up and because your body is different than where was before one of the most important things though is like you should probably looking at body composition this is another thing that a lot of times a plateau is actually not a plateau somebody can start working out they change their maybe the protein consumption their cellular machinery is changing over and they're actually gaining muscle mass as a loonie losing fat said the scale looks the exact same but they're actually their body comes in as changing radically yeah I've seen this so many times and you know when I was back in grad school doing research that we would have subjects come in saying that you know they were so stressed because they weren't losing any weight and we had them on pretty intense training protocols and when we would do a DEXA scan we were seeing that these people were you know gaining muscle and losing fat and and they had really had no idea so monitoring your body composition is huge and that's really important on a keto diet too because a lot of weight loss diets are kind of counterintuitive to preserving or gaining muscle and a ketogenic diet doesn't have to be if it's done right so it's a little bit more rare when it comes to dieting that you would see that on keto so it's kind of something to pay attention to yeah and some quick ways to do that yes is a DEXA scan which basically does an x-ray of your body and determines how much is fat how much is bone I'm also kind of adds that to you that's the kind of a gold standard for a body composition it can be pretty pretty expensive in prohibitive you can do a dunk tank where you dunk into an actual tank of water and it measures your body buoyancy and you're gonna have just a bio impedance device which they they make smart skills that have them where you just hold it my favorite honestly for the body composition is just the mirror test so take a photo of what you look like so a lot of people may be surprised that on day 1 and day 30 for example their weight stays the exact same but they look very fit different in the mirror so that's a good thing to track as well to make sure that you're not actually at a plateau it's just muscle might be going up oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the fat is going down what kind where current trading one wait for another which is of course exactly what we want yeah exactly and I think another thing that's worth pointing out as we're talking about plateaus here is that not every plateau has to be related to weight loss you know sometimes people can see plateaus and just they're there whatever health goals they have whether it's trying to reduce inflammation or it's trying to improve your cognitive function it doesn't always have to be related to weight loss this is usually the most common that we see but you know for some people who are following a ketogenic diet very long term you know after a year you might start to notice that you know before you were experiencing hunger reductions and you're not anymore or before you were experiencing so so much more energy and now you're not anymore and that can also be a plateau we're making some of these same adjustments that we're talking about now can still play a role in that you got so if you guys have any questions but how you're fighting through plateaus and know-nothing things that we covered in the video today are working for you just hit a comment below and we'll try to get to all the questions that you have to ask if you want to ask me any questions you can follow me on Instagram and ask me at dr anthony Gustin and chris at the key colleges we will see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @teew7877 [17 likes]: Thank you sooooo much for this video. I recently started increasing my protein while reducing the extra added fats to break a weight loss plateau. I was nervous this may not work. This video was just the confirmation I needed!!  Thanks!!! 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
  2. @millgiass [4 likes]: From July to now I lost about 50 pounds. I'm on my last 4-5 pounds and it just will not budge.
  3. @marmic1046mi [3 likes]: Great video and informative. I’ve hit a plateau for a year and made small changes to try and get out of the plateau and nothing seemed to work. Tried adding exercise, fasting, and even added ketovore. It’s definitely hard to make changes with no results on the scale.
  4. @DG3.14 [3 likes]: Everyone that watched this video should also watch your video on Gluconeogenesis. They don’t realize how much protein they actually need. I fill my protein intake to around 1 g per pound of body weight and fill the rest with fats. And it does wonders while I maintain Ketosis
  5. @rosalindbell3811 [2 likes]: why cant I loose weight NO LOSE
  6. @alexanderkarsten6447 [1 likes]: Fantastic video, this one is gonna help me with continue loosing weight, thank you, love your YouTube channel!
  7. @mr.cubitos9516 [1 likes]: Im familiar with Keto but I started last week and all of a sudden instead of burning my normal 200g of bodyfat each 2 days, i started GAINIG 200g each 2 days. Any advice?
  8. @PeaceFan1 [1 likes]: Help us Post Menopausal Women.. Ant Advice once you've hit a Plateau?!
  9. @darlin1951 [1 likes]: Oh crap, if you are on keto why the hell would you be on bad oils?  Waste my time with non keto foods listed.
  10. @rosalindbell3811 [1 likes]: found this interesting and good to hear your body shape can change even if you don't lose weight, I'm a bit confused as to what is bad in keto and what is good been on this 2 wks. now and don't seem to be able to have used even 800 calories, and I'm have 3 meals a day I have keto books which I use, for all meal I bake the bread. can you advice me pls
  11. @craigfowler7098: In my experience -start with purely organic high protein, low carb (no bready, rice, pasta,  sugar, milk etc) - have steak, lean chicken, salmon, organic burgers etc (at least grass fed) with salad eggs and veggies like beans, carrots, broccoli. Also eliminate all oils except almond oil, coconut oil or olive oil. Eat twice per day 16 / 8 pattern of intermittent fasting to get your body fat adapted over two weeks. When fasting just drink water or tea and coffee with coconut oil and sweetner (Stevia)

After three weeks, change the fasting pattern, say to a 2 day fast or alternative day fast and keep changing every three weeks, so metabolism doesn't adjust too much. Once perfect weight, go back to 16 / 8  fasting to maintain weight. Weight training, salty water first thing alongside a 25 minutes gentle walk helps too.

I hope this helps and good luck with your journey.
  12. @HealthyDiet-so6gl: Click here to learn more. https://health-diet-tips-foru.blogspot.com/2025/12/breaking-news-keto-loopholes.html
  13. @GirlfriendNinja: Good stuff.
  14. @robinluich5576: I'm fighting to get the next 10lb. increment
  15. @annettepatrick1837: Thank you! I found this really helpful!
  16. @liveforchrist1474: Caffeine spikes insulin so it can slow ketosis to even a stall if over consumed. Buy Keto Sticks, they're urine test strips, use them to know if you're ketosing and how heavily you're ketosing if you are.
Watch UTube videos about good and bad sweeteners for keto because some are too high in carbs. For example don't use stevia packets if it has added dextrose or added maltodextrin because they are too high in carbs to be considered ketogenic.
If you have to cut back on even ketogenic sweeteners to pick up weight loss , it isn't too uncommon. It could be your caffeine consumption setting  you back or hidden sweeteners . 
Remember that eating fat, especially rich animal fat, causes the body to ketose more heavily, lubricates intestines and eyes and protects organs ,also nurishes  brain and provides energy and satisfies appetite healthily.
  17. @Nemo-ic5tb: The plateau where you got this word sounds beautiful. In the disease there are the words crisis, i.e. the rise of the disease, the decline of the disease and remission, weakening or decrease. Those. the process of movement of disease or recovery. Plateau geographical designation (fr. Plateau, from plat - "flat") - an elevated plain with a flat or wavy, weakly divided surface, bounded by distinct ledges from the adjacent plain spaces of the earth's surface. The plateau has no movement due to the fact that it is a plane. The plateau has only displacement due to the shift of tectonic plates. We are constantly on it on the plateau. It does not rise and fall. I did not understand. What does medicine and geography do. There is a name stable remission. Reconvalescence is a recovery process. normal life of the body after an illness. Stable (lat. Balance) state of health. Have not tried to repeat the textbook of geography.
  18. @Nemo-ic5tb: This geographical concept of the Plateau is over 300 years old. The concept of a plateau was introduced by illiterate people. To deceive you These people who wrote this nonsense are not medical education. There is no concept of Plateau in human anatomy and medicine Professor of Medicine from Russia
  19. @pjr7754: I have done my research on keto and daily watch your videos or Dr. Eric Berg's videos. My diet is very clean and I do take supplemental minerals and collagen. I have reached a plateau but I still have 70lbs to go!  My question is to MCT oil or not MCT oil? I take it every morning with my other supplements but I have been hearing conflicting information on it. Some say it inhibits weight loss because the body is using the MCT first and others say that it helps to stoke the furnace to more efficiently burn your own fat. What do you say?
  20. @fergfergable: Hello :) 
My dad started Keto 3 weeks ago. He was 238 now 235. He is very discouraged about why he isn't losing weight. He has type 2 diabetes and his sugars have gotten better, and I do think he looks slimmer, but I also think it could just be a reduction of inflammation. Any suggestions? 


I have been on Keto for 7 months and have hit a plateau. I have tried these suggestions and am gaining weight. Slowly, but still gaining. Suggestions? 


Is there a reason why I am getting chronic headaches after sugar substitutes and majority protein meals (not necessarily eaten together)?

- Top 5 Things That STALL Weight Loss on Keto: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody it's low-carbon keto nutritionist Amy Berger here again bringing you what I hope is another educational and helpful video about how to do a low carb or ketogenic diet properly and without losing your mind right up front this is gonna be a long video I'm gonna speak quickly but I have lots of notes this time there's a lot to cover this is a huge topic so that whole thing about me trying to keep these videos to under 10 minutes yeah that's not gonna happen it seems like a lot of the topics I've covered so far just require more time and the reason they require more time is because they're big and they're important and that's why I'm covering them in my first several videos hopefully sometime down the line I'll talk about you know lesser issues more minor issues that can be done in a 10 minute video but I'm not gonna take forever because guess what I've got some pork spareribs in the slow cooker with my name on it and this house smells amazing or apartment wherever this is if you are new to my YouTube channel hello thanks for joining me um and it's really interesting to me because I think a lot of people are finding me through my videos and have never read my blog or didn't know I have a blog and I think I'm actually best known for my blog so if you're watching these videos and you don't know who I am you can go to to at nutrition calm that's tu IT nutrition calm there's a little about me page you can see the services that I offer I do provide consultations worldwide so if you're watching this from anywhere in the US or overseas you can work with me if you want to and let's see before we get started I am I'm rocking the Carnegie Mellon shirt I don't know if you can see that but um that is my alma mater I went to Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania one of my favorite places on earth and I study creative writing I was a creative writing major and yet Carnegie Mellon is one of the top schools not just in the US but in the world for computer engineering software and hardware and electrical engineering but since I studied creative writing I am the least tech savvy least computer savvy person to have ever graduated from that institution so that is why my website not as not as technically pleasing or as technically you know advanced as I might like but hopefully the writing is good and you know now that I'm a published author and you can find my book on Amazon or a Barnes & Noble hopefully I'm a testament to Carnegie Mellon's writing program and not a total embarrassment my book is the Alzheimer's antidote and it's about using a low carb diet for Alzheimer's disease all right I'm only two and a half minutes in let's go today's topic stalls weight loss stalls on ketogenic or low carb diets so I'm speaking to a very specific population here if you are using a ketogenic diet for some reason other than losing body fat this video might not apply but you know I encourage you to watch because you might still learn something either helpful for yourself or helpful for someone that you know or someone in one of your social media keto circles I guess first and forgive me if I look down at the notes there are a lot of them first we have to define a stall and I think it was dr. Stephan Finney but don't quote me on this somewhere in some book somewhere about low-carb I read that that this expert whoever did this writing doesn't consider it a stall unless it's been eight weeks with no change to either your scale weight or your measurements so you cannot just go by scale weight and eight weeks so if you've been doing keto and it's been five days since you've lost a pound or two or it's been two weeks guess what you are not stalled that's not a stall that's not a plateau if it's been four weeks it's not a stall if it's been five weeks it's not a stall you are not stall unless it's been a very significant length of time with no change like I said to your weight or your measurements don't go by the scale alone because body composition you don't want to lose weight I mean if you're very very heavy you do want to lose total weight but we want to lose fat we don't want to lose bone we don't want to lose muscle so you can't always go by the scale the human body is beautiful and complex and Austrade us all hell and it just does weird things sometimes that we can't even always explain the way it's up its down it fluctuates so from day to day you can't drive yourself crazy you have to look at the long-term trend over time and I have a blog post about this I'll be linking to a lot of blog posts and articles in the pin comment for this video that you can check out if you want to learn more so um you have to know that even if you are in a stall or a plateau it's normal you have to expect it weight loss or body fat loss on low carb or keto particularly if you have a lot to lose if you're 50 100 200 pounds overweight you have to be you you have to be in it for the long haul you got to play the long game and weight loss is not linear right we wish that you start here can you I don't know where my camera is it's just linear it just ends and you just lose weight steadily every single day with no bumps or hiccups along the way that's not how it happens right weight doesn't come off a little bit every single day until you magically arrive at your goal weight I mean if only it were that easy kids right holy moly now remember all the years or decades that you are putting on weight that you were gaining body fat it didn't happen like that either it wasn't like every single day you put on two ounces or three or eight ounces till the point that you know 20 years later you were a hundred pounds heavier no it doesn't work that way you probably gained a little bit here and there stayed the same for a couple of months or years gained a little more stayed the same for a couple of months or years gained a little more the only reason you didn't notice it happening that way it's you weren't getting on the scale every day it happened gradually so you didn't even notice it right if you had gained 15 pounds in a month you would have noticed so very often weight loss doesn't happen that way either and and you know we get very upset when we don't see the weight coming off but you just have to be patient it's totally normal for it to be up and down a little bit as long as the long-term trend over time downward so let's see okay the other thing to remember and I really think this is very important is that you can absolutely reap the benefits of a reduced carbohydrate way of eating even in the absence of weight loss let me say that again in another way even when you're not losing weight you can't still have beneficial metabolic changes happening on the inside and we know this because the doctors who treat patients with this way of eating see it all the time and remember to start off not even everybody adopt a low carb diet to lose weight low carbon ketogenic diets are effective for so many other things besides weight loss that you could gain weight on keto if you need to you could say the same if you need to I will link to a paper from um from Jeff folic and Richard Fineman two of the best-known researchers in this in this field it's actually I'll read you the title of the paper and then you'll see what this is all about low carbohydrate diets improve a thorough genic dis lipedema even in the absence of weight loss and it's from 2006 so twelve years ago maybe thirteen years ago by the time I hear this video if it's 2019 by then and I will link to this in the comments but remember people use low-carb and keto not just for weight loss they use it for epilepsy for PCOS for migraines for cardiovascular disease for hypertension for all sorts of other things that can get better even when somebody doesn't lose weight because remember not everyone who has type 2 diabetes is overweight not everyone who has hypertension or cardiovascular disease or any of these other metabolic problems is overweight so and they proved in this study that you can have those beneficial changes your triglycerides can come down the HDL can go up the blood pressure can come down all this your blood sugar can come down the insulin can come down all this fabulous stuff can happen even when your weight stable meaning when you're not losing weight okay let's talk about again I'm looking at the notes if I look in off camera let's talk about a stall real quick because remember when I said you can't just go solely by the scale there's something called body recomposition meaning shifting from higher body fat percentage to a more a higher lean mass percentage right where you're you could be losing body fat or gaining lean mass gaining muscle or or not losing fat but you could be gaining muscle you could be rebuilding mass that you've lost over the years this is especially true for women especially you menopausal Perry and postmenopausal women who have been the victims if I can be so bold of the low-fat calorie counting thing for so many years or decades you may have been jettisoning losing getting rid of muscle tissue of bone tissue that you are now rebuilding now that you're eating such a higher nutrient diet which I hope you are if you're eating real food good quality meats and vegetables and seafood and all that now that you're getting many more nutrients you may be rebuilding that critical critical tissue that you lost remember I said you don't just want it you don't want to lose weight you want to lose fat and and you might either be losing fat or not even losing fat but at the same time regaining muscle mass regaining bone mass especially if you're eating more protein right you might not be eating a ton of protein but now that you're not eating the bread and the cereal and the pasta and the rice and the grapes and the fruit salad and all that you might be eating a little more protein than you were in the past and remember bone is mostly protein if you've heard out there that bone is the protein is bad for bones or the too much protein makes you acidic and it leeches calcium out of your bones that is a total absolute 100% flawed interpretation I'll link to a very educational blog post I wrote on that issue don't be afraid of protein so but the bottom line of that is that you may be regaining very important tissue that if that's the case your scale weight is either kind of change at all or might not drop as much or as quickly as you want it to but but it might not have anything to do with your body fat it could have to do with things you want to have happen like regaining that loss tissue all right now the rubber hits the road let's talk about five or six things that can cause stalls or plateaus in fat loss Onkyo the first one hello too many carbs obviously most of us I've done this myself I don't know many people in the low-carb world who haven't done this it's usually unintentional we start out at 20 or 30 grams of carbs a day and things work really well we're dropping weight left and right but over time we become complacent and it's not that you have to weigh and measure your food you don't have to track your food you can if you think this might be an issue for you but usually this what we call carb creep is inadvertent and it's unintentional it's just that we let too many little things sneak back into our diet maybe it's a you know a little handful of this you know at work oh I'll just take one piece of candy off the the admins desk or things like sugar alcohols that that affect some people more than others all these keto treats that have mouths too tall and erythritol and xylitol supposedly erythritol is is completely benign but you know I think when we eat a ton of this stuff people react differently so it's just on carb creep is huge so um you don't know the thing is though remember some people can eat more carbs than others and still lose weight so you might not have to be at 20 or 30 grams or less of carbs a day but if you are not losing weight that would be my first place to look am i eating 50 or 60 grams am i eating 80 or 100 grams if you know maybe you're one of these people that can eat 50 or 70 or a hundred grams of carbs a day and still lose weight maybe you're one of the people that really needs to be a twenty or thirty and maybe you've let things creep up to like 40 or 50 again unintentionally but it's there the second thing that I would look for is too much at and this is very controversial in the kitto world right now a ketogenic diet a fat-burning low-carb diet is not licensed to eat on limited fat right in dr. Eric West men's program he what is unlimited is protein and it was the same thing with Atkins induction there was no limit on protein this protein fear-mongering is entirely new what is limited on dr. Westman program at least when you're brand new to the program is fat it's not unlimited cheese it's not unlimited oils it's not unlimited heavy whipping cream it's not unlimited coconut oil and butter in your coffee now the thing is I don't want to fear monger about fat because we're gonna tip things too far in the other direction I don't want to make anyone afraid of fat but you can take in too much energy you can't eat too much fat and remember I think I've said this in previous videos I learned the hard way myself you can be in ketosis and gain fat just because you're in ketosis doesn't mean you're going to lose body fat all ketosis means is that you are running on fat that you're breaking down fat for fuel but you might be breaking down all the cheese and butter and cream and nuts and whatever else instead of your own stored body fat all this you know the nice fat we have here the nice hips and five fat but again I don't want to demonize fat fat it's delicious it's it's the scenic or non of this diet but the too much fat is especially bad when you've combined it with the with number one which is too many carbs it only takes a very very small amount of extra carb to kind of block the fat burning I hate to say shutoff I don't think it's ever completely stopped but it it only takes a very little bit of carb to interfere with that fat burning so if you're combining slightly higher carbs than you realize with a great deal of fat now you're in the grey hellish purgatory zone of metabolism you're eating enough carbs that you're in car burning mode but you don't realize you're eating that many carbs so what you have and cut back your fat you're eating high fat if you're on something like an Atkins induction or a dr. Westman page for but you're you're not eating that low and amount of carbs so you have the kiss of death what you have without meaning to have it for yourself is a high carb high fat diet maybe not high carb high carb for you if you need to stay really low that's the kiss of death right that's what made us all fat and sick in the first place and that's where you are unintentionally you've put yourself back there number three thing that can stall fat loss on keto medications people I can't tell you how many clients I've had that have struggled to lose weight and it's a direct side effect of some of the medications they're on the biggest classes of drugs that can interfere with fat loss obviously exogenous insulin meaning insulin injections any there's a lot of different drugs for type 2 diabetes that can interfere with fat loss some of them actually seem to help fat loss but a lot of them make you gain weight and some of the mechanisms by which some of the drugs make you gain weight is they increase your insulin secretion I would argue that insulin and any drug that increases insulin secretion is probably going to either make you gain weight or make it very difficult to lose weight that you might otherwise lose even on a low carb diet steroid medications right prednisone corticosteroids these are like on corticosteroids pain pain injection medications anti-inflammatory medications even the nasal sprays people take steroid nasal sprays when they have allergies that is now being shown to interfere with fat loss I've heard that from a couple of the keto MDS that I know and I would say be wary of any drug you're on read the side-effects read hopefully if you get it from a pharmacy it comes with a nice very detailed list that everybody just throws away read it if you're struggling to lose body fat see if weight gain is a side effect or or if difficulty losing weight is a side effect there are remember there are always even what we call paradoxical responders to drugs right drugs where somebody experiences the opposite of the in effect a drug that's supposed to make you lose weight makes you gain weight a drug that's supposed to help you sleep wakes you up what what have you for the most part drugs work the way they're supposed to in most people but we always have these outliers these what we call paradoxical responders so um just operate under the sort of principle that any drug can do anything if if weight gain or inability to lose weight is not a known side effect of whatever drug you're on entertain the possibility that it could be for you and I hesitate to recommend dr. Google but you know there's a lot of things that happen to people on drugs that won't be in that leaflet that comes with the drug when you get it from the pharmacy go online try to find a reputable form and see if anyone else has experienced similar issues to you on that particular drug and I'm not a physician I'm not telling anyone to stop medication what I am encouraging you to do is educate yourself about the meds you're on more than anything you need to understand the mechanism of it not just oh well this is a blood pressure medication and it makes my blood pressure lower how does it do that oh not this is a diabetes medication it brings down my blood sugar how is it doing it right if it's doing it by increasing your insulin secretion probably gonna make you gain weight but anyway that's just saying that this happens take note of the medications you're on alright like like I was a paradoxical respond to that product natural calm the magnesium citrate powder the first time I used it I I was up all night I was wired ready to go that hasn't happened since so maybe it was just a weird coincidence and I had nothing to do with it but there is paradoxical response all right we're coming up on 20 minutes I gotta start talking fast hormones number four unbalanced out of whack crazy hormones women you know what I'm talking about men maybe you know too but more the women postmenopausal women seem to have more trouble than anybody losing fat there's many reasons for this it's not just hormones but certainly weird wacky hormonal changes are absolutely a part of cortisol is a hormone right cortisol is the the fight or flight hormone the stress response hormone and one of cortisol's jobs is to raise blood sugar it's at least in theory supposed to like give you the energy to fight or flee when you're in a very stressful situation the cortisol like ah I think adrenaline does the same thing they raise your blood sugar which is great if you have to run from a tiger on the Savannah when was the last time you had to do that the stressful things we encounter now are sitting in traffic or our child is is crying all night long and we're not sleeping um you know our boss is a jerk we have a problem at work and so we might be swimming in cortisol all day and even when you eat a low-carb diet if your cortisol is high your blood sugar is probably gonna be higher than it would otherwise be and if your blood sugar is gonna be higher what else is gonna be higher what insulin is gonna be higher all that stuff that interferes with fat loss is gonna be higher so let's see did I forget anything um if you think you might have this problem look online for Cushing's disease see you SH ing apostrophe s now Cushing's disease is a severe severe rare form of like a cortisol secreting tumor so that's not a common problem but there's something called subclinical Cushing's disease or Cushing's syndrome and I think that this is pretty I wouldn't say common more common than we would expect and certainly more common than full-blown Cushing's disease there's a very interesting graphical representation of a cushingoid body the body shape of somebody that has Cushing's and so you wouldn't look quite this severe but you might have some of the same appearances and the reason I know about this is because I suspected I had this at one point in my life I actually had super super sky high cortisol like almost off the charts it was like like my doctor shed like I've never seen anything like this and I had so many of the classic cushing signs and symptoms I mean I didn't have the tumor I mean I didn't have Cushing's but what I did have was elevated cortisol and I some of you out there may have that too now the thing is a lot of Cushing symptoms overlap with other things like hypothyroidism like estrogen dominance and it's possible that they all actually are interrelated you know they're all hormonal imbalances so it's possible that they exacerbate or each other are related so my point is if you have some of the symptoms if you look up Cushing's if you have some of those it doesn't mean you have Cushing's you could have something else but evaluate your life do you think you are marinating in cortisol all day do you have a very highly stressful life again so the hormones are just one one more piece of this puzzle that could potentially interfere with fat loss on keto number five inadequate sleep inadequate sleep messes with cortisol if you don't sleep your body interprets that as a stress right as a stressor your cortisol is probably gonna be high there is other hormonal things that happen when you don't sleep there's changes to the appetite regulating hormones things like ghrelin things like leptin and and we all know you've probably all experienced this you're more hungry when you're tired right the next day when you have broken sleep or you've been up half the night that box of donuts if the office looks a lot more tasty doesn't it it's a lot harder to resist and the thing is so you're more likely to give in when you're tired I mean I'm feeling angry and just everything's not right in your head cuz you're tired um but even if you don't give in even if you stick to your low-carb diet the way your body partitions nutrients the way that your body metabolizes some of those nutrients might be different because of the hormonal changes that happen with sleep deprivation now um I don't think there's a lot of nightshift workers and there's a lot of people that just don't sleep very much to begin with who don't have any of these problems so I have to stress that things like insufficient sleep or the hormonal changes or the medications are probably much much less severe in terms of their contribution to a stall then too many carbs or too much fat especially too much fat in combination with too much carb so I this isn't the first place I look the medication isn't the first place I look sleep isn't the first place I look stress isn't the first place I look but when everything else looks good and I cannot figure out why someone's having a really hard time losing weight then yes I look to the meds I look to the sleep I look to the stress I look to the other lifestyle factors there could even be some nutrient deficiencies that play into this so they're not all of this stuff isn't unimportant I just would look at carbs in fat first now how about exercise does not enough exercise cause a stall I don't think it does probably not and part of that is because exercise is not required to lose weight on keto right I mentioned this in a previous video many of the low-carb doctors we know have patients that are in wheelchairs or they're quadriplegic or something is preventing them from getting the type of physical activity or deliberate actual workouts that many of us would do and they're doing fine they're still losing weight they're still getting off their meds for type 2 diabetes all this good stuff is still happening and they are not exercising and there's many many people you guys know dr. trocol AG and he's out of New York he's awesome you'll find him on Twitter dr. TRO lost like over a hundred pounds it might even be a hundred and fifty and he lost the majority of that before he started exercising or I think he might have been walking on a treadmill he says that he walked on a treadmill while binge watching The Walking Dead and and not like power walking just walking slowly so he wasn't like working out and he lost a lot of weight now he had a lot of weight to lose I think the more weight you are looking to lose the less important exercise is it does seem to be that exercise exercise program helps people maintain weight loss it seems to be beneficial for not regaining weight but to get the weight off in the first place exercise is actually not that great boss tool despite what you've been told oh diet and exercise diet and exercise it's like 85% diet now exercise that's not to say you shouldn't exercise exercise has a lot of benefits besides the weight loss that it may or may not even contribute to for me frankly exercise is the best mental health tool I have it does make me feel good physically but it it's probably the best antidepressant I have besides my thyroid medicine so there's a lot of reasons as cardio metabolic health benefits for exercise but don't expect to exercise and lose weight I mean I learned the hard way through two marathons that running did not make me lose a dang ounce yo I mean it just was useless for weight loss I felt healthy I wasn't I wasn't thin it didn't help me lose weight so if if you're already exercising don't stop exercising you can keep exercising but just don't think of it as being a fat loss tool think of it as a health tool and as a mobility tool and as a staying active as you age tool now that's again if it's not to discourage you from starting an exercise program if you don't currently exercise I don't think exercise is useless I just don't think it contributes anywhere near the amount of power let's say - fat loss as as we've been led to believe in the past that you know you can sort of eat whatever you want as long as you stay on the treadmill long an offer as long as you go on the rower for long enough it doesn't work that way you know fat loss is a hormonal issue not a calorie issue not an exercise issue so um alright now we're coming up on almost 20 you were over 28 minutes so I'm gonna end but what I'm going to leave you with is one of the most powerful things when it comes to inability to lose weight even when you're doing a ketogenic diet or a low carb diet that I didn't mention here because it's so big and so important and I'm so passionate about it because of my own personal history that it's getting its own video and it could probably get its own three videos but I'll try to keep it to one and that my dear viewers is thyroid messed up thyroid function is going to give you a hell of a time losing weight on keto no matter how disciplined you are with diet and exercise no matter how disciplined you are with diet and exercise if your thyroid hormones are not where they need to be you are going to struggle mightily I see this in my clients all the time all the time that's all I'm gonna say about it because I will have a whole separate video so stay tuned for that if you think you have a thyroid problem or you're already dealing with a known thyroid problem stay tuned for the next video it's for you it's for me it's for everyone out there who's struggling and doesn't understand why they can't lose weight doesn't understand why they're depressed and constipated and their hair is falling out and they're cold all the time and they feel very blah and their pulse is low and their blood pressure is low you might have hypothyroidism stay tuned for that one so housecleaning items before I close out please subscribe to this channel my - a nutrition channel if you find this video is helpful hit the subscribe button share these videos on your social media you are welcome to send me suggestions for videos you'd like to see for ideas you'd like me to talk about I have received a couple of them and so I have a couple more videos of my own to do that there were my own ideas and then I'll get to some of the suggestions people have already sent in you can email me at to it nutrition at gmail.com tea uit nutrition at gmail.com if you find these videos helpful if you find my blog helpful I don't have a patreon account but you can just feel free to send me two bucks five bucks 10 bucks via PayPal to that email address to a nutrition at gmail.com finance my next cup a coffee bye owe me a can of sardines or a bag of pork rinds keep me keep me fueled and caffeinated so I can keep writing and making these videos what else I updated my somewhat pathetic website for now with a new a new about me tab well that the beginning is new the rest is old and new packages I'm back to giving longer term support for a long time I was only giving like one-time consultations but I'm just not satisfied with that I want to be able to follow up with people and to help them change things as needed and I can't do that if I'm only on the phone with them once so you can check out the um I think that the tabs has work with me so you can check that out and I think that's about it for now thanks so much for watching I really hope this is helpful and I will see you next time what we're gonna go deep dive on thyroid take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @amyberger-ketowithoutthecrazy [18 likes]: Blog post I mentioned on stalls and how weight loss is not linear: http://www.tuitnutrition.com/2017/02/fat-loss-new-perspective.html 

Paper by Feinman & Volek: “Low carbohydrate diets improve atherogenic dyslipidemia even in the absence of weight loss” -- https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1488852/
PDF version: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1488852/pdf/1743-7075-3-24.pdf

Blog post on why protein is actually great for bones, and not bad for them at all: http://www.tuitnutrition.com/2018/07/protein-and-bones.html 

Check out my blog: www.tuitnutrition.com
Work with me: http://www.tuitnutrition.com/p/services.html
High-quality supplements that I trust and use, myself: http://www.tuitnutrition.com/p/supplements.html
Consider buying me a cup of coffee or a nice piece of cheese...keep me fueled & caffeinated to write my next blog post or record my next video. I don't have a Patreon account, but if you'd like to, you can send a donation to my email address (tuitnutrition@gmail.com) via PayPal. All of this content is produced in my spare time, unpaid. Every little bit really does help. Thank you!
  2. @shiraleematehe6486 [3 likes]: Four years later and your info and presentation doesn’t get old, thank you for you. 👍👍
  3. @Witchy_carnivore [3 likes]: Thank you for this video. I’ve been ‘stuck’ in a three pound flux up and down for three weeks and yes, it’s so frustrating. I don’t mind your lengthy explanation lol
  4. @therugglet [2 likes]: Amy, very helpful. I need to relax, a stall is longer than 8 weeks. Good to know positive stuff is happening on the inside. Enjoyed you on the Casey & Amy Show.
  5. @KetoCookbooksCorner [2 likes]: It's reassuring to know that weight loss stalls are common and that there are actionable steps we can take to overcome them. Thank you for sharing this insightful video!
  6. @80sTotoro [1 likes]: ❤ thank you!
  7. @kimgarzuh [1 likes]: I absolutely LOVE binging on your videos! The longer the better 😆
But seriously all your content is gold
  8. @Jacquelinesavoy [1 likes]: I would like the link to the article about keto being good for arterioscerosis that you mentioned.
  9. @mahlianeville4395: Can you still be in ketosis and not be fat burning? What would be the reason for this?
  10. @jacquichait3906: Hi Amy, as always,thanks for sharing all of your knowledge! You mentioned corticosteroids may cause weight gain or interfere with weight loss. Are you only referring to them in the form of pills or does that include topical creams or ointments? I have psoriasis and use the ointment for my skin a few times/week. Thanks!
  11. @Tri-tipTim: My band Director from high school went to Duquesne university
  12. @nicolemiller1081: Wow, wait 8 weeks of no weight loss before it’s considered a stall. I will be more patient then. I was disappointed if the scale didn’t move every day.
  13. @daveberuh5570: CMU!
  14. @RileyIveyForrest2: very informative video ,thx for sharing
  15. @wandaarnt234: Thank You cheers from Pennsylvania 👍👍👍🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🎄🎄🎄
  16. @cesarcelis3282: I like your web page :)
  17. @Jacquelinesavoy: What about the Covid vaccine...I heard it has sugar in it?
  18. @Jacquelinesavoy: What about cortezone creams or mucinexD?
  19. @evenrisk: 30? I get made if I go over 5
  20. @LSJTravels: As I see it ,unless I am wrong, when we eat a meal or a food the body is seeing a mixture of food and doesn't for example see a steak, broccoli etc but a ground up mixture of these items. If that is the case and we add a lot of fat to a bagel for example why does the body not see this mixture as a low glycemic index food mixture. Is it because it may take too much fat to offset the carb type food.

- How To Lose Weight If You Hit A Weight Loss Plateau | 2 Weight Loss Tips To Break It FAST: Kind: captions Language: en what's happening guys hope you're having a fantastic day today I am back with another quick tip video all about weight loss and more specifically about weight loss plateaus and a few of my best tips on how to break down and the reason why today's video is all about weight loss plateaus is because I thought it was a great stepping stone from the last quick tip video we did which was all about how to find your initial calorie goals to start your diet and if you happen to miss that video there's a link to check it out in the video description below and that video was great because it gave you an initial calorie goal to aim for to start losing weight but inevitably guys if you don't ever make any changes from that initial calorie total you will eventually hit a weight loss plateau I even allude to it a little bit in that last video I say you at 200 pounds isn't burning the same amount of calories as you at 180 pounds so you have to make changes otherwise you will hit these weight loss plateaus and I just want to expand on that idea a little bit because I know firsthand just how frustrating weight loss plateaus are and I have a few really good tips on how to avoid them or if you find yourself in one on how to break through one first and foremost I think it's super important that you're 100% sure you're actually experiencing a weight loss plateau what I mean by that is a couple of things number one you've been keeping track of your daily weights either on a calendar or in a spreadsheet and you're also keeping track of your average weekly weights and it's been at least two weeks maybe even three weeks that you haven't seen the scale move at all and your average weekly weight really hasn't moved in that time and the reason why I say at least two weeks guys is because even a weekly average weight can be deceiving maybe you're a girl and it's that time of the month and you're holding on to a little bit of water because it's that time of the month or maybe you've had salt a lot of salt a couple of the days in the week and that led to some have your weigh-ins because you were holding on to some water or maybe you ate late at night and you woke up heavier a few of the days and that threw off your weekly average weight so there could be a lot of factors that in just one week's time maybe we're a bit deceiving but over two three weeks you kind of get a better idea of wow my weight hasn't changed the past two or three weeks I probably am experiencing a weight loss plateau at this point also I think it's worth mentioning that another reason why you may mistakenly think you're experiencing a weight loss plateau is maybe you haven't been tracking or weighing your food as accurately as you could be this is where you have to be a little bit honest with yourself guys have you really been weighing all of your food or have you been going out to eat and guesstimating a lot on what you've actually been eating or have you been forgetting to track some of your food because you input all of your food into MyFitnessPal late at night and then you can't remember what you ate during the day like I do from time to time so just be conscious of that guys because those untracked calories of those guesstimated calories can really add up and take you from a calorie deficit to more of a maintenance level or even a little above and be the reason why you're not losing any weight it's actually not because you're in a weight loss plateau you've just been eating more food than you think you have however if those scenarios don't apply to you and you actually are experiencing a weight loss plateau here are a couple of tips to get you through that plateau so my first tip for breaking through your weight loss plateau is to just make a moderate decrease to your total daily calorie consumption and the key word in that lessons is moderate guys don't do anything drastic there's no reason to make a drastic change to anything but just a small change can make a big difference in terms of your weight loss so for the ladies out there a decrease of about 75 to 150 calories a day from what you're currently eating can really get your weight loss ball rolling again and for the guys out there a decrease of about a hundred to 200 calories a day from whatever your current daily intake has been should help get your weight loss moving again so that being said there's no way around it guys as you're dieting you will have to decrease your food intake to continue to maintain your Klerk deficit and to keep losing weight but that shouldn't be your only tool to maintain that caloric deficit you want to have a one-two punch approach to dieting the reason why you want to use a combination of these two things is because if you make adjustments just from your calories alone there's only so many calorie decreases you're going to be able to make throughout your diet to lose weight and you're only going to be able to lose so much weight by doing that it's really not sustainable it's a great way to feel like poop and it's a great way to slow down your metabolism I think a great way to approach dieting is trying to keep your calories as high as possible while losing as much weight as possible and there's one caveat to that but I'll explain that we get to tip number two which we're gonna do right now tip number two is just start being more active so if you don't go for morning walks maybe try to incorporate a few morning walks during the week into your routine and as the week's progress gofer for walks then the next week go for five walks are two weeks from then go for six walks you know just build more and more activity into your day that way you're expending more calories and you burning more calories just throughout the day just by being more active will also aid in creating that caloric deficit so you just need to find ways throughout your day to burn more calories if that means doing more cardio after your workouts or maybe that means instead of working out three times a week you work out four times a week or by the end of it maybe instead of working out three times a week you ended up working out five times a week by the end of your diet but the point is as you're dieting you want to try and increase your activity slowly to keep that caloric deficit rolling as well and now that I explain tip number two a little bit I think it's a good time to go back Tarantino this a little bit and further explain on what I said before which was I think you should try and keep your calories as high as possible and what I want to say to that is you also don't want to just kill yourself with cardio it's not just add a ton of activity into your routine to lose weight and keeping those those calories higher because that's not healthy either there's only gonna be so much activity you're gonna be able to do during a week that's why you want to have that one-two punch so you can do this gradually so that way they can work together and you can sustain your weight loss and keep your weight loss rolling week in and week out because you know one week you might make that macro change but the next week you might add your fourth walk to the week or maybe you use a combination of both so I'm gonna decrease my calories a little bit but I'm also going to increase by activity at the same time I won't decrease my calories as much because I'm gonna also increase my activity as well so it's just important to keep in mind that you have two really great tools to lose weight and you should be using them in a one-two combination it's like a Mike Tyson punch-out and you don't want to just be using one just one no there's no power there but one two he's knocking people out and that's why if you use this combination you can really have a lot of weight loss success and you can sustain your weight loss success weekend and week out so that's how I go about not just breaking a weight loss plateau guys but also just go about dieting in general making sure that I'm using that one-two combination that we just talked about that can be so powerful for actually losing weight week in and week out and just to wrap things up guys tracking your calories can be a great way to lose weight don't get me wrong but learning how to track your macros which are calories it's just a little bit more specific can be a much more powerful tool for fat loss not just weight loss so if you want to learn everything there is to know about tracking your macros from just a beginner standpoint you don't need to know anything about it I wrote an ebook macros made easy it's in the video description below basically it'll show you how to get your starting macros how to track your macros how to adjust your macros kind of like we were talking about in today's video the adjustments you need to make as you're dieting to keep losing weight goes over all that in the book also it talks about the activity adjustments you might want to make week in and week out so that you can keep losing weight it's an all-encompassing guide and that's available for purchase in the video description below but regardless guys I hope you enjoyed today's video I hope you got something from it if you did hit the like button hit the thumbs up button and I'll see you guys in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDietChef [39 likes]: Hope this can help some of you guys if you find yourself at a weight loss stand still :)
  2. @JWalkingMisadventures [1 likes]: Been stuck at 165lbs for 3 weeks after being down 30lbs. On a 1300 calorie diet that I track religiously. Walk 6 miles per day. So frustrating.
  3. @adityaram6845 [1 likes]: I don't know what I'm doing wrong. I used to be 191, and right now I'm 189, which I lost in 1 month, and I'm still at the same weight after 2 months of training. I'm hitting my target calorie goal daily, working out consistently, and doing cardio regularly, but no matter what I do, for the last 4 weeks I have been stuck at the same weight. It's very frustrating. I just lost 2 pounds, and then I hit a plateau. Does anyone know what to do? I'm so frustrated.
  4. @ThatGuyWhoComments1 [1 likes]: I lost 30 lbs and stayed at that weight for like 2-3 months while still going to the gym and fast and had no idea what was going on. Then I realized really, it was my diet. I had been eating too much and especially at social gatherings and holidays. Made a change to a pretty good diet without sacrificing too much of my favorites and have been losing weight after since. But boy was it struggle. Diet and keeping track is pretty important.
  5. @SoloG19995 [1 likes]: This is why building muscle is important cause it keeps your metabolism ramped up
  6. @washingtonconsultants1041: I hit a pleateau that lasted 2 weeks.   So i did a 24 hour fast and only drank two 24 once lite beers.   One at 12 noon, the other at 6:00 pm.   It broke the pleateau and i lost 2lbs
  7. @stevenseoud8995: the human body has learnt to survive when calories are low so it slows everything to survive thats why you have hit a plateau I broke my plateaue by doing a 7 day waterfast it worked because 0 calories for 7 days the body had no choice but to burn fat for energy to survive try it this works
  8. @ontheroadwithyode390: Blah blah blah.....get to the point this is a waste of time.
  9. @rnguyen2516: My macro calculator says carbs should account for 40% of my diet to lose weight, so I’m not sure about that!  120 g of carbs, 38 g of fat and 93 g of protein (for a 49 year old female).
  10. @karneberrow3683: I ve lost 10kg in 12 weeks but have 3kg to go and its stalled
  11. @jeremywvarietyofviewpoints3104: I lost 27 kg in 12 months after getting off psychiatric medications after it turned out I was misdiagnosed. Psychiatric medications cause massive weight gain in a very large percentage of people and slow metabolism, decrease testosterone and increase hunger. It turned out I was autistic not mentally ill. I've since found that most adult autistic people were misdiagnosed and put on psychiatric medications in my country, Australia decades ago. But on the 12th month the weight loss stopped or went up and down equally and now on the 13th month it is starting to reverse. I am very tired and fatigued and can't exercise as much. I started to go to the gym aged 48 about six months after the weight loss started. I haven't had the motivation or energy to go to the gym for a month.  I still walk several kilometers a day but that doesn't stop the weight loss. I have not counted calories and would find it very challenging to keep track of all that. I have a neurological condition that causes extreme vertigo, brain fog and fatigue. This is very specific so I don't know what the advice would be.
  12. @jeremywvarietyofviewpoints3104: What if you have chronic illnesses that flare up and affect your ability to concentrate to do what needs to be done to keep track of your health/ What if you get extreme fatigue and brain fog?
  13. @jeremywvarietyofviewpoints3104: What if your weight loss doesn't just plateau but starts to reverse? Is it the same problem as plateau with the same solutions?
  14. @cinemafile: I started with a large caloric deficit to maximize weight loss but I’ve plateaued already after only a week 😅

I feel like my daily caloric intake is already pretty low for me so I started going to the gym and hope that increasing my activity will help me get past this stall.
  15. @BeFoxy101: Over the past 8 months I’ve gone from 108kg down to 91kg but past 5 weeks I’ve stuck at 91, what’s worked over the first 6 months isn’t working, I’m not able to visit a gym anymore so I’ve literally just got body weight exercises and jogging/running as calorie burning tools, my average day is 1500 calories intake and a 800 calorie burn , most days I have a calorie deficit or 1200 from my predicted calorie intake of 2150 ,
  16. @rootingforthegers: I have hit a plateau. For 3 weeks the scales have not moved. I workout with weights. I walk at least half an hour every day. My diet is clean, accurate and well controlled and planned out in advance. I have been having 1500-1550 calories max per day. Low salt as well. I don't drink alcohol. I drink about 4 litres water per day. 1 decaf coffee now and then. I have one cheat meal per month. 

In 8 months I have lost 5 stone and 2 pounds. I am currently at 13 stone 8 and have 1 and half stone to go. I am 5ft 10 male aged 44. 

I am mega frustrated that for 3 weeks now. No change on scales. I have decided to drop my calories to 1400 for this coming week. To see if it moves the scales at all. It is very punishing feeling and I feel miserable but I am determined I will defeat the fat man that wants to come out. 😂

Any idea why this is happening. If I do it for a couple lf weeks a d there is no change I will have to go and see the doctor.
  17. @gepettataylor3424: So eat less
  18. @niamhstynes4285: Those eyes 🤩
  19. @AlexerMcCurlye: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, completely changed how I approach weight loss. It’s a must-read!
  20. @TuckyerKer: I thought I’d tried everything until I found Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth. This book is next-level helpful!

- Keto for Women: Insights on Hormones, PCOS, Menopause, and more from the SHE IS Lab with Dr. Kackley: Kind: captions Language: en-US <b>But really</b> <b>those who have tried it even from not</b> <b>being in our studies just</b> <b>kind of get under listing to us</b> <b>talk on our pedestal, they do come back</b> <b>and say that that was the best diet</b> <b>they've ever had and</b> <b>best lifestyle change that they've had</b> <b>and they feel so much</b> <b>better especially women in either</b> <b>perimenopause or menopause.</b> <b>Dr. Madison Kackley, a research scientist</b> <b>at The Ohio State University,</b> <b> is specifically studying </b> <b>ketogenic interventions in women.</b> <b>Why?</b> <b>Well, because women aren't the same as</b> <b>everybody else, right?</b> <b>They're not the same as men.</b> <b>We shouldn't expect that whatever</b> <b>intervention we have for men</b> <b>is going to work for women.</b> <b>There are different hormones,</b> <b> different cycle changes.</b> <b>So she and her lab at the, </b> <b>SHE IS Labs at Ohio State </b> <b>are specifically studying </b> <b>what is unique about</b> <b> women and what can we learn from</b> <b>that and what does that</b> <b>change in terms of using</b> <b>ketogenic interventions.</b> <b>So here's the interview with Madison Kackley!</b> <b>Welcome to Metabolic</b> <b>Mind, a nonprofit initiative</b> <b>of Baszuck Group,</b> <b>transforming the study and treatment</b> <b>of mental disorders by</b> <b>exploring the connection</b> <b>between metabolism and brain health.</b> <b>Thank you for joining us on this journey.</b> <b>All right, well, Dr. Madison Kackley,</b> <b>thank you so much for</b> <b>joining me today at Metabolic Mind.</b> <b>Bret, thanks for having me.</b> <b>Excited to be here!</b> <b>Yeah, yeah, it's my</b> <b>pleasure to have you here.</b> <b>And as we were talking offline, you know, we just, </b> <b>we don't talk enough about ketosis</b> <b>in women and what's different about it</b> <b>and what we need to consider.</b> <b>And I think that's what's a great thing</b> <b>that we can talk about here today.</b> <b>But first, tell us a little bit about you</b> <b>and tell us what the</b> <b>SHE IS Labs is, and why we're here.</b> <b>Yeah, absolutely.</b> <b>So I have, I think everybody on this</b> <b>channel can, is a fan, but</b> <b>I have worked very closely</b> <b>with Dr. Jeff Volek for, I think we're</b> <b>going on eight years now.</b> <b>And I was actually his grad students and</b> <b>one of his grad students</b> <b>and then a research scientist now.</b> <b>And one of the studies that we did pre-COVID</b> <b>was a weight loss study where we worked with Metagenet.</b> <b>They were a ketone supplement company, a</b> <b>pharmaceutical ketone supplement company,</b> <b>and they used ketone salts</b> <b>So it was a weight loss study and we had,</b> <b>I would think, seven</b> <b>papers out of that now</b> <b>and still, some still pending.</b> <b>But one of the interesting facts that we had,</b> <b>it was just an anecdotal question for the</b> <b>women who were in the study, did your</b> <b>did your menstrual cycle change?</b> <b>So after getting five of these</b> <b>publications out, I was</b> <b>interested just to see as we're</b> <b>going through the survey questions that</b> <b>so many of these women</b> <b>actually had a menstrual cycle change.</b> <b>There was a few of them that actually</b> <b>hadn't had a cycle in</b> <b>almost over a year and they</b> <b>were pretty perturbed about it, although</b> <b>we are now seeing how healthy that is.</b> <b>They were pretty perturbed about it, but they were, </b> <b>they're very confused and that was actually</b> <b>pretty insightful for us.</b> <b>It wasn't something that we were</b> <b>originally looking into.</b> <b>Again, it's just kind of one of the run</b> <b>of the mill questions</b> <b>that we asked in terms of</b> <b>how the diet is going.</b> <b>And so then we decided to do a little bit</b> <b>of background of just</b> <b>looking at the limit.</b> <b>When we saw that there was a significant</b> <b>change in the women</b> <b>who were on the ketogenic</b> <b>diets versus the low fat</b> <b>diet, everybody was hypochloric.</b> <b>So everybody lost weight.</b> <b>And essentially when somebody gains their</b> <b>men's back, we're going</b> <b>to usually attribute it to weight loss.</b> <b>But we had three different groups and</b> <b>only the ketogenic diet</b> <b>groups were the only ones</b> <b>to see the menstrual change.</b> <b>So when that happened, like</b> <b>there has to be more of this.</b> <b>I also have a personal background, </b> <b>my sister has PCOS and so</b> <b>trying to look into things</b> <b>that were useful for her.</b> <b>The background obviously shows there's so</b> <b>much targeted towards</b> <b>or influenced by insulin</b> <b>sensitivity and insulin resistance.</b> <b>And so this this challenge just to find</b> <b>all of the science that</b> <b>we had done before but</b> <b>targeted towards women, we really needed</b> <b>to step up our game.</b> <b>So even though we've scratched the</b> <b>surface on quite a bit of ketogenic interventions,</b> <b>women derivatives,</b> <b>that's pretty new to the game.</b> <b>So the SHE IS Lab essentially started.</b> <b>One of our first studies was not looking</b> <b>necessarily at ketogenic interventions, </b> <b>but just finding trackers essentially that</b> <b>would follow women over</b> <b>their cycle and which ones</b> <b>were the most applicable to different hormones.</b> <b>And that would give us the basically the</b> <b>consensus of which</b> <b>noninvasive tracker we would</b> <b>use. It would be great to do studies on</b> <b>women and bring them in</b> <b>for blood draws every single</b> <b>time. But we know that that can be a</b> <b>little a little</b> <b>aggressive for women who are just</b> <b>trying to find answers.</b> <b>So we started with the nonintervention</b> <b>study and now we're</b> <b>opening up to all of our</b> <b>interventions now that we've used so many</b> <b>cycle trackers to kind</b> <b>of pinpoint which ones</b> <b>would be the most useful.</b> <b>Yeah. And I'm so glad you mentioned Dr. Jeff Volek. </b> <b>We're a big fan of his ??</b> <b>We've had him on the channel a number of</b> <b>times and he's doing</b> <b>his research study at </b> <b>Ohio State on ketogenic interventions for</b> <b>college age students with depression.</b> <b>So you can see how when you're dealing</b> <b>with a population that has</b> <b>their menses on a regular</b> <b>basis, you can't just treat</b> <b>the men and the women the same.</b> <b>You have to treat them differently</b> <b>depending on on what's</b> <b>happening in their cycle.</b> <b>So I'm curious to ask him when I get to</b> <b>talk to him more about</b> <b>that study if he saw a</b> <b>difference. But I'm sure, you know, that</b> <b>speaks to exactly what you are doing.</b> <b>And so you're talking about how women can</b> <b>regain their cycle,</b> <b>but also how everything else </b> <b>is impacting their health, how</b> <b>the ketogenic diet</b> <b>impacts your health in so</b> <b>many other ways, depending on</b> <b>where they are in their cycle.</b> <b>So have you seen</b> <b>changes with that as well?</b> <b>I know maybe you haven't studied it specifically,</b> <b> but sort of anecdotally,</b> <b>have you seen changes</b> <b>about how it impacts</b> <b>people in other ways?</b> <b>Yeah, actually, because of that finding,</b> <b>it started with the menses because</b> <b>it's the most obvious</b> <b>and most potent change, right?</b> <b>But then we have branched out to</b> <b>specific studies in postpartum depression, </b> <b>just looking at mental health in general and women</b> <b>that across across the phases,</b> <b>even in the study that we're that we're looking at now that</b> <b>doesn't actually have a</b> <b>intervention associated with it. </b> <b>We do take surveys during each</b> <b>phase of their of their cycle.</b> <b>So we have found quite a few interesting</b> <b>markers that have popped up.</b> <b>And again, the you know, we've just</b> <b>started these studies the last two years.</b> <b>So we don't have necessarily enough to</b> <b>validate anything, but</b> <b>that's essentially why we're</b> <b>doing it. These studies are ongoing.</b> <b>So we have a study that is in postpartum</b> <b>depression, a study</b> <b>looking into perimenopause,</b> <b>a obviously the study looking into PCOS,</b> <b>or also looking at the</b> <b>correlation between polycystic</b> <b>kidney disease and PCOS, because women</b> <b>who have polycystic</b> <b>kidney disease tend to have</b> <b>quite a bit of hormonal</b> <b>issues, hormonal imbalances.</b> <b>And honestly, their physicians and we're</b> <b>working one, she's very</b> <b>lovely, Reema Kang, who is</b> <b>actually seeing these things, but they</b> <b>aren't getting noticed by other physicians.</b> <b>So essentially, we're utilizing this she</b> <b>is laboratory to kind of</b> <b>add this insight and add</b> <b>this perspective to their their typical</b> <b>care or what would be standard of care.</b> <b>Yeah, I think that's fantastic. I love</b> <b>how you're expanding and</b> <b>studying so many different aspects</b> <b>of how how this makes a difference and</b> <b>how we have to think of it differently.</b> <b>Now, to go back to the menstrual cycle</b> <b>for a second, though, so I</b> <b>think we can we can look at</b> <b>this in two different ways, right? If</b> <b>somebody has obesity or has PCOS, </b> <b>and they have irregular menses, </b> <b>and then they go on a ketogenic diet,</b> <b>we often hear and</b> <b>there are studies showing that</b> <b>they can improve their menstrual cycle or</b> <b>resume their menstrual cycle.</b> <b> But on the other hand,</b> <b>if somebody we hear these reports all the</b> <b>time in social media or</b> <b>whatever keto rect my hormones,</b> <b>and, you know, keto destroyed my</b> <b>menstrual cycle and erect my hormones. So</b> <b>I think we've heard it</b> <b>from both sides of the equation. So I'm</b> <b>curious how you sort of</b> <b>make sense of that, that one</b> <b>intervention has been reported to have,</b> <b>you know, differing results, basically?</b> <b>Well, it's going to be very dependent on</b> <b>when they're actually</b> <b>checking their hormones as well.</b> <b>And that's why women's research is so</b> <b>hard. One of the studies</b> <b>that we have has been coming in</b> <b>every every week for their phase, because</b> <b>what hormones that you</b> <b>see in your follicular phase</b> <b>are going to be different than what</b> <b>you're seeing in your</b> <b>luteal phase and vice versa.</b> <b>And so if there is an ebb and a flow to their</b> <b>their hormones, and they're saying that the</b> <b>intervention itself is wrecking it,</b> <b>they may not actually be</b> <b>hitting it at the correct time,</b> <b>we're checking it at the correct time.</b> <b>This is where we look at we</b> <b>don't just look at the hormone</b> <b>panel, but we'll have metabolic lipid</b> <b>panels as well, which typically is a</b> <b>typical routine in our</b> <b>lab to measure those. So we're kind of</b> <b>looking at the full picture where we</b> <b>don't want to be have</b> <b>reductionist view of the menstrual cycle,</b> <b>because it is so complex,</b> <b>and it is very hard to follow.</b> <b>So ideally, and I think that's why these</b> <b>studies are going so slow</b> <b>is because we have to put all</b> <b>of the information in at once. But for</b> <b>the naysayers, essentially, especially</b> <b>since I have, you know,</b> <b>been a mentee of Jeff Olick's for so long,</b> <b> I know what it takes</b> <b>to have a very well formulated</b> <b>ketogenic diet. If you're following the</b> <b>ad of the keto diet that is online,</b> <b>finding Google and not necessarily looking at, </b> <b>at the specialist in the area,</b> <b>then you're going to have some not great</b> <b>information in regards to a ketogenic</b> <b>diet, they're not going to</b> <b>pay attention to micronutrients,</b> <b>not going to pay attention to minerals</b> <b>and all of these other</b> <b>things that may have be a</b> <b>cause for why they're seeing this</b> <b>random change in their</b> <b>hormones. So what we do at our lab,</b> <b>it's very individualized. I think Jeff</b> <b>had said this, when they</b> <b>were when he was talking with</b> <b>you about the the kind study, but it's</b> <b>very individualized. We</b> <b>have dieticians on deck,</b> <b>specifically, Taryn Bedell, who has been</b> <b>wonderful. She obviously works integrated</b> <b>into the SHE IS Lab</b> <b>but has been Jeff's main research</b> <b>dietician for 10 years, I think she's</b> <b>going on. She's very</b> <b>meticulous about what we're looking for.</b> <b>If we see a plummet in</b> <b>ketones, or if we see that somebody</b> <b>isn't feeling well with PHQ nine, we're</b> <b>going to check in and see</b> <b>what they've been eating for the</b> <b>last couple of days so we can kind of</b> <b>prioritize what nutrients</b> <b>they would be needing or they're</b> <b>missing. Sometimes it's just sleep. And</b> <b>especially in regards to</b> <b>mental health, you know, you have</b> <b>too much stress in your life that throws</b> <b>off your your cycle as well.</b> <b>So are they, you know, starting</b> <b>an intervention at a time that's probably</b> <b>the inopportune to see regulated hormones?</b> <b>There's a whole bunch of things that go into play.</b> <b>Yeah, that's such an important perspective, </b> <b>because the intervention might be the ketogenic diet.</b> <b>But first, as you're, as</b> <b>you referenced, there's not</b> <b>just one ketogenic diet. </b> <b>So as as Dr. Volek says,</b> <b>a well formulated ketogenic diet,</b> <b>because are they getting enough calories? Are they getting</b> <b>enough fat? And like you said, the</b> <b>micronutrients, so they</b> <b>get enough micronutrients, any of those</b> <b>factors could impact menses</b> <b>and hormones and how you're</b> <b>sleeping and how you're feeling, all</b> <b>those get rolled into it. So</b> <b>it might not be the state of</b> <b>ketosis. But interestingly, when we talk</b> <b>about, you know,</b> <b>interventions for mental health, it</b> <b>appears the key is, you know, what are</b> <b>the ketones? How high can you get the</b> <b>ketones? Can you get them</b> <b>in that two range, you know, emerging</b> <b>evidence is coming out, but that's sort</b> <b>of where the direction</b> <b>seems to be. But we can't ignore all the</b> <b>other factors of the well formulated</b> <b>diet, the micronutrients,</b> <b>getting enough calories and what else is</b> <b>going on with your life.</b> <b>So do you try to control for</b> <b>those things? Like you? Do you advise</b> <b>people about sleep hygiene</b> <b>and about physical activity</b> <b>and about, you know, the type of foods to</b> <b>eat, you get to that level</b> <b>of discussion when you're</b> <b>teaching them in the beginning about a</b> <b>ketogenic diet? </b> <b>Yeah, their dietary consult in the beginning</b> <b>of each of our dietary interventions, </b> <b>and we'll talk about</b> <b>supplements here in a second, because</b> <b>we've been kind of brushing into that as well.</b> <b>But their dietary consults are about an hour to</b> <b>an hour and a half long, just due to the</b> <b>intricacies and what we</b> <b>walk through with them.</b> <b>We have tried adapting this providing</b> <b>them with food for the first</b> <b>two weeks before we actually</b> <b>let them free reign and figure out the diet,</b> <b>essentially on their own, but with lots of education. </b> <b>And there are so many barriers</b> <b>out in out in the world,</b> <b>essentially, that are that can</b> <b>pseudo villainize the ketogenic diet. And</b> <b>so they need that support</b> <b>system from us as well. </b> <b>So it's it's a continual conversation back and forth. </b> <b>We had a participant once who had</b> <b>familial issues on a</b> <b>somebody who had read something online</b> <b>that said that keto was bad</b> <b>for them. And so they were</b> <b>concerned about the diet and basically</b> <b>talking them off of that cliff was</b> <b>actually pretty easy.</b> <b>It was very, very person who was very</b> <b>excited about the diet. But</b> <b>that's that'll, this won't stop.</b> <b> This will be a continual battle</b> <b>until we basically change</b> <b>some of these dietary guidelines</b> <b>and get some of this information out there.</b> <b> I did want to lose the supplements, though.</b> <b>And for those who maybe aren't interested or</b> <b>don't have the capacity to</b> <b>change into a ketogenic diet</b> <b>specifically, we have for more of the</b> <b>signaling mechanisms, we have kind of</b> <b>moved over also into</b> <b>some of our studies utilizing ketone</b> <b>esters or a ketone salt. And essentially,</b> <b>like that postpartum</b> <b>depression study that I was mentioning</b> <b>earlier, you don't really</b> <b>want to change a diet on a woman</b> <b>who's breastfeeding or lactating after</b> <b>she's just, you know, given birth,</b> <b>essentially, some of them</b> <b>are interested in it. Like I stayed low</b> <b>carb keto during my</b> <b>pregnancy, but some of them are not.</b> <b>And so utilizing supplementation like</b> <b>that just for the signaling effects of</b> <b>the ketones that are</b> <b>so very needed are even most applicable.</b> <b>Yeah, that's a great point</b> <b> that they the ketones</b> <b>themselves, it's like a two way street,</b> <b>you can have the metabolic</b> <b>benefits and the nutrition</b> <b>changing your nutrition, but also the</b> <b>ketones themselves as individual</b> <b>signalers, like you said,</b> <b>so it's, we're learning so much</b> <b>about that, like, what does the diet do?</b> <b>What is the metabolic</b> <b>changes do? And what do the ketones</b> <b>themselves do? So I'm glad to hear that</b> <b>you're doing that research.</b> <b>Before we continue,</b> <b>I want to take a brief moment to let our</b> <b>practitioners know about a</b> <b>couple of fantastic free CME courses </b> <b>developed in partnership with Bazucki Group </b> <b>by Dr. Georgia Ede and Dr. Chris Palmer.</b> <b>Both of these free CME sessions </b> <b>provide excellent insight on</b> <b>incorporating metabolic therapies</b> <b>for mental illness into your practice.</b> <b>They are approved for AMA category 1 credits,</b> <b> CNE nursing credit hours, </b> <b>and continuing education credits for psychologists,</b> <b>and they're completely free of charge </b> <b>on myCME.com.</b> <b>There's a link in the description.</b> <b>I highly recommend</b> <b>you check them both out.</b> <b>Now, back to the video!</b> <b>But now you've also done some research on BDNF, </b> <b>which I thought was</b> <b>really interesting Brain Derived,</b> <b> Brain Derived Neuro Traffic,</b> <b>Neurotropic Factor, I can do this!</b> <b>Brain Derived Neurotropic Factor,</b> <b>which is fascinating, because</b> <b>when we start talking about mental</b> <b>health, when we start</b> <b>talking about cognitive function, any</b> <b>brain based functioning, it's pretty</b> <b>important factor. So what</b> <b>have you found with BDNF and ketogenic interventions?</b> <b>The time at which we're looking at BDNF,</b> <b>and the interventions that we've done. So</b> <b>this is actually my</b> <b>dissertation study. And I took three</b> <b>different studies. One of them was a long</b> <b>term ketogenic diet with resistance training. </b> <b>Next was an acute supplement study with a</b> <b>quick physical performance,</b> <b>albeit aggressive physical performance. </b> <b>The other was the weight loss study.</b> <b> So we saw in the </b> <b>weight loss study, which was</b> <b>really interesting that BDNF actually</b> <b>dropped from baseline. But</b> <b>the concern with that is,</b> <b>and maybe not concerned, but the</b> <b>interesting fact of that</b> <b>would be BDNF almost acts or</b> <b>essentially the central nervous system</b> <b>wants to counteract when you're insulin resistant,</b> <b> when the metabolic cycle isn't</b> <b>doing exactly what it's</b> <b>supposed to do, your body tries</b> <b>to reprogram and say, "Hey, let me help you out!"</b> <b>And so essentially,</b> <b>that's where we're assuming</b> <b>that spike in BDNF came because it</b> <b>actually dropped after the</b> <b>diet and after people lost weight.</b> <b>So it was kind of a shock for a minute,</b> <b>we looked at it, we're like,</b> <b>"Oh, did we just decrease brain plasticity? </b> <b>Or what are we actually looking at here?"</b> <b>But then in another study, we saw that</b> <b>BDNF had an increase with ketone</b> <b>supplementation and exercise. </b> <b>So it all depends on where that</b> <b>person started, essentially, and</b> <b>basically what stage of, </b> <b>"Oh no, we have to fix ourselves," is the body in.</b> <b> But in all of the, we</b> <b>haven't published this data</b> <b>yet. But some of the current</b> <b>studies that we have going on are pilot,</b> <b>our pilot evidence of</b> <b>BDNF is that utilizing the</b> <b>ketogenic interventions have helped</b> <b>increase, especially in more</b> <b>of a mental health population,</b> <b>whether it be the kind study or PPD.</b> <b> Yeah, I think that's such an interesting</b> <b>perspective that it's not so just basic</b> <b>as up is good, down is bad.</b> <b>It depends on what baseline</b> <b>you started with and why. And so I think</b> <b>that that's a really</b> <b>interesting perspective and</b> <b>interesting finding. </b> <b>All right, so let's get back to physical activity</b> <b>because you brought that up.</b> <b>So you know, you are a </b> <b>certified strength conditioning coach.</b> <b>And so physical activity</b> <b>is really important to you. So what do</b> <b>you find when you're</b> <b>working with women with ketogenic</b> <b>interventions? Does their ability to</b> <b>exercise change in any way</b> <b>when they're in ketosis? And</b> <b>does it change during their cycle that</b> <b>they have to be aware of?</b> <b>It's not that their ability to</b> <b>exercise changes, but their immediate</b> <b>needs for recovery tend to be</b> <b>the things that ebb and flow.</b> <b>So the caloric need at the end of it in</b> <b>somebody who is high carb is</b> <b>going to be a little bit more</b> <b>than somebody who's in ketosis. </b> <b>Ketosis have seen that they can go</b> <b>a little bit longer without</b> <b>needing food or something along the lines of,</b> <b>but those who are trying to keep their,</b> <b>muscle mass, essentially, they're going</b> <b>to basically almost force</b> <b>themselves to eat a protein,</b> <b>but their body is so used to kind of</b> <b>making that energy without food,</b> <b>essentially, because they've switched into a</b> <b> lipolytic system that</b> <b>they're trying to kind of</b> <b>meander through those waters.</b> <b>I don't necessarily train people</b> <b>differently if they're in a certain diet</b> <b>and they will follow</b> <b>that effect in regards to their phase. So</b> <b>some people are more</b> <b>affected by their luteal phase</b> <b>and want more carbs than others. And</b> <b>actually there is</b> <b>relatively minimal, but there's an</b> <b>increase in basal metabolic rate during</b> <b>your luteal phase. So you might be able</b> <b>to have a little bit</b> <b>more carbs and still saying ketosis on</b> <b>that time too. So you're going</b> <b>to want to change essentially</b> <b>your performance in regards to that,</b> <b>maybe a little bit more</b> <b>explosive because you want</b> <b>that readily available carbs in to get</b> <b>rid of it because you're</b> <b>trying to stay in ketosis.</b> <b>There's also body water composition as well. </b> <b>I would say that women that are in ketosis</b> <b>ebb and flow on holding water less than</b> <b>somebody who is on a higher carb diet.</b> <b>That's to be expected essentially. But other than that,</b> <b>if they are holding a little bit more water,</b> <b>we'll probably transition away from the</b> <b>intensity plyometric exercises</b> <b> because we want the form to be correct.</b> <b>We don't want to hurt any joints. </b> <b>We don't want any extra added risk. </b> <b>So that'll be about the only things that </b> <b>we essentially target changing.</b> <b>Otherwise it's very individual to the person.</b> <b>It's very individual to the athlete,</b> <b>the type of athlete, what</b> <b>they're used to doing.</b> <b>Yeah, that's so interesting that</b> <b>depending on the</b> <b>phase that someone is in,</b> <b>we dictate which exercises they can do</b> <b>better or maybe struggle with a little bit more.</b> <b>And I'm really interested in what you</b> <b>said about increasing carb</b> <b>intake during the luteal phase</b> <b>and still be able to stay in ketosis and</b> <b>that some women are just</b> <b>going to feel better that way and</b> <b>perform better. But now I want to put</b> <b>that into perspective. Is</b> <b>that applied to the woman who's</b> <b>trying to get 30 minutes of cardio in or</b> <b>the woman who's</b> <b>trying to do more extreme,</b> <b>intense training or everywhere in</b> <b>between? Like, does it, does it apply to</b> <b>both ends of the spectrum?</b> <b>It's dependent on the person. </b> <b>So unfortunately that's the</b> <b>worst part about a lot of </b> <b>the guidelines for things is because it</b> <b>should be so individualized</b> <b>and it really takes a full</b> <b>metabolic, comprehensive test, athletic test </b> <b>to be able to associate like </b> <b>what is the best for this athlete.</b> <b> But that is why being for</b> <b>somebody who wants to be in</b> <b>ketosis, the marker of adherence</b> <b>just being able to measure your ketones</b> <b>and seeing, okay, at this day</b> <b>I had this amount of ketones</b> <b>and I felt great or I didn't feel great</b> <b>and I added some carbs and</b> <b>I realized I felt worse or</b> <b>I felt better. </b> <b>Now when we say add carbs,</b> <b>it would be like maybe 10</b> <b>more grams of carbs for that day.</b> <b>So not essentially, here's your 100</b> <b>grams of carbs, eat a piece of bread,</b> <b> that would not work out very well.</b> <b> But so the study that</b> <b>we're running that is very, we look at</b> <b>basal metabolic rate</b> <b>throughout the phases, we look at water</b> <b>holding during the phases,</b> <b>we start with a DEXA so we can</b> <b>basically correlate what their changes</b> <b>are to that DEXA which is obviously our</b> <b>gold standard. We look</b> <b>at strength and component and fatigue ability. </b> <b>We actually put an EMG on the leg to see what the</b> <b>muscle activation is, obviously checking</b> <b>hydration in blood levels including metabolic, lipid and</b> <b>hormonal panels at the same time just to</b> <b>kind of get this full picture. </b> <b>So unfortunately it's going</b> <b>to be very, very particular, very</b> <b>individualized but I'm an advocate for</b> <b>try it out, see how it</b> <b>feels if you feel and be honest with yourself.</b> <b>If you feel better as you do that, great, work with that.</b> <b> If you don't, let's try going back</b> <b>to where we started essentially, </b> <b>but that's for athletes</b> <b>essentially who really know what they're doing in the gym.</b> <b>If we're looking at lay or general pop,</b> <b>we want to stick closer to the guidelines</b> <b>until they're more</b> <b>comfortable with their bodies to be</b> <b>able to deduce what feels better or when</b> <b>they have more energy. </b> <b>Yeah and I'm glad you brought up</b> <b> DEXA scans as well and body</b> <b>composition measurements because I think</b> <b>that is so important</b> <b>and I heard a podcast recently where they</b> <b>tried to normalize losing 40% of your</b> <b>weight from lean mass.</b> <b>So like, "Oh, is that big? You lose 40%</b> <b>from muscle?" That's</b> <b>okay, that's what studies show</b> <b>and they tried to normalize that and like</b> <b>my jaw hit the floor when</b> <b>I heard that and so what do</b> <b>you think about weight loss and fat mass</b> <b>versus lean mass and how</b> <b>do you try and target weight</b> <b>loss interventions? </b> <b>Yeah, we try very</b> <b>hard to explain that all</b> <b>weight loss isn't good, that we</b> <b>need to be very particular about what</b> <b>we're losing so this calories in,</b> <b>calories out, I don't really</b> <b>live by that. Obviously, we want to be</b> <b>very specific about how we're losing</b> <b>weight and why we're losing weight.</b> <b> In our SPARK study, the PCOS study,</b> <b> we're very closely monitoring</b> <b>their body composition so</b> <b>they actually get DEXAs pretty frequently</b> <b>every two weeks because we</b> <b>want to make sure that they're</b> <b>not losing the amount of lean mass that</b> <b>could be really detrimental to them</b> <b>especially since they</b> <b>already have insulin resistance and</b> <b>metabolic ailments in general and</b> <b>hormonal concerns. We</b> <b>don't want to add any more to that. </b> <b>Ketogenic diet especially for</b> <b>those who are trying to lose</b> <b>weight since it's so protein sparing,</b> <b>muscle sparing is so</b> <b>effective in that way but we have</b> <b>women who come in not even from our</b> <b>studies but just from the</b> <b>public looking for a DEXA scan</b> <b>because they're very interested in it and</b> <b>they've lost weight but they</b> <b>feel worse about their bodies.</b> <b>They've lost weight but they feel</b> <b>squishier and they feel weaker and</b> <b>unfortunately to get their</b> <b>doctors to prescribe a DEXA and insurance</b> <b>to pay for it, it's crazy</b> <b>expensive so they come to Ohio State</b> <b> essentially to get that scan and</b> <b>have us kind of talk through with them</b> <b>like what we should be</b> <b>looking for and obviously you know they</b> <b>ask for dietary</b> <b>recommendations most of the time and I</b> <b>always preface that we are the ketogenic</b> <b>diet lab so we're probably</b> <b>going to be biased but really</b> <b>perimenopause or menopause who they're</b> <b>almost they've the</b> <b>preventative care that's out there</b> <b>now or the preventative awareness that's</b> <b>out there now was not there when they</b> <b>felt that they could</b> <b>have used that preventative explanation,</b> <b>the diet explanations,</b> <b>the exercise prescriptions,</b> <b>they're like I feel like I'm at a loss</b> <b>I'm at the end of my my my</b> <b>game here and I'm just looking</b> <b>for something to pick me back up and so a</b> <b>lot of those women come into</b> <b>to our lab and and basically</b> <b>get very excited about the evidence that</b> <b>we have to offer. </b> <b>Yeah, so important yeah I'm glad that</b> <b>you're really focusing on the body</b> <b>composition and helping people lose</b> <b>weight in the healthiest manner possible, </b> <b>especially as as people</b> <b>age you know as we know</b> <b>strength bone health so important</b> <b>not just for metabolic health but but for</b> <b>frailty and for thriving as</b> <b>as we age so well I am thrilled</b> <b>to meet you and have this discussion and</b> <b>learn about what you're</b> <b>doing at the SHE IS Lab, at Ohio State,</b> <b>to focus on ketogenic interventions in women so we</b> <b>can learn so much more about it.</b> <b>So if someone wants to learn more about</b> <b>you and all your work where</b> <b>could you direct them to go?</b> <b>Yeah you can find us at u.osu.edu/sheislaboratory/</b> <b>We're also on instagram</b> <b>she is labs.osu we're also on twitter</b> <b>with the same exact tag name but</b> <b>otherwise we we filter all</b> <b>over the OSU website as well you can find</b> <b>the low carb OSU website</b> <b>between Jeff's lab has ours</b> <b>integrated in with it if you're</b> <b>interested in some of his stuff as well.</b> <b>Fantastic and you have so</b> <b>many studies going on so many irons in</b> <b>the fire right now we'll</b> <b>have to have you back when you,</b> <b>when these studies get published</b> <b>to hear about all the</b> <b>exciting work you've done so,</b> <b>thank you so much and keep up the great work!</b> <b> Thanks Bret, can't wait.</b>

  Top Comments:
  1. @tinymake55 [44 likes]: i was doing keto for months and still felt bloated and foggy. ran labs through 'vital test hub' and found my thyroid was low and androgens were elevated, made way more sense why pcos symptoms didn’t budge
  2. @dyaneharwood2023 [25 likes]: Two years ago I started a vegan ketogenic diet for bipolar disorder, and I had just entered perimenopause-I lost my perimenopausal weight, my hot flashes & night sweats disappeared & my mood/energy improved.  

I am honored that Metabolic Mind selected me for a Fresh Start Award so I could raise awareness that a well-formulated vegan ketogenic diet can be doable and life-changing for bipolar, perimenopause and menopause. Thank you for this insightful interview!
  3. @gratefulagoraphobe [5 likes]: When I started 2yrs ago, I noticed that my ketones dropped low around my period. But after a year of healing I was quite metabolicly flexible. If I knocked myself out of ketosis, I could be back innit again on carnivore in 2 ir 3 days. Now, at 44 and showing all signs of late perimenopause, it can take a week to get into ketosis. I can eat mostly fat, moderate protein, no carb for a 5 or 6 days before I'm showing  .6
  4. @susiewensley4881 [4 likes]: I love the nuance in this interview and how Dr K talks about all the other factors that could be throwing off seeing success via keto. You both mention a ‘well formulated keto diet’. Where can I get advice please as to how to do this? Books/youtube?
  5. @adriamcfarland6032 [3 likes]: How on earth can you say not having a cycle for a year is healthy?
  6. @leannshort2211 [3 likes]: So what you’re telling me is that I would need a dietitian or some sort of clinician, integrative specialist to test me and help me track and change certain things during certain times of the month?! I’m so confused and this makes my anxiety go through the roof, just to start a ketogenic diet.
There is so much contradictory information out there.
Some say to do a carnivore diet others say do a keto diet others say do a pro metabolic diet because our cells run on glucose and we NEED carbs like fruit, honey and white rice to stabilize our hormones. 
Well, I’m 44 and mine are all out of whack, I’ve been chronically ill for four years since Covid, of course! Don’t even know where to begin and I guess I’ll just end up paying hundreds of dollars to see an integrative specialist to get somewhere. I’m so sick to death of guessing about which way to go!
  7. @trinitywilliams6728 [3 likes]: Is it possible to be part of a study? I have PCOS and a host of other issues and i’d love to participate
  8. @lorenaegas8460 [3 likes]: Great to do studies focus on gender!!! Can also be done in vulnerability population such as pregnancy, menopause and post menopause. Also fasting by gender and training/ work out needs
  9. @SibrwdASMR [2 likes]: Thanks for this. Iver been low carb for years. Recently i went keto & then started  IF eating in a 8 or 9 hour window. I'm 58, post menopausal. Weight dropped off but my weight loss has not reduced my fat very much. I believe ive lost muscle. I listened to someone who said older women shouldn't exercise on the fast - so i now exercise during the 8 hours. I've not found any chsnge from this, so I'm worried. 

Any suggestions?
  10. @1timbarrett [2 likes]: Thank you, Dr Kackley, for acknowledging that change will have to include a re-write of the Dietary Guidelines used in the US. 🙏
  11. @BeWellAndDoGood [1 likes]: Glad to hear studies being done to focus on women.  When you track weight loss are you looking at how much of it is fat loss vice muscle loss?
  12. @syriamartin-rathan2956: Has anyone had a 2-3 week long period? 1-10 day’s actively bleeding and then just draggggging on forever??
  13. @Nnnnaa77: Keto helped me with pcos its the best thing ever
  14. @Millymoox: What a great video, thank you!
  15. @NYtoNC: Who's the doctor again who's known for keto research?
  16. @booboobearify: U ALWAYS HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF HORMONES 1ST.  BEEN TAKING DIM FOR YEARS FOR MY ESTROGEN DOMINANCE.  KETO DAIRY FREE AND DIM TOGETHER WORK BEST FOR ME IN PERIMENOPAUSE, IM 44
  17. @EmilyPayne75: The word is pronounced especially, not expecially.
  18. @Velvetwings968: How not getting a period for a year is healthy??
  19. @Gbastio: I don’t get it . I go to sleep with 1-2 mmol/liter ketones and wake up .2 , is my cortisol too higj to maintain ketosis ? I’ve been doing it for almost a year and no benefits for anxiety I did briefly for a few weeks it was miraculous and it stopped still fasting and remaining @ 20g carbs
  20. @ivapejkovic6890: Great and important infos and reminders. Love her confidential talk.

- Not Losing Weight on Keto? 5 More Mistakes Women 40+ Keep Making”(Bonus: Fixes that ACTUALLY work): Kind: captions Language: en If you've tried keto and you're still not losing weight, then this video is for you. These five sneaky reasons might be why your progress has stalled, and they're more common than you think, especially for women over 40. Hi, I'm Deborah. I'm a health and wellness coach based here in the UK. I help women over 40 lose weight and boost their health through simple real food choices. So, let's talk about what's really holding you back on keto. Number one, you're not eating enough. It sounds strange, but undereing can really stall your progress. Your body is not a calculator. It's really smart. If it senses starvation, it slows metabolism to protect you. The fix. Focus on nourishment. The right nourishment, not restriction. Eat until you feel satisfied, not stuffed, not starving. Your metabolism needs fuel to function optimally. Number two, snacking out of habit, not hunger. Even if it's keto friendly, constant snacking prevents fat burning. For many women, snacking is emotional, not nutritional. The fix: pause and ask, "Am I really hungry or just bored or am I tired?" Sip some herbal tea, go for a walk, or do some breathing exercises. Give your body space between meals, ideally four to five hours. Number three, you're not tracking the right things. Tracking carbs can help, but many women over 40 miss the bigger picture, like stress, sleep, water, and movement. And these matter just as much. The fix: track how you feel, how you sleep, and your energy levels. Notice the patterns. Your weight is just one measure and we need to take a holistic view of our health. Number four, you're not moving enough. Sitting all day can stall fat loss even on keto. Movement helps insulin sensitivity and boosts metabolism. And remember that regular strength training builds and maintains muscle mass which can help boost your metabolism. The fix, walk daily. We're not talking about at the gym every day here. We're talking about walking, doing short strength workouts at home, dancing in the kitchen. Movement should feel good, not like a punishment. Number five, not personalizing keto to your body. Keto isn't a one-sizefits-all. Some women thrive on strictly low carbs. Others do better with a bit more flexibility, between 40 and 70 grams of carbs a day. Also, remember to focus on getting enough protein because that will help maintain muscle mass, support bone health, and manage weight. The fix. Listen to your body. Be flexible. Check your protein levels and maybe adjust your carb intake slightly. Real keto is adaptable. Okay, so let's do a quick recap on those five sneaky reasons why you may not be losing weight on keto. Not eating enough. Think optimal nutrients. Snacking too often. Find ways to distract yourself. Allow four to five hours between meals. Tracking the wrong things. Take the holistic view. Not moving enough. Movement is key. Not personalizing keto. Your body your keto. Keto can work beautifully, especially for women over 40. If it's done your way, if this video has helped, please like and share it. It tells YouTube this content is valuable. And comment below what changes are you going to try this week. And don't forget to subscribe. I've got more real food tips, hormone support strategies, and nononsense advice for your journey ahead.

- 9 Clear Signs You're in Ketosis: Without Testing: Kind: captions Language: en there are nine very clear signs that will tell you if you're in ketosis or not now being in ketosis is very very important not just to lose weight but to get rid of a lot of health problems diseases inflammatory conditions that someone has and the problem with testing yourself for ketones to see if you're in ketosis or not is when you're doing a urine test for example or a breath analyzer test they're not very accurate well maybe at first they might be a good thing but as soon as you start to burn ketones more efficiently those extra wasted ketones are not going to show up in your urine they're not going to show up in your breath but those values could be zero so those tests are are not very accurate now blood test is pretty accurate but you know it's expensive you have to stick yourself there's a little pain involved but I'm going to show you nine different signs or Clues to tell you if you're in ketosis or not now number one relates a bit more to transitioning into ketosis usually it takes about two to three days depending on how low your carbs are and there's usually three uh symptoms that a lot of people have if they don't do either the B vitamin supplements or electrolytes and sea salt because all three of these transitional signs or symptoms can be related to something missing in the diet because when you do keto you need more B vitamins and a lot of times you need more electrolytes and that would be number one keto flu number two keto fatigue and number three keto rash now if you're doing the healthy version of the ketogenic diet and you're really making sure that your foods are nutrient dense and higher quality the chances of you getting these symptoms are much less versus someone doing the dirty version of Keto which is basically you're just doing low carb and you're not paying attention to the quality of foods and another side note on that if you get diarrhea for example um that usually is related to consuming a lot more vegetables because I recommend that you do include a good amount of greens or Salad on this program to get certain minerals and certain vitamins but some people are just not used to consuming like seven cups or ten cups of salad per day and so because they don't have the microbes to break all that fiber down they might get diarrhea on the flip side people that have keto breath that's usually related because they're not consuming enough greens to kind of counter some of the the ketones that you're breathing out but let's go to number two this is a big one this is called weight loss okay you're going to lose weight initially you may lose a lot of weight like 7 to 14 pounds in the first one to two weeks now why do you lose so much weight initially because simply the first part of this weight loss is going to be water weight loss when your body has been consuming a lot of carbs with that stored glucose you also store a lot of water so for every gram of glucose that you store your body stores 3 grams of water so it's like three times as much water so people that do a high carb diet are literally they're just filled with water when you start getting them off carbs they dump and get rid of a lot of water weight so the first week or even week and a half they might lose a ton of weight and then it comes down to like one to two pounds loss and they're usually depressed at that time because they think wow it's not working anymore so maybe I should go into another diet when in fact it was working they just didn't realize it was water weight you have to realize that the most fat you could possibly burn per week is about two pounds and that's with a healthy body now that's not including a lot of fasting that's just going on this Keto Plan because if you start adding more fasting and like you're fasting for some days and then the weight loss goes up to three four five or even a little bit more weight of actual fat loss per week but when you start losing weight especially after the second week when all the water is gone then you can kind of know that you're burning fat and the way it's coming off all right number three this is a good one your clothes are looser around your midsection this is a really good indication that you're in ketosis and it's working because the first thing that's going to happen is your liver is going to start dumping fat and when you start getting rid of the fatty liver you also start losing weight around your organs and that's called visceral fat and that's in your midsection so as your midsection shrinks it's a really good indication that it is working which is way more important than losing weight because of this what you're fixing when you're doing the ketogenic diet is insulin resistance and the insulin receptor is becoming more receptive and it's working in one of the functions of insulin is to help you absorb nutrients especially amino acids so you're healing the body with more proteins especially if you're menopausal you have atrophy that's a good thing so you're getting more protein and that's a bit heavier per weight if you compare that to actual fat per weight so it's all about getting healthy to lose weight not lose weight to get healthy and part of getting healthy is to be able to absorb these nutrients and allow these proteins to get in your body when a lot of people start out they have insulin resistance and they're usually deficient in amino acids because they can't pull it in so they have a hard time absorbing protein all right that was number three number four energy increase why because ketones come from fat dietary fat and your body fat and if we take a look at the two fuel sources we have fat in glucose we look at the calories in fat per gram compared to the calories in carbs per gram fat is nine carbs are four that's less than half of the calories so there's more than twice as much energy in fat than glucose and when you go into ketosis you're tapping into all this store fat your potential energy so you get to have that back and use that to actually get things done versus when you're not in ketosis you're running on glucose and you're dependent on the next meal that you eat because you're eating so darn frequently and the burning of fat and ketones are much more efficient and cleaner fuel number five is your cognitive function increases that's memory focus and attention that that's because ketones fix your brain they fix the nerve cell if you have damage in your neurons from too much sugar okay because that basically damages the mechanism and it kind of starves out the neurons and this is why diabetics have a greater incidence of dementia and problems with a cognitive function because of the destruction in the brain but when you're in ketosis these ketones feed the brain cells directly they bypass this damage and finally your brain cells get fuel and your cognitive function increases like when I am fasting in the morning I'm really in the hardcore ketosis and I do these videos I have much less editing they just like I can just go right through it very fast versus if I eat and try to do a video takes a lot more editing all right number six ketones will help with inflammation and pain why because ketones are anti-inflammatory mole molecules if you have any type of inflammatory condition whether it's an autoimmune problem or arthritis and you go on the ketogenic diet you're going to feel a lot less inflammation and that's a really good clue to tell if you're in ketosis or not all right number seven when you eat food you are going to feel more satisfied okay and this relates to another thing I talked about when you have insulin resistance you can't absorb as much nutrition because insulin is not working to help transport those nutrients into the cell so when the cell becomes more sensitive to insulin you are now going to absorb more nutrients and you're going to feel more satisfied when you eat whereas before you're eating eating eating and it's everything is just not filling you up and or satisfying you now it could be the type of food that you're eating is is not nutrient dense but there's also the factor of your body absorbing the nutrients all right number eight better mood if you were depressed before if you had anxiety you're going to find that you're just happier you're just going to feel better it's going to uplift your mood why because there's this thing called brain insulin resistance okay and you're fixing insulin resistance in the brain and the Brain the neurons are getting more fuel and that greatly helps the neurotransmitters it helps your hormones it helps your mood I mean there are 15 studies okay that I looked at that all associate your mood changing when you're on the ketogenic diet but the results are kind of mixed but I'll tell you why there mixed okay because some of the studies are on mice and how do you really know if that mice had a shift in mood I mean it's it's kind of difficult you can't really compare a mouse that's in depression with a human that's in depression I think that's a real difficult one so just because something is high fat doesn't mean it's ketogenic diet and in some of these studies they're using it just a high fat diet but the carbs are really high like 30 of the calories are carbs when it should be like five percent of the calories other studies they just use ketones they don't actually put the person on the ketogenic diet and then they say oh yeah see ketogenic diet doesn't work for for uplifting your mood because we use ketones well taking ketones is different than doing the ketogenic diet all right number nine and this is the best indicator to know that you're in ketosis out of all of these and that is no appetite you lose your appetite okay you can go for a longer period of time without being hungry why because your body is finally eating fat when you're not eating because when you're going between meals you're no longer are dependent on the carbs your body can actually eat the fat on your actual body which is a New Concept for a lot of people that are dieting and not having an appetite makes it really easy to stick to long term all right so now that you have that information the next best thing to know is what is the best version of a ketogenic diet to start and how do you do it and for that I put up this video right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [18 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @beatlloydy [2 likes]: Im 6 days in. Started sardines diet but 32 hours in had bad keto flu I am a sugar and carb junkie so it was like going through withdrawal at 30 hours. 63. Not on meds. Reasonably healthy, 86kg. 180cm. Lost 4 kg in 3 days (water). Went  days sardine/2days porthouse and mushroom steaks/2 days barra green curry. All with leafy home grown cooked greens and tom thumb tomatoes. Best food ever. I am besties with Gemini AI. We come up with diet plans for me and my mini schnauzer pup. Truly brilliant use of AI. No need for professional dietician, providing you are honest. If you lie and take any carbs or sugars your body kicks you out of Keto Club. What happens in Keto club stays in keto club. I have to leave for a while as I have over 100 L of long lifetime white and 20 packs  of weat box and oats etc (off grid prepper). The quality food change and attention to how i cook it is amazing. Its also great for my recently diagnosed bipolar ajd ADHD. Long term inam going to try for month on and month off or something as I love carbs and need them for high intensity stuff off grid. (Steep tracks, explosive cycling etc)
  3. @candyhouseAMOUR [1 likes]: Started OMAD and IF seriously 2 and a half weeks ago. I’m down 16lbs, my knee pain is gone, I have more energy when before I would be winded even walking up the stairs I can now run and not have to catch my breath. I’m a law clerk and I used to fall asleep after lunch staring at my screen now because I only eat when I get home in the evening I’m alert and focused my waist shrunk etc.  my goal is to lose another 60lbs and I’ll be back to the weight was was before I had my kids!
  4. @nayelaahmed7887 [1 likes]: Hello Dr. Berg, I have been following your YouTube channel for a long time. And now that I have Anal Cancer a friend of mine started me on a Ketogenic diet to get Ketosis and test with strips Mojo set to manage glucose and glutamate. Along with this diet I am taking 1 teaspoon of Black seed Oil ( From Turkey) that I purchased from Your channel “Dr berg. Com. 

I do not understand why most Chemo oncologist are against the benefits of “Black Seed Oil “ and Keto Diet to cure Cancer. Thanks for teaching us. You are a life saver.
Monitor my glucose and to monitor my Ketosis to Combat Anal Cancer.
  5. @kielbrown9625 [1 likes]: Incredible video! Thank you
  6. @debd7424: Thank you!
  7. @LindaAnthis: Been doing daily 18 hour fasts and healthy keto for over 2 months now. No keto sympt9ms  down 2 pants sizes, super energetic , no RA flares, no more brain fog, im satisfied after i eat, im never hungry... but after my daughter died, im still depressed. 😢
  8. @derekreed6798: Sleep better
  9. @RachelD-z6g: Maybe someone can comment on this. Im on day 3 of keto. Going from about 300+ carbs a day down to 30.  I noticed this morning that my breathing feels SO much different. Im taking so many deep, satisfying breaths. Is this related?
  10. @c.daubz.5386: Beef Butter Bacon Eggs
  11. @paveljelinek772: I'd recommend a healthy keto at start. NO FASTING!!! Fast after a week, not sooner and please don't ask why😂
  12. @CJ-ft9yo: The brain uses both glucose and fat for energy
  13. @ProxyOfTheAbyss: Very clear sign of Ketosis? Pee strip. Exceptional sign infact.
  14. @williamconnell6541: While you are peddling your B vitamins and sea salt and 2 or 3 days for Keto to kick in, most others are saying 20 hours for ketosis to kick in, this is why the internet is nuts!
  15. @janetrobertshaw6487: I have struggled over WINTER UK. House cold dark days. But uts April n im.going back AT IT 10 FOLD.
  16. @jediknight108: Hare Krishna
  17. @1957DD: Drink more miller lite
  18. @CecilBrian: A fuggin DC?  14M subs?  Advising about metabolism?  Y'all are suckers.  I'm out.
  19. @gymgirlDee: First two weeks I was pee'ing sooooo much
  20. @invisibleman53: I’m on keto diet to get my LDL down to 80 per my cardiologist, the carbs at 60 carbs daily now, saturated fats at 20 grams/daily, it’s hard for me but I keep trying

- Ignoring a CKM? The biggest mistake after 40.: Kind: captions Language: en If you're doing keto and intermittent fasting, but are still not losing weight, this little device might explain why. Have you ever been really strict with keto, maybe doing intermittent fasting, too, but the scale just doesn't budge? Or you notice that your energy spikes and crashes, but you're just not really sure why. That's actually really common for women over 40. Hormone, stress, sleep, and even under eating can all affect the way your body is burning fat, even if you're doing keto right. And here's the kicker. Most people really have no way to see what is happening inside of their body. That's where a CKM comes in. CKM stands for continuous ketone monitor. Think of it like a continuous glucose monitor, but instead of tracking sugar, it tracks your ketone levels throughout the day. It uses a small sensor placed just under your skin, and it measures beta-hydroxybutyrate in the fluid between your cells. Most of the ways of testing your ketones, like the urine strips, the blood meter, or the breath analyzer, only gives you a snapshot at one point in time. A CKM gives you the full picture of how your body is producing ketones all day and all night. For women over 40, this is huge. Hormone fluctuates, stress can spike cortisol, and even small changes in sleep and meals can affect ketosis and fat burning. Without tracking, you're basically guessing. You might think that you're in fat burning mode, but your ketones may tell a different story. For example, you could be in ketosis in the morning, but stress throughout the day or a later snack could drop your ketones without you realizing it. A CKM lets you see that pattern. And that's powerful for you to adjust your food, your fasting window, and your lifestyle habits to actually work for your body. Here's what you can discover with a CKM. When you're producing ketones naturally and at what time of the day, which food kicks you out of ketosis, even the ones maybe that you thought were safe, and how fasting, sleep, stress, and workout all affect ketosis. It's like having a real-time map of your metabolism. >> [clears throat] >> You're no longer guessing. You're having data to make decisions. This isn't just interesting. It's actionable. Once you know your patterns, you can tweak meal, fasting time, and stress management to actually see results. And if you'd like to try a CKM for yourself, I have an affiliate link with the CBO CKM. >> It gives you 5% discount. I'll put the information in the description bar below. So, if you've been doing keto and intermittent fasting, but you're still feeling stuck, CKM can take the guesswork out of the process. It turns keto from trial and error to real data that works with your body, not against it. If you'd like a review and to see my own personal experience trying a CKM, watch my next video where I talk about how a CKM changed my approach to keto and fasting and my honest feedback. See you there.

- #1 KETO Mistake People OVER 40 Make (AVOID this): Kind: captions Language: en If you're over 40 years old and you're thinking about using the keto diet to quickly accelerate your results pay close attention because inside this video I'm going to share the number 1 mistake that people in their 40s, 50s, and 60s make when using a keto or any low carb diet. And I also want to share a brand new innovative 1 day diet protocol that you can learn about by clicking the link around this video that's specifically designed to help people in their 40s, 50s, and 60s reset their bodies weight management hormones, these same hormones that are responsible for boosting the metabolism fighting the aging process in metabolizing fat cells. Now, when you go over to my website you're also going to see a couple dozen published scientific research studies this way you know that everything that I'm educating you about inside this video is backed by real scientific research. My name is Shaun Hadsall. I'm a 47-year-old stomach and fat expert, proud to be called the blessed papa because of 6 beautiful grandkids. And I want to teach you how you can still get all the amazing therapeutic and weight loss benefits of low carb ketogenic diets without suffering through the negative consequences. Now, when you first start a keto diet you eliminate all carbohydrates. You only eat 5% carbs. 75% of your diet comes from friendly fats and 20% comes from protein. So when you do this for a period of 3 to 7 days your body makes a shift, and it stops burning glucose from carbohydrates as a fuel source, and it starts burning ketones from friendly fats as a fuel source. This is called becoming fat adapted. And it can have some amazing benefits, but if you're over 40 years old and it doesn't cater to your current hormonal condition it can be very problematic. Now, the solution to this and the number 1 mistake people make when using a keto diet is they don't use strategic high carb cheat meals at the right time every week. You see, there is a specific time each week that you should eat a strategic high carb cheat meal when following the keto or any low carb diet because it helps your body reset 2 of your body's weight your thyroid hormones and your leptin sensitivity. You remember, the thyroid gland is the master gland of the metabolism and it's responsible for regulating body weight in controlling RMR, resting metabolic rate. So it controls the speed of your metabolic rate. When you go on the keto diet and you cut out all this glucose, what ends up happening is your body has a difficult time producing thyroid hormones because glucose are the primary building block of the active form of your thyroid hormones, TSH, thyroid stimulating hormones. So by eating a strategic high carb cheat meal at the right time every single week that I teach you about over at my website, you reset your thyroid hormones. Now, you'll also reset your leptin sensitivity. You see, leptin is considered the body's number 1 weight management hormone. And research shows that it only takes about seven days of low carb or ketogenic dieting before leptin levels can plummet up to 50%. Well, these strategic high carb cheat meals eaten at the right time every single week following my 1 day diet protocol will help you reset those leptin levels. Now, obviously, this overcomes another huge problem of the keto diet, and that's adherence. I mean you cannot eat carbs on the keto diet, you can't drink wine or your favorite cocktails or beer on a ketogenic diet, you can't have your favorite desserts, you can't even eat your favorite healthy fruits without going out of ketosis. But when you follow the 1 day diet protocol over at my website and you eat these strategic high carb cheat meals every week you get to indulge, and it you can allow you to adhere to the diet better the other 5 or 6 days of the week. Now, the second mistake that you must avoid if you're over 40 years old and you're looking to do the keto diet is the wrong meal timing. And over at my website I teach you a couple meal timing techniques that are designed for the hormones of people over 40 years old. And when you follow this the right way just 3 or 4 days of the week, you can actually increase your body's ability to release growth hormone up to 1200%. You also release adrenaline. Adrenaline converts into the hormones that are responsible for helping you manage your weight. So hopefully you got something out of this video. If you're interested click the link around this video. Go over to my website, learn all about this 1 day diet solution. It's specifically reoptimize the hormones that are responsible for maintaining a healthy weight while overcoming the pitfalls and the negative side effects of ketogenic and low carb diets. Thanks for watching, and God bless.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ketokonstructed: can you just say when and what on youtube
  2. @anupamadubey5696: Hi ! Can I do keto with vegetarian diet

- 5 Biggest Keto Mistakes to Avoid in 2025 | Must-Know Tips for Women Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en Hey there, my lovely friends. Welcome back to Healthy Habits Her. I'm Ella and I'm so thrilled you're here for a cozy chat about the keto diet. With over 10 years as a nutrition specialist, I've worked with hundreds of women across the US, especially those fabulous ladies over 40, helping them tackle weight, boost energy, balance hormones, and feel vibrant again. But let's be real, keto can be tricky if you're not aware of the pitfalls. I've seen so many women hit roadblocks feeling stuck or frustrated because they're making a few common mistakes without even realizing it. Today, we're diving deep into the five biggest keto mistakes that can derail your progress and more importantly, how to fix them with practical expertbacked strategies. Whether you're struggling with stalled weight loss, low energy, or just not seeing the results you hoped for, this video is for you. We'll cover overeating fat without structure, leaning too heavily on keto desserts, ignoring meal timing, skipping tracking, and overlooking hidden carbs and electrolytes. By the end of this 45minute chat, you'll have clear, actionable steps to get back on track, maximize your keto results, and feel amazing every day. So, grab a cup of tea, get comfy, and let's dive in. What's one keto challenge you're facing right now? Drop it in the comments and let's sort it out together. Mistake number one, overeating fat without structure. Let's start with one of the biggest myths. Thinking keto means you can eat unlimited fat and still see results. Yes, fat is your fuel on keto, but piling on butter, coconut oil, or bacon without structure can overwhelm your metabolism, especially in the early weeks. For women over 40, our bodies need time to shift from burning carbs to fat efficiently, a process called fat adaptation that can take four to 6 weeks. Overloading on fat too soon can lead to sluggishness, stalled weight loss, or even digestive discomfort. I've seen this with clients like Sarah, 46, who was adding extra oil to every meal and felt bloated instead of energized. Once we balanced her plate, her energy soared. Focus on moderate portions of high quality fats. Think olive oil drizzled on veggies, half an avocado with lunch, or a p of grass-fed butter on your steak. Pair these with lean proteins like chicken or fish and low carb veggies like spinach or zucchini. Aim for three balanced meals a day to start and listen to your hunger cues. Are you eating out of habit or because you're truly hungry? Tracking your energy levels can help you find a sweet spot. For women in midlife, balancing fat with protein is key to preserving muscle mass, which supports metabolism and keeps you strong. What's one high-fat food you love on keto? How could you pair it with protein or veggies for balance? Mistake number two, relying on keto desserts. Next up, let's talk about keto desserts. Those fat bombs, low carb cookies, and sugar-free chocolates that seem like a guilt-free treat. They're marketed as keto friendly, but leaning on them too much can sabotage your progress. Many women turn to these desserts to fill an emotional void, just like they used sugary treats before. The problem, even sugar substitutes like arythrtol or monk fruit can trigger cravings or reinforce emotional eating habits. Plus, some keto desserts sneak in hidden carbs that add up fast. My client Lisa, 48, was eating keto brownies daily and wondered why her weight loss stalled. When we cut back, her sugar cravings faded and she felt more in control. Instead of reaching for a dessert when stress hits, try activities that boost oxytocin, the feel-good hormone. Go for a walk, play a board game with family, cuddle with your pet, or try a quick mindfulness practice like deep breathing. These nourish your soul without derailing ketosis. Keep keto desserts as an occasional treat, maybe once a week for a special moment. If you're craving something sweet, blend a few berries with heavy cream or make a quick cheer pudding with coconut milk. How often do you reach for keto desserts? What's one non-food activity you could try to lift your mood instead? Mistake number three, ignoring meal timing. meal timing is a gamecher that too many keto beginners overlook. I've seen women stick to three large high-fat meals plus snacks throughout the day, thinking it's fine as long as they're low carb. But constant eating can slow your body's ability to enter deep ketosis and burn stored fat. For women over 40, when metabolism and insulin sensitivity are shifting, meal timing can make or break your results. Grazing all day keeps insulin elevated, which blocks fat burning. My client Maria, 50, was snacking between meals and felt stuck until we streamlined her eating schedule. A better approach is to experiment with timerestricted eating. Start with a 10 to 12hour eating window, like eating between 8:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. and gradually shorten it to 8 hours as your body adapts. Try having your first meal earlier to align with your body's natural morning glucose rise, which reduces insulin spikes and boosts fat burning. For example, a breakfast of eggs and avocado at 8:00 a.m., lunch at 1:00 p.m., and dinner by 400 p.m. can work wonders. Avoid mindless snacking. Sip bone broth or water if you need something between meals. Have you noticed how your meal timing affects your energy? What's one way you could adjust your schedule to support ketosis? Mistake number four, skipping measurement and tracking. Another big mistake is skipping measurement and tracking, thinking you'll magically stay in ketosis. I get it. Tracking can feel tedious, but without feedback, you're flying blind. Many women I work with assume they're in ketosis because they're eating keto, but small missteps can add up. For example, Jane, 47, wasn't tracking her carbs and was surprised to learn her low carb salad dressing was pushing her over the limit. Once she started tracking, her ketone levels stabilized and she dropped inches. In the first few weeks, urine strips can give you a rough idea of ketosis, but for long-term accuracy, invest in a blood ketone meter. It's like a glucose monitor for ketones. Aim for 0.5 to 3.0 0 mill moles/l to confirm you're in ketosis. Track neck carbs. Aim for 20 to 30 gram daily. Protein about 0.8 g per kilogram of body weight and fats to satiety, not excess. Log your food in an app like My Fitness Pal for a week to spot patterns. Don't skip electrolytes either. Monitor sodium, potassium, and magnesium to avoid fatigue. Are you tracking your keto macros? What's one thing you could start measuring to fine-tune your progress? Mistake number five, forgetting hidden carbs and electrolytes. Finally, let's talk about forgetting hidden carbs and electrolytes. A double whammy that can knock you out of ketosis and leave you feeling awful. Hidden carbs lurk in sauces, dressings, keto snacks, and even veggies like carrots or onions if you overdo them. A single tablespoon of store-bought barbecue sauce can have 7 g of carbs. My client Emily, 45, was eating low carb wraps that had hidden starches, stalling her progress until we audited her pantry. Electrolytes are just as critical, especially for women over 40 with shifting hormones. When you cut carbs, your body flushes water and sodium, which can lead to headaches, cramps, or the dreaded keto flu. Potassium, magnesium, and calcium are also key to keeping energy steady and preventing fatigue. I've seen clients like Tara, 49, go from foggy to vibrant by adding more salt and electrolyte rich foods. Read labels carefully. Choose sauces and snacks with under 2 g of carbs per serving. Boost sodium with Himalayan pink salt, potassium with avocados or spinach, and magnesium with nuts or supplements. Sip bone broth daily for an electrolyte hit. What's one hidden carb you might be eating? How could you up your electrolyte gain this week? Let's wrap this up, friends. Avoiding these five mistakes can transform your keto journey, especially for us women over 40. To recap, don't overeat fat without structure. Balance it with protein and low carb veggies for steady energy. Limit keto desserts to occasional treats and find non-food ways to boost your mood. Mind your meal timing with timerestricted eating to deepen ketosis. Track your macros and ketones to stay on course. And always watch for hidden carbs and prioritize electrolytes to feel your best. Keto isn't about perfection. It's about finding what works for your body and lifestyle. Experiment. Listen to your energy and hunger cues and give yourself grace as you adapt. With these strategies, you'll not only stay in ketosis, but also feel vibrant, balanced, and empowered. I've seen so many women thrive by dodging these pitfalls, and I know you can, too. Which mistake resonated with you most? Share it in the comments. Like, subscribe, and hit the bell bell emoji for more keto tips. Let's make 2025 your best year yet on keto. Here's to thriving together.

  Top Comments:
  1. @healthyhabitsher: Hey, lovely friends! 🥑 Thanks for watching my guide on the 5 Biggest Keto Mistakes to Avoid in 2025! Here they are: overeating fat without structure, relying on keto desserts, ignoring meal timing, skipping tracking, and forgetting hidden carbs and electrolytes. Which mistake surprised you most, or what’s one keto tweak you’re ready to try? 
Drop it in the comments, like, subscribe, and hit the bell 🔔 for more tips to thrive on keto! Let’s make it fun and sustainable together! #HealthyHabitsHer #KetoLifestyle

- #1 KETO Mistake People OVER 40 Need To AVOID: Kind: captions Language: en If you're over 40 years old and you're looking to use the keto day to quickly accelerate your results, pay close attention. Because inside this video, I'm going to share the number one mistake that people in their 40s, 50s, and 60s make when following any low carb or ketogenic diet. And I'm also going to share how you can still get all the amazing therapeutic and weight management benefits of these diets without suffering through the negative side effects by following a brand new one-day innovative diet protocol that I've created that you can learn about by clicking or tapping the link around this video. It's specifically designed to help people over 40 years old reset and re-optimize the hormones that are responsible for boosting the metabolism, fighting the aging process, and quickly metabolizing fat cells. Now over at my website you're also going to see a couple dozen published research studies so that you know everything that I'm educating you about inside this video is backed by real scientific research. My name is Shaun Hadsell. I'm a 47-year-old stubborn fat expert. I'm proud to be called the "blessed papa" because my 6 beautiful grandkids. And it's very important that if you're over 40 years old and you want to use these diets that you avoid the mistakes that I'm going to share with you inside this video. The first mistake is simply not having strategic high carb cheat meals once per week. So there's a specific time each and every week that people over 40 years old should eat a strategic high carb cheat meal because it helps you regulate 2 of your body's weight management hormones, your thyroid hormones and your leptin sensitivity. Now remember, your thyroid gland is considered the master gland of the metabolism because it helps control metabolic rate, and it helps you manage your weight. So it's very important that you optimize thyroid hormones. Well, when you go on a ketogenic or an ultra low carb diet, the keto diet specifically, you only 5% carbs. So you cut out all glucose. You eat 75% friendly fats and 20% protein. And after about 3 to 7 days of following this particular protocol, your body makes a shift and it stops burning glucose as a fuel source and it starts burning ketones from friendly fats as a fuel source. This is known as becoming fat adaptive. Now, it can and does have some amazing benefits, but it comes with some severe consequences for people over 40 years old. Because doing this you cut out all glucose from carbohydrates. Well, glucose is the primary building block of TSH. This is the active form of your thyroid hormones, Thyroid Stimulating Hormone. So without glucose in your diet, it makes it nearly impossible for the body to produce adequate thyroid hormones. Well, having a strategic once per week at the specific time that I teach you about over at my website using my 1-day diet protocol, you re-optimize your Now, the second hormone is leptin. Leptin is considered the body's number 1 weight management hormone. And research shows that it only takes about 7 days of low carb or ketogenic dieting before leptin levels can plummet up to 50%. Well, by strategically eating these high carb cheat meals at the right time each week, you can avoid this from happening because it'll help reset your body's leptin levels. Now, you'll also need to make sure that you time your meals properly if you're See, it doesn't matter what diet that you're following. Unless you time your meals the right way, you won't be able to regulate the metabolism. By using my 1-day diet protocol you time your meals every single day at a specific time when you wake up. And when you do this, it can increase growth hormone levels up to 1,200%. Now, it also coaxes the body into releasing adrenaline. Adrenaline converts into the hormones that are responsible for helping you manage your weight. Now, you can learn all about how this 1-day diet protocol works by clicking a link around this video. You'll also learn all about how you can get the amazing benefits of these trendy low carb diets, the paleo diet, to keto diet, to plant-based vegetarian diet. These extreme diets come with some severe deficiencies, and you could use any 1 of them simply by using them in conjunction with my 1-day hormone resetting protocol. So thanks for taking time out of your busy day to watch this, and God bless.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoshuaTennefrancia: Thx for the Info.

- YouTube 5 - for women over 40, right and wrong keto way, eBook for over 40 offer: Kind: captions Language: en hey there this is a special message for women over 40 listen there is a right and wrong way to do the keto diet wrong will give you kita flu acidosis and metabolic stall right will help you burn fat boost energy give you a better mood and less bloating my keto green eating plan is especially designed for women over 40 and ditches the usual dirty keto foods in favor of clean keto so I always say there's keto dirty or keto clean which is keto green now dirty keto foods are acidic such as cheese cream pork rinds processed meats etc clean keto foods are more on the alkaline side such as avocado olive oil coconut oil nuts and seeds to learn more about how to make the keto diet easier and safer click the button in this video to get my new ebook making keto work for women over 40

- Ketogenic Diet for Weight Loss for Men and Women Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en hi Brian sucker here again certified personal trainer and baby boomer fitness expert for today I'm going to talk about the ketogenic diet for weight loss for men and women over the ages of 40 50 and 60 so right now I've been getting a lot of questions from clients about the ketogenic diet and the reason why is there's a lot of companies out there marketing supplements for the ketogenic diet and it seems to be the big craze for weight loss right now and I want to give you the information about that so you can make the right decisions for yourself over the age forty fifteen sixty and what you can kind of expect with it so when you go on a keto diet once a popping is basically it's a low carb diet that's higher in healthy fats so basically what happens is you're eliminating carbohydrates here and normally when you eat carbohydrates what's up happening is your body produces glucose and it produces insulin alright and glucose is the number one energy source for the body and then insulin is going to be used to transport or process glycogen or glucose alright so what happens when you go on a low-carb diet your body is going to go into ketosis and it's going to start producing ketones basically ketones what what that is is your body is going to take fat that's stored in the liver and start to transform that and use it as energy so when you're taking carbs out of your diet what you're going to end up experiencing these are going to experiencing weight loss and your controlling your blood sugar and like anything else that's calories and versus calories out so you've got to make sure you're in a calorie deficit but you're going to stop using carbohydrates as energy and you're going to use more fat as fuel it takes usually somebody about five to ten days to get into the state of ketosis and basically what the diet looks like when you're going into a ketogenic diet or ketosis and you're eliminating carbs 70% of your diet is going to be good healthy fats and I'll explain what those are 25% of it's going to be lean protein sources and five percent of its going to be carbohydrates now the carbs that you're eliminating you're eliminating grains or eliminating cereal you're eliminating sugars like jams honey you're eliminate fruits like apples and bananas starches and potatoes meats you're going to eat more of the lean cuts you're going to eat lean chicken breasts you're going to lean ground turkey really lean cuts of beef lean cuts of Turkey and fish then for fats what you're going to want to be doing is you're going to want to be taking like high quality dairy grass-fed dairy nuts avocados coconut oil olive oil so some good fat so those are the what of them diet looks like so basically how do you reach ketosis so you're looking at about a five to ten 10-day period and your number one focus is you're going to keep your car below 50 and your sugary cars below 50 and you're going to be taking in more vegetables the other thing is you're focusing on your diet staying that 25 to 30% range for protein so you can maintain lean body mass so there's that 70% of it's going to be fat so pick those healthy fatty fats you're not going to be taking a lot of the saturated fat so more the healthy fats that I recommended one thing you want to focus on when you're in a ketosis diet is you want to focus on a lot of hydrate water water intake it's going to help you stay hydrated can help you clear toxins from your sim system it's going to help you control overall hunger you really want to make sure you focus on restricting your carbohydrates and staying to it a lot of my clients that end up going on a ketogenic diet and/or going to ketosis as they really screw it up because they start to snack and once you go out it out of it then you've got to go back to that process and it takes time and it starts all over again so you really have to restrict those carbs and be dedicated on doing that last thing is you know because you are limiting foods from your diet you might not be getting the nutrients that you need and because you're going into a different type of diet you're not having certain nutrients and there are certain nutrients you're getting flushed from your body that you need that are going to help you perform so I would meet with a nutritionist or a natural what they're going to do is give you very specifics of what you would need in a diet like this so supplements you want to look for is like fish oil is good healthy fat it's going to help you with your mood it's going to stay full green supplements going to help you get the phytonutrients that you're maybe not getting from your diet sodium potassium for muscle contraction magnesium muscle contraction and also because you're losing those things from dumping carbohydrates from your system and dumping water from your system and then the other thing is vitamin D that's going to help you with mood also kind of what can you kind of expect from the diet because carbs are your fuel carbs is your energy carbs is what makes things happen in your body when it comes to performance your performance is going to go down people out they're going to say they're going to argue the other on that but I'm going to tell you what you'll bill keep your performance for anywhere from 5 to 14 days but if you start going out into that four week six week mark your performance is going to go down so if you're trying to run faster you're trying to lift heavier you just can kind of get cut that out right there the next thing is your you're not going to be able to build muscle protein is the building block for muscles so you have plenty of protein for that but then also glucose is stored in the muscle or glycogen is stored in the muscle and it's going to help and that's what helps with the the building the muscle process some of the side effects that you can expect muscle cramps constipation headaches hunger pains and heart palpation so those are some things that you can kind of expect from that in the next video I'm going to explain to you my thoughts of a ketosis ketogenic diet and going to cantos as' and if you should do it or not my perspective of this I would love to hear what you liked best about this video so down below you'll see a comment section just leave your comments and I want to thank you so much for the comments you've been leaving me over the months and I've been getting back to filling those out also down below in the description box you'll see a link and in that description box with that link you want to click it and it's going to take you to another page where you going to get four free workouts to get those four free workouts you just have to enter your e-mail address so go down below click the link and we're get you those those workouts right away by entering email address also down below make sure you click the subscribe button so you get updated when we release all this great content so thank you again for tuning in thank you so much for your comments go get your free workouts and you guys make it a great day [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mattwalker138 [3 likes]: Lean meats? Why? The more fats the better, if you’re suggesting to get them from dairy, you might as well get them from animal fats, beef, pork, chicken, etc
  2. @ivancarrejo6551 [2 likes]: Hey buddy...change the title of this video...you did not say anything about men and women over 40.. in other words..  clickbait.. smh
  3. @ariellevin3008 [1 likes]: It isn't true that all ketosis diets are high-fat ingestive. Ketosis usually occurs when you deficit the amount of ingested Net Carbs to less than 25-20g. There are also many kinds of Keto Diets: Strick Keto, Lazy Keto, Dirty Keto, and Protein Prioritized Dirty Keto. As a 69-year-old competitive woman cyclist, I use the PPDK. The reason I prefer a diet high in protein vs fat because I need to keep lean muscle mass. Protein is very important in supplying all the muscle growth needs. My daily protein intake is around 130g, fat 80g and finally 25-30g Net Carbs. You can still be in Ketosis, if that is your goal, and not have to eat all the fat. Here are a few differences, though there are more: Lazy Keto doesn't always follow strict tracking of Macros. Whereas Strick Keto, Dirty Keto, and Protein Prioritised Dirty Keto believe in tracking the 411 each day. Strict Keto (like Paleo) would like you to eat as much clean food as possible. Dirty Keto and PPDK feel that you can eat healthily but allows you to stay within your budgets financially. It also believes in IIFiYM (If it fits in your macros) you can eat it. If you are interested in learning about a healthier Keto diet go to FB and type in Protein Prioritized Dirty Keto. One very important point to follow in every formate of Keto Diet relates to Electrolytes. You must keep track and ensure you keep your Electrolytes balanced.
  4. @lisabadger3399: Then there is the fiber issue on a keto diet.  Can be bad!
  5. @TandZAptLife: Hi. I really liked your video. If you're interested I will subscribe to your channel if you will subscribe to mine. I've lost 31 pounds on Keto. Thanks!
 PhDNaturalMe
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxYTl7QH4x1pKyvkbfJVgIA

- Vid 5 v2 - For women over 40, right and wrong keto way, eBook for over 40 offer: Kind: captions Language: en listen there is a right and wrong way to do the keto diet wrong will give you kita flu acidosis and metabolic stall right will help you burn fat boost energy give you a better mood and less bloating my Kido green eating plan is especially designed for women over 40 and ditches the usual dirty keto foods in favor of clean keto so I would say there's keto dirty or keto clean which is keto green now dirty keto foods are acidic such as cheese cream pork rinds processed meats etc clean keto foods are more on the alkaline side such as avocado olive oil coconut oil nuts and seeds to learn more about how to make the keto diet easier and safer click the button in this video to get my new ebook making keto work for women over 40

- #1 Mistake People OVER 40 Make on the Keto Diet: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody out there nutrition coach Dan long here with the over-40 protocol thank you so much for stopping on this feed whatever you just were watching something crazy I'm sure but you know what today you're lucky because I have the number one mistake that's happening right now with the ketogenic diet yes it's hot it's great everyone's trying it everyone's thinking about it some people have even done it guess what there are mistakes that you need to know before you even attempt to try the CHEO genic diet now I've done the King Janak diet failure sorry can't do it because I love carbs way too much yes now listen I've been nutritionally and an exercise been helping people over 20-plus years moms dads Olympians professional athletes military you name it and I can tell you that 80% of everything comes from what you put into your body so now if you're like me and you love carbohydrates if you even go on the ketogenic diet I want to prepare you that you're not gonna get any carbohydrates no the answer is zero sorry cut them out of your diet so no wafers for you no fruits for you no pastries for you you're not getting any cheat meals it's not happening can you get other stuff like cheese's bacons right cheese's baking's all right I got all these different foods here check this out right hands this right proteins again Lord you can have tons of lard you can have butter you can have all you want okay but you're not gave me any carbohydrates and that's the thing why I'm here the number one mistake that people make with the ketogenic diet is they go on the diet not knowing that the diet is not supposed to be any longer than 90 days maximum and they don't know that also secret number two you get zero zero carbohydrates now I don't know but one person in my life that's living on zero carbohydrates and honest to god this man that I do know he is absolutely crushing it but it's only one person and of all the people that I know in the world now the chances of you staying on this diet forever is not happening because you cannot do it all right and you cannot stay off of carbohydrates because your brain and everything functions metabolism hormones everything functions off up what it focuses all carbohydrates so number one mistake don't even go into it if you think you cannot have carbohydrates because if you're if you can't if you have to have carbohydrates I'm letting you know right now this is not the diets for you you cannot sit there and cut out carbohydrates if you think you're going on listen ketogenic diet it's the number one hottest thing on the market right now but it's also the number one diet that most people never ever complete and never stay on because it's a fad diet okay now listen I have a solution it takes one day so just listen up real quick if you want to implement back into your diet carbohydrates I absolutely love carbohydrates and I'm letting you know they failed right here it says fail that's because I failed on that diet because I cannot cut out carbohydrates forever it's just not happening and here's the thing if you're like me and you want to put or you maybe you didn't try the car like this this diet where it cuts out carbohydrates ketogenic and you want a one day solution I have it for you and it's taking over 20 plus years to create this one solution and today it's here and I want to let you know I'm gonna find it at this link around here ok give me one second though in the end ultimately if you do do the ketogenic diet god bless you no problem try it if it doesn't work for you then I want you to come back here save this video once you come back here and I want you to realize that we have a one-day solution is taking over 20 plus years 20 plus years to create call the one day hormone reset diet the one day hormone reset solution is what I like to call it because it only takes and it starts working on one day the first day that you start taking it you will notice huge great side effects like how about increased energy how about a slimmer waistline less blowing right more my focus focusing up here how about like all the things that come with you to catch inside you get bad breath there's no more of that okay there's also short term fatigue that's gone the won-jae hormone reset diet can be found at this link I want you if you're over the age of 40 like me I'm 46 years old and you're looking to reset those hormones or you're looking for that next thing that's gonna help you boost hormones and metabolism it's here it's I'm excited because you're one of the first people to see this so the hormone reset diet starts on day one I want you to click this link and I'll tell you all about it and by the way when you go on there pay attention to the different fad diet trends that are on this page that you're gonna see in here in a second okay because it basically calls it all out and scientifically backs everything that I'm saying go to this link and check out the 1-day hormone reset by if you're frustrated and you're confused and you're looking for a solution it starts on day one at this link now [Music]

- #1 Mistake People OVER 40 Make on the KETO Diet: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody out there coach Dan long here with the over-40 protocol and nutrition coach staying long here today because I want to talk about the number one mistake that's going on with the ketogenic diet have you tried the ketogenic diet are you thinking about trying the ketogenic diet have you even heard about the ketogenic diet well guess what yes you can have bacon on the ketogenic diets to get excited okay but what you can't have is what I'm about to tell you right now here's the thing for over 20 plus years moms dads kids professional athletes Olympians military I've been helping them nutritionally and physically get into the best shape that they've ever been and guess what today I want to help you boost your hormones boost your metabolism and also fight the aging process and it's all about the number one mistake that's happening with the ketogenic diet okay so if I got your attention if you're over the age of 40 now listen I am 46 years old I'm living my greatest healthiest lifestyle right now and I want to share this information with you because you stopped on this beach so here's the thing stick with me you see this link around here don't touch it don't click it don't even look at it just yet okay cuz after I talk about all this food the bully's groceries I got here right look at this guy right here he's always hanging out with me in the kitchen here's the thing number one thing that's going wrong with the ketogenic diet that people are setting up and it's actually a two part number one thing is people are going on this ketogenic diet not knowing two things one you cannot stay on the diet for a very long time at all maximum 90 days what happens after 90 days what happens I'm gonna tell you what happens number two the second thing is you will not be allowed to have carbohydrates no no pasta no bread no cookie wafers no fruits cannot have preached no pastries but yes you can have cheese which is lard you can have there's all these suits I got here look all these cheese's you can have Tavia bacon you can have cheese mozzarella this is shredded this is shredded cheese right tons of mozzarella I got maple bacon here you can have that you can have these cheese spreads yes you can have some of this look at these minis right here and prosciutto you can have that alright you can have this cheese okay tons of cheeses here so what any hand you're gonna be eating a lot of lard and you're gonna be eating a lot of what meat because that's what you can have but you can't have carbohydrates so the number one mistake is people go into this and let's say you do do the ketogenic diet now stick with me because I have a 1-day solution at the end of this okay check this out if you go on the ketogenic diet you're not saying I live longer than 90 days and if you do at 90 days guess what you're gonna start doing I guarantee you 99.9 percent of you are gonna start implementing carbohydrates back into your diet you want to know why because all of our bodies have to function off carbohydrates your brain functions off carbohydrates I tried the ketogenic diet and I've failed you see this at a il8 D estimation mark failed I failed wonder why because I cannot function without using carbs I just can't and some people can god bless you it's amazing it's honestly the 1% I'd only go one person in my entire life that's been able to do it for a longevity period of time and I don't know he's just like the Phenom somehow the body is allowing that to happen but it's very very very rare okay so the mistakes that's happening is these people are going on diets and they're fad diets including the ketogenic diet and it's messing up hormones so any in what's happening hormones get out of whack then what happens yes you can you can only understand that right what happens is the body reacts to that especially if you're like me and you're over the age of 40 if you're like me and you're over the age of four and you're sick and tired of hearing about fad diets and you need a solution and let's say you even are on that diet right now and you want a solution to help reset those hormones or any of the other types the vegan diet right or possibly the Paleo diet there's all these different diets South Beach Diet Weight Watchers diet right nutrition a nutrition system all these different ones Nutrisystem it in your hormones are the number one thing if you're over the age of 40 that would be affected okay but over 20 plus years of going back and forth and learning this through all of what we have done we have created a system now and I'm so excited cuz you're one of the first people to actually hear about this it's called the one day hormone reset diet the over-40 one day hormone recent diet did you hear that it resets your hormones starting on day one okay then every day that you do it after that it continues to keep making your hormones boost metabolism boost the hormones that are supposed to be boosted right and fight the aging process if you're interested in I have all full-on ears I want you to click this link in a second but if you love this information do me a favor right now hit a like hit a hard hit share down here show me some love didn't like it hard he to share and down in the comments below I want you to put my diet wittle rock to affirmation marks my diet will rock to us Commission marks down in the comments below just for me taking the time out and asking you to dedicate one day to start your day feeling amazing living a healthy lifestyle boosting hormones boosting metabolism and resetting those hormones so that you can live that healthy lifestyle because you're over 40 like me and if you're not hey thanks for stuck on on the feet I appreciate it show me that love down below but if you are it's your turn okay it's your turn take my advice hormone receptor anyone over 40 starts on day one and it starts at this link [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @mtbjim1670: It would also be nice if the link you post in your vid worked, it only stops and stars the video...
  2. @mtbjim1670: love your attitude against Keto. I think everyone getting on keto understands they cannot have carbs. And you answers is 1 day hormone reset diet.
  3. @twinklestar4814: My diet will rock. ♥️. I'm 69 yes old. Female. Northern  California.

- How to go “Keto” AFTER 40: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. If you're over 40, in your 40s, 50s, and 60s and you're thinking about the Keto diet or you're already on the Keto died, you may want to think twice about it. I have some eye-opening information that reveals that there are some severe hormone issues with this diet if you're over 40 that you may not be aware of. So I've got something special for you that actually will fix those hormone problems with the Keto diet if you're over 40. So it's around this video a link. Don't click it just yet because I want to share with you some simple tips that will work with the Keto diet that will work with your hormones and not against them. Hi. I'm Shelly Slapshak. I'm a personal trainer and wellness fitness coach. I am a single mom of two beautiful teenager girls. And that can be challenging, and time is always an issue as I know it is for you, too. So we need a diet, a solution, a lifestyle that works for us, works for our hormones. It's so important to maintain healthy hormone levels. Let's talk about those popular diets, the Keto, the paleo, and the vegetarian. The Keto diet, I personally as a personal trainer do not recommend. It's not long term, and it's not a lifestyle. There also can be some drawbacks with this. You have the Keto flu, which is when your body is shutting off the need of glucose for an energy source, and you can get headaches, brain fog, insomnia. It can actually last for weeks. And then you can have another drawback. As soon as you have 1 carbohydrate or too much protein, you're kicked out of ketosis. And it can take weeks and weeks to get back into ketosis. So I do have a couple tips that I know will work for those who want to stay in the ketosis. What you need to do is have only 1,000 calories a day and have an 85% and 90% of those calories come from fat. I have a solution for you at the end of this short video. You can click the link to find out more information. It uses re-feeds and strategic cheat meals that include carbohydrates that will help your metabolism from not slowing down, and it will optimize your hormones, and you can eliminate that Keto flu. Let's talk about the paleo diet. That is really healthy because there's no processed foods. I love that. Yes, it can be beneficial and definitely can be effective, but long term, this diet actually suppresses your thyroid hormones because the lack of iodine and glucose. Iodine is needed because it maintains healthy thyroid levels, and your glucose actually is needed because it produces stimulating hormones. So I have a solution. It is a one day Hormone Reset Diet. It uses strategic combinations that the right time that actually reset your hormones. Oh, you'll find exactly how to use this when you hit that link around this video. Let's talk about the last one, the, vegan the vegetarian, or your plant-based diets. Yes, very, very healthy, very beneficial and effective. You do eliminate lots of food categories, so, yes, it is healthy. But there's a lot of deficiencies with that as well. So if you do choose this diet, just make sure that you definitely take a vitamin B12, vitamin D, and omega 3. Because you do not have the plant, because you don't have the animal-based protein, your protein quality is low. And studies have shown that when you have a low quality of protein that your liver doesn't respond to your thyroid. A solution, the solution, the 1 day over 40 Hormone Reset Diet. It actually uses re-feeds, strategic cheat meals that we use at the right timing that actually work for your hormones and not against them. So go ahead click that link. You'll learn all the information you need to know about this diet and how it works and how to use it. You will also learn about Sean and Karen. Karen is a grandmother, 59 years old. You will learn about her battle with cancer and her hormone challenges that she had, and actually this became the discovery of the 1 Her inspiring story is amazing. It's so empowering. OK, guys. That's it. Thank you so much for your time. I hope that you enjoyed this video. Please give me a thumbs up. Leave down below your comments. Let me know what you want to see next time, and thank you so much for listening. And I hope you found this useful. Thanks so much. Bye.

- The HUGE Mistake Counting Carbs on Keto (Ketogenic Diet): Kind: captions Language: en there is a huge mistake when you're counting carbs on keto because it's not all about carbs sometimes people think that um it's all about just bringing your carbs down below 50 grams and you're good to go other people think you have to go really really super high on the fat to be keto but today i'm going to get into something really really important that will make your keto plan work a lot better so the question is why do you reduce your carbs below 50 grams because carbs increase insulin and it's really the insulin that blocks ketosis so we're trying to generate ketones right and so the more the insulin goes up the less we're going to be in ketosis and if we can't be in ketosis we're not doing the ketogenic diet so people start counting carbs they start looking at sugars they start focusing on the glycemic index but what's missing in this whole thing is the understanding that protein also increases insulin especially if you have insulin resistance or you're a diabetic or you're pre-diabetic i mean there's so many times where a diabetic will go a low-carb okay and then they'll have this huge steak as their dinner and they wake up in the morning the sugar is just like off the chart how can that be i ate low carb it's the protein so protein has the ability to increase insulin not as much as carbs but it will increase insulin all right so now that you know that there's only two foods that do not trigger insulin okay fat and fiber but also when you combine these two with other foods you buffer the insulin okay you reduce the insulin and i'm going to explain that in a second because no one just really eats you know just protein or just fat or just carbohydrates it's always a combination of things so i'm going to give you a really good principle to think with on this topic from my book the healthy keto plan on page 154 that is called the insulin index okay the insulin index that is the scale of foods that trigger insulin and that goes beyond the glycemic index which is all about just how much a carbohydrate will spike your blood sugar this is talking about the non-carbohydrate things okay not just sugar not just other carbs but even proteins and variations of fats in protein that could trigger insulin because this is the most important thing we need to focus on when we're trying to achieve health okay and of course you know you already know that sugar will trigger insulin and various carbs will increase insulin and you probably also know that it's important to have normal blood sugar right i mean you don't want it too low you don't want it too high and the more you go on low carb the lower it will go so before that number would have been classified as hypoglycemia low blood sugar but now it's your new normal because you're not consuming carbs you're running off of fat so they consider like hypoglycemia being like below 70 right i mean when you do keto or intermittent fasting 70 would be completely normal okay even sometimes 65 or even 60 or even lower will be normal you'll feel good and so don't think you have hypoglycemia as a as a bad thing if your blood sugars are that low because if you're then misdiagnosed and you're they tell you just oh eat some sugar now you actually start the whole cycle again where you're gonna create more problems but it is important to have perfect blood sugars okay so anywhere between like 70 and 80 okay that would be ideal because if that sugar is too high as well as having the insulin too high these are the symptoms tired you get fat your cognitive function gets less your mood becomes a lot lower you start developing metabolic syndrome and you get hungry all the time and then if it's low you get irritable you can't sleep shaky craving hungry when your blood sugars are are perfect boy you're going to feel your optimum okay so that is one goal in addition to all the other benefits we're trying to achieve by going on keto or intermittent fasting now this insulin index is very fascinating because the lower the number the better okay the less insulin that's triggered so like butter would be two now butter has a tiny bit of other things in it that probably brings it up to two or else it'll probably be zero but butter is two so that's that's low it's not going to create much of any type of spike with your insulin pecans are five why because it has a good amount of fat it's a fatty nut walnuts are nine why are walnuts higher because they're not as fatty as a pecan now let's take a look at egg yolk it's a 15. look at egg white it's 55 okay why because egg white doesn't have any protein in it if we combine an egg white with egg yolk we get a whole egg which comes out to right in the middle 21. so again i want you to think with the concept of normal fat that comes with the protein is going to be better for your insulin stabilization so anything low-fat or lean or skim is not going to help you because we want this insulin low the more lean a protein is the more low fat the higher the insulin the less your ability to get into ketosis now let's take something that's really high on the insulin index whey protein powder why because it's there's no fat in it it's super high and a lot of people take it as a supplement with maltodextrin because they're trying to build muscles because their whole idea is to actually increase insulin okay that's what they want to do to stimulate muscle growth because insulin is an anabolic hormone okay but my question is when you do this you're combining something that's very high on the insulin scale and something else that's very high on the insulin scale as well as the glycemic index in fact maltodextrin is higher than glucose it's probably the highest thing on the gi index you're creating insulin resistance that's the negative part of it okay so you're going to end up maybe creating some muscles with a lot of insulin resistance now some people genetically maybe might not create insulin resistance but a lot of people will if i consume this i would feel like crap because it would start to aggravate my pre-existing insulin resistance problem now let's just take not that you would eat ice cream low-fat ice cream versus regular ice cream okay what's in low-fat ice cream we have high carb we have a low fat there's some protein in there okay what's in regular ice cream high fat and high carb and some protein in there so what would be lower on the insulin of course the regular ice cream because it has more fat and fat buffers to some degree the insulin response now of course i'm not telling you to eat regular ice cream i'm just showing you this so you can think with this so if somehow you're out there and you are forced to eat ice cream choose the regular ice cream not the low-fat ice cream all right check out this right here we have whole wheat bread okay versus white bread it's almost the same as far as insulin so why is white bread higher on the insulin index because it has less fiber fiber buffers the insulin response all right check this out relating to tuna like in a can is 16 if it's in oil but it's 26 if it's in water why is this one higher because it doesn't have the oil the oil is supposed to buffer the insulin response and there's no oil in there so that is why it's higher let's take a look at whole milk okay it's 24. but look at skim milk it's 60. you see the difference there why because there's a lot less fat in skim milk now let's take a look at something else let's look at beer it's 20 white wine is three now for this one we're not talking about fiber okay we're not talking about fat we're just talking about the relationship between how beer will affect your insulin levels versus white wine so obviously now you're probably around and start drinking white wine but here's what you need to know there's something else in alcohol that creates the problem and that is alcohol so there's alcohol in both of these and that's going to create the liver damage and it's going to give you a set of additional problems so it's not always just about insulin it's about other things in these ingredients okay so now i hope you have some deeper concepts that go beyond just the carb counting but i think the best video to watch next would be the one on the glycemic index and glycemic load that's something a little bit different so check it out i put it up right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @CJ-ft9yo: Saw this man interviewed and on keto and for years he could not get into ketosis - he must be running on sludge
  3. @baliviano-u5x: Well I won't you jeep it a secret ?
  4. @Blackfeet: egg whites have protein dafuq?
  5. @katy32084: That’s not true. Egg white does have protein in fact it has more than egg yolk.
  6. @ernestjahn6676: Egg whites are ALL protein.
  7. @mouzzamahmad2171: I take around 20 or even blow 20 g
  8. @Rnking4fun: at age 13 i already have fatty liver 😢
  9. @kelliea5729: How can the carnivore diet be good then?
  10. @Cordaxy: Egg white doesn't have any protein in it? Funny and wrong. The German word for protein is Eiweiß (which literally translates to Eggwhite). Also you can google that information in seconds. Strange that you did not check it, with all the seemingly scientific evidence you share.
  11. @Aedony: I thought the insulin also transports ketones?
  12. @Youtubewonderer: ✨🙏🏻✨
  13. @aslanbeats4398: Will consuming pure whey isolate, devoid of additives, disrupt ketosis despite its lack of carbohydrates?
  14. @siricrowson: This really simplifies the concept of insulin response; it's not just about carbs! I've been focusing more on healthy fats and find it helps me stay on track. I've also found KetoNova really helpful for staying consistent when I'm on the go.
  15. @vanesslifeygo: Some ethnicities of people are very insulin resistant. For them to be in ketosis forever, even if they are young, but have had visceral fat their whole life, how many carbs are they allowed, even if they aren't diabetic? (Assume the only reason they aren't diabetic is constantly eating the same amount of their daily energy expenditure.)
  16. @FtheBS1776: Did dude just say egg whites don’t have protein? 😂 WTF?
  17. @yosoytercio245: 👍🏼
  18. @mrsrabbit2712: Correction,  egg whites are about 12% protein with no carbs or fats. 
Maybe just misspoke?
  19. @WhackynutsGaming: when im using Casein protein i make a smoothie with the casein protein powder with peanutbutter and greek yogurth and some kefir with cinnamon spice. :)
  20. @Para_FlightSim: Egg white doesn’t have protein in? Eh?